the next marcorubio ? ted cruz a teaparty latino candidate is trying to become the next u .s . senator from texas .	0
 the dark knight rises . seeing it for the rd time . lol . is it too early to start talking about golden globe oscar nods ? best everything !	1
naruto better bruh dbz cool and all but i m a naruto guy at heart lol boruto the movie come out in november narutos son	1
 win from the superbowl ! game tomorrow at noon ! git r done !	1
lol it s all about sony sony sony if sony gave bj s u be the st	0
the republicans ask a sketchy candidate to pledge to the party and its ideas hillary demands loyalty from anyone who may like her .	1
chelsea clinton is asked about kanye west s run for president and her answer may surprise you via never ! ! !	0
there s going to be a th according to the end of . i think it should be sharknado seriously ? wtf ? 	0
why is everyone copin out on friday lolla like give me a ticket ill go see paul mccartney shittt fuck is wrong with yall .	0
may allah make david cameron the taghoot disabled and give him cancer in his brain . ameen .	2
old radio commercials for grateful dead albums may just be the best thing i ve discovered	1
ahs still has me dreaming of clowns . . .it s friday	0
right now i m watching the nd persona movie in which a cool dog fights a giant monster that looks like hulk hogan .	1
he s making an album with kendrick and drake . . . it drops sometime in february	0
paul dunne s gonna puke on the first tee tomorrow . god love the kid but he doesn t have any idea what he s in for tonight tomorrow morning	0
getting ready for the maine archives and museums conference tomorrow in orono . looking forward to connecting . . .	1
every june th is matt cain day . mayor ed lee is goofy but he got that right . and all my future votes .	0
great round by paul dunne today . i enjoyed playing with him . all the best for tomorrow . proudlysouthafrican theopen	1
brock lesnar . . attacking me on monday night raw was indeed the biggest mistake you ve ever made . . listen here son . this is not the deadman 	2
the kendrick album may be the most overrated album of all time . it s a good album but very little replay value	0
congrats for the million of lovatics our body is ready for your th album love ya 	1
 i may not be around to celebrate with you the publication of gay literary history but i ll be somewhere listening for my name . 	0
i d rather let conor mcgregor full on kick me in the dick than go to work tomorrow	2
comin to the wwe show nov th .could you sign my new seth rollins tshirt if not i ll get on you ! thefuture	1
good luck to all the people taking the ogt s tomorrow ! stayfocus eatup	1
beyonce nicki and miley are gonna be at the vmas tomorrow but i bet you she ll stay with nick or like pharrell if you dare	0
tell me if th can be used for gay marriage then why wasn t it used for	2
haha the thing is good sir tomorrow caitlyn jenner will be a woman but you will still be an idiot . 	2
tom brady will join us tuesday morning . i would expect around but the time has not been confirmed .	0
we go to the rd tied at one thanks to kris bryant s solo homer	1
one week in cincinnati on tuesday july st the day ohio governor john kasich announced his bid for the whi . . .	0
according to media it may or may not be bad if kanye west did run for president . we ve had entertainers participate before .	0
im really about to see travis garland and janet jackson in the same week in october . . sometimes my life is blissful .	1
may you fly on eagles wings frank gifford . rip	0
i told brionna sierra my sister n lexus we all corny lbs lexus was first thoo i was nd just movn now tho so idc lbs	0
hi ben hope to see you in seattle in october ! i m moving there from ireland . yay !	1
is kanye west really going to run for president ? i m afraid idiocracy may become a reality sooner than we d hoped . . .	2
of course u c you get a th guy in there who says he likes that real heavy stuff like iron maiden and judas priest man yeah . 	0
the anaheim ducks are interested in sam gagner of the edmonton oilers . could be part of a trade for the ducks st round pick	0
watching naruto shippuden at work cause it s friday and i don t care .	1
may israel obey the ten commandments one day ? no israel thinks it is above god or justice .	2
i can t describe what watching david wright homer in his st ab just felt like . on the captain s return mets	1
dang it i still need to make a folder of all my favorite pics of naruto yibo and bambam . . . i ll do it tomorrow while finishing jail .	1
nfl commissioner roger goodell says he may cancel the pro bowl would you care if there was no pro bowl ?	2
ufc has done it again stacked their deck to the gills amp unfortunately robbie lawler is the st to have to bow out . ufc gets rousey .	0
as powerful as i believe the internet to be i m sure i shall find the star trek beyond trailer b star wars day this thursday !	1
they figure they better get it all in tonight cause of verlander tomorrow ? is that it ? indians	1
the covers of the penguin lantern classics are brilliant . love the feel .content is good too ! signing tomorrow westfield parramatta at am .	1
well . . . it looks like resident evil may divided gamer like operation raccoon city did . oh well shit happens .	2
over critical of fleetwood mac he may have been a little bias and edited some things out . . . just a theory d	2
so proud of the ladies from my family group from kremlin today who placed rd at the j high state cross country meet ! so proud of ya ladies !	1
it appears that kane is scheduled to return to wwe on monday . what he ll be doing i have no idea . but my gut is . . .	0
the nd one chris brown was performing with big sean i was picked to go on stage then i ended up being cbs wife brentley was his ! hah	0
madison bumgarner strikes out kris bryant swinging as the cubs go down in order in the top of the rd	0
zumba fitness classes in erdington every wednesday zumba is for everyone ! loaded with red hot dance steps u c lati . .	1
sooo i ll be seeing thomas rhett tomorrow night . eric church the following night	1
 vote urdayumself comedy show w tomorrow the houston improv pm . free show ! get register vote or pledge vote to enter .	1
i may throw the illest fade route . . . .i should enter the nfl combine u c lol	0
matt cain just got his own day in sf . every june th is now matt cain day . that s pretty dope ! mattcain sfgiants	1
prime minister launched swachh bharat campaign in new delhi on october the occasion of th birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi .	0
convenient location to the georgia dome this is our nd time staying at the omni at cnn and both times we wer . . .	0
i ve never had dunkin donuts coffee . what s the hype ? i might find out tomorrow even though i know i ll regret it .	0
i think thurs is good news u c though . back with rock u c parks and rec where it fits in u c and not fri death knell .	1
i need to be in east york all day tomorrow .	0
we nailed the trifecta at belmont today for u c . in the th race ! check it out 	1
british social attitudes of ukip supporters believe there is one law for the rich and one for the poor 	0
was challenged to name the wrestler on quizup and i read it as weather . was very confuse when the st quest included a pic of john cena	0
paul dunne shares theopen lead after holes . if it holds would be st amateur to do so since bobby jones .	0
well make sure they are good then we be gucci i may have one	1
don t miss splash dance the nighttime pool party tomorrow w ! !	1
totally curious with dream high . . wanna watch this drama asap ! wanna compare it with the st one . . still theres a loooooooong holiday y 	0
messi scored with his th touch like omg ! like it s not fair .	1
do you have info for the vamps in brussels tomorrow ?	0
it s why i love tennis . one minute looks like murray is down and out . next minute anything is possible ! c mon	1
zayn and justin are both working in the studio . what if they re planning a secret collab ? the world may never know ! stay tuned . . .	1
purim u s dancer runs in the th today . the local goat must be wishing her good luck	1
bears suffer a loss at sdsu tonight next up no . ucla on sunday in los angeles gobears	2
federer beats murray to reach cincytennis final . he ll be going for his th title vs novak djokovic who is going for his first	1
on tuesday we are playing in st .albans at a cheeky little venue called the horn . if you re local then come out and support new noise x	1
head over to hulu start watching the first bit of the finder . you u ll see the fox logo bump u c then it says it airs fri c on usa .	0
okay imagine dustin johnson s choke on the th green at chambers bay . now move his ball from feet to two . . .	0
mashed out to niggas in paris in the club while in paris . . . as cliche as it may sound . weouthere	0
may i have rob pattinson with a side of daniel radcliffe ? ? ? please	1
jacob has a teacher work day tomorrow u c he asked to come to work with me to make sure i get my work done . really . . .	0
dam tor and laa play friday . david price is on the mound . gotta get back to yuma thou !shhiitttyyy	0
who will be evicted . steve or johnny mac . find out tomorrow at c . and who will return to the game ? find out on big brother ! bb 	0
how in the world do you go the nfl combine knowing u have a chance to be st rd pick test positive for marijuana ? reallystupid	2
tip to apple ceo u may want to stop outsourcing your mapping apps to china . while ur it how bout bring all those manufacturing jobs back .	0
fair enough . unrelated think i may go see ant man again tomorrow if you re interested .	1
fluke u s famous for something said about here u c not anything she did . weird they had her scheduled to speak in the st place .	1
kendrick may be the best rapper ever tho lol . flow lyrical content . the whole yards .	1
i wish mani shankar aiyar commit suicide tonight to meet yakub tomorrow in hell	2
br wednesday u c natchitoches thursday u c fort worth friday it u s been real u c but ready to get back to the flats homestretch	0
lol all the people on the facebook live chat on rock im park are real idiot s . i explain them that evanscence have performed on friday . . .	2
anyone got peeps at harvard ? going to hear jonathan kozol speak tomorrow . hoping they allow motorscooters at the bike racks ?	0
hugh hewitt show donald trump and carly fiorina give contrasting interviews on september th at the ronald . . .	0
also being reissued october nd is paul mccartney s album pipes of peace ! like the reissued tug of war . . .	0
it s hard to see zayn up there bc he look like the sun zayngetofftheroof	0
starting to make our wicker lanterns today for the bemmy winter lantern parade ion th dec get involved free public workshops at acta	0
i can feel the sun whenever you re near every time you touch me i just melt away mtvstars lady gaga	1
didn t ipoop just came out with rd gen ijunk not to long ago ? why the th ? ? ? cuz they can not compete with samsung asus nexes . . . . 	2
a few days ago said ice cube may be the bet rapper lyrically i m starting to agree	1
hitting fair lakes chipoltle u c franklin farm u c fairfax corner u c and the one down tomorrow	0
only more days of spirit week left ! tomorrow in preparation for the new movie star wars day !	1
shout out to my boy who fights tomorrow night on the las vegas rfa card . he u s put in the work so i don u t need to wish him luck .	1
the brouis baby may be rotting in briana s womb by now . somebody should check it before someone finds out the pregnancy thing is fake . . oops	2
fabio capello russia u s head coach wishes cristiano u s injury was more serious . russia will play against portugal tomorrow in the wcq 	2
what s good this thursday ? tbt to nicki and miley s heated exchange at the vmas ! mileywhatsgood 	0
i have to be up by tomorrow for the rose parade thingy u c the band is playing in it . i don u t even like marching !	2
may the best of your today be the worse off your tomorrow jay z	1
kris bryant s st home run on the season gives the cubs an early lead !	1
hillary that was a mistake . i m sorry about that . going to need a complete script rewrite .	0
coach quesada at st getting a little air time on mlb network with some guy named david wright . . . . ! flcbaseball	0
at least i u m going to eastern tomorrow . livonia can scratch my balls .	2
fuck my bets and potential winnings ! ! i want paul dunne to win this ! c mon paul ! ! theopen 	1
good we too love you back came monday night raw soon fan john cena boy friend along miss love	1
hundreds of malaysia s lawyers and their supporters on thursday october marched on parliament demanding the government honours its t . . .	0
ni as in paris . may be better than the original . via	1
i don t play the role of the victim unlike your precious blm who march iran riot loot amp break more laws for criminals .	2
retweet if you want the rd world invasion of muslims and mexicans into usa stopped amp mass deportations !	0
new wish time . he meets harry liam niall and louis and his surgery goes well	1
rt wow you re the reason why topics trended worldwide today . someone ought to be a happy little owl bunny toniiiight !	1
is finally catching up to me with dexter . i m only up to season but he has almost finished season today home ill .	0
john cena is a joke please hurry to retire and while you re at it take your little kardashian girlfriend with u	2
yeah i know it s sunday delivery amp whatnot and who else does that ? ! but my amazon prime package is and a half hours late . . . so far . . .	2
glad he got to see his family iran should be ashamed for unjustly imprisoning one of its citizens for this long .	0
a few sandusky costumes may have been in poor taste today u c but the old joe pa statue in happy valley was legit .	2
kanye west was honored in a big way during sunday night s mtv video music awards by receiving the michael jackso . . .	1
just another reason to love amy schumer and here s a piece on the calendar . .	1
hi can you confirm that there will be extra services from milton keynes to london after foo fighters concert on sat ?	0
 about an hour later thor emerged from his slumber fully energized . he did not wish to wake jane so he quietly sat on the 	0
don t forget free yoga at our clarendon location tomorrow at am ! enjoy a class with one of our staff members .	1
hey wapo it s not a gay marriage license it s just a plain old marriage license 	0
chasing the northern lights by alan tan . nice article and photo in yest straits times oct page c .	1
sat in the dark listening to twilight sad . really really upsetting	2
that s right it is thursday night . come to boots amp slurs and let david price and hollie king make you favorite . . .	0
tuesday is a great day at love life hot yoga with great classes to choose from ! breathe . move . sweat . at . . .	1
davis love and tiger woods challenging on a sunday . . .is it the s ?	0
ant man was ok . loved the action first hour dull nd hour great villain was actually a good villain .	1
i m gonna to see you in milan in november . i cannot wait	1
tight race in the fans choice player of the week w wesleyan and brookwood players . last chance to vote 	0
the spurs beat the thunder to win their nd in a row in the nba . t .duncan with points and rebounds for san antonio . nba	1
making plans to go away for my th is proving more difficult than i first thought . why does it fall on valentine s weekend and half term ?	0
harper lee s go set a watchman comes out tomorrow i just want to call into work so i can read it all day .	1
 horseracing breeders u cup will be televised saturday for the first time in prime time ! you won u t want to miss it pm edt on nbc .	0
finally got my ticket sweetsweetfantasytour in milan ! ! ! ! can t believe i ll see u the st time will u take some selfies ?	1
this guy so much like bruno mars u c it u s crazy . he may be his long lost twin .	0
me jun i have a secret . . . jun what is it ? ! me well i m actually . . .john cena ! jun oh my gawd . . .	1
at the ready . as much as it hurts me to say this but the gunners at to beat united tomorrow can i not bet it being united	0
good luck on the dirt lvms from the selby family	1
 the highest any human has ever gone . keith richards may have something to say about that . redbullstratos	0
nia reportedly found material suggesting that an abandoned madrasa may have been used as a hub to make bombs exported to bangladesh .	0
the best cgi in ant man isn t the ant scenes . it s that st scene with michael douglas face . smhowzow	1
guys can we kill the john cena meme please . i see enough of him on monday nights .	0
get the new frequency the phone you have now may not work on their lte network anymore . but hspa is always the same .	2
ye olde war mongerer tony blair is back . this is your fault you prick ! fuckoffblair warcriminal parisattacks	2
does anyone want to come and see paul mccartney with me in october ?	0
he bet me bucks the lions would make the superbowl u c and he also thinks the superbowl is on monday	0
as long as tomorrow is national hot dog day and saturday is national bbq day	1
live sunderland v newcastle it may not have the glamour of el clasico or the title implications of the manches . . .	2
caitlyn jenner and her ex wife kris jenner have reportedly been feuding over everything under the sun teamfollower follow ifollowback	0
miguel sano hit his th homer wednesday off the white sox s carlos rodon . twins	1
ordered my back pack off of amazon weeks ago and it turns out they lost my package and school starts tomorrow sick	2
i ve heard good things about bianchi this season and bellusci was good on saturday	1
can you imagine a night under the sun in takoradi for a digital and analog games night for christians and all ? . . .	0
the sentence for inciting violence on the internet is death by drone . david cameron just told us so .	2
david price rolls up the rim sunday and a win for the jays welcome to canada david .	1
what s your point ruth ? or is this just another jab at snp to distract us from tory extremists ?	0
and the people animals at cuba as well !	0
no . but then neither of them were believed by everybody under the sun to be the head of the ira as well	0
 cena and sting stare from the ramp at triple h and seth rollins was really a closing to monday night raw y all . that happened . raw	1
i am just unbelievably excited to be leaving tomorrow for green bay . like disney world and a caribbean vacation rolled into one . lol	1
kind of excited to get back to the home state when we race with the outlaws on september st at eldora speedway !	1
jennifer hudson u c others perform at whitney houston tribute just before the grammys in february . . . fashion style	0
zayn just may be in london . spending time with the fam before he makes the move to la	0
i got do when i u m in yearbook room so send it like tomorrow .	0
can paul dunne get it done on monday ?	0
star wars weekends may be over but the carbon freeze me experience is still open through june !	0
my whole timeline is the osu vt game and i actually know what s going on cuz shawn has sat me down to watch it 	0
what s wrong with society ? what s wrong is people like you . ignorant . i m disgusted . kanye west may be unqualified 	2
i used to have the dopest bob marley shirt for tomorrow but now it s gone 	2
the results from the gingerbread house are . . . . st curtis nd rothemere rd squires come see us to claim prizes !	1
ive got st unit bk rostu maggette cv gmonroe nd unit bynum daye tay jerebko drummond i hope jr watchez the pistons stickz w em sum .	0
had a dream frank ocean dropped a dope ass minute free style then answered his album was dropping november st . hope it aint that far .	0
sumlin says he put kyler murray in for kyle allen during st half as a change of pace quarterback . that pace fast . murray has some wheels	0
in the dark bonus tracks digipak by grateful dead cd apr rhino . . .	0
today is the day i never thought would come . happy star wars day everyone and may the	1
i guess with dj it s a sunday thing and not a final round thing and paul dunne ? are you kidding me ? openchampionship	2
heads up an important change to amazon prime effective august will limit how you can share free p . . .	2
mallshow with the pbbunlimited big wendy u c divine u c deniesse at pacific mall legaspi landco plaza u c april u c pm ! 	1
regardless of what he may say a former boxer smashing ufc s biggest star last night was dana white s worst nightmare	2
ellen returns with new season tuesday interviews caitlyn jenner . watch preview 	0
morning everybody weather s great and i hope you all enjoy this tuesday . as u would say . . . .	1
 kerryvdublin it is ! ! make sure to support the kerry team with our great fundraiser this friday ! kerryforthedouble happy saturday !	1
i want to trade an ant man fig for this yellowjacket . all from june box . tweet if interested	1
murray seals the nd set usopen usopen easy	0
liam playing a five string bass you may as well fuck my ass	2
chelsea football club may have players out on loan but the number of juventus loanees dwarfs that number . . .	0
thursday u s just won u t be the same without waterloo road	2
vronsky in the philippines ? banana karenina banished o u trivia to siberia last monday night at red lion tavern !	0
some anonymous number sent me a group message about a party on hedley tomorrow lol	1
another fascinating friday fact the us president s residence the white house has bathrooms spoitforchoice	0
finally finished my presentation for tomorrow . before midnight and without the aid of red bull . so grown up of me .	1
of course i u m not home when my team in town knicks vs celtics preseason game in albany this saturday . . . .who going ? ? 	2
stoke will make a january move for blackburn u s martin olsson and newcastle are fighting napoli and roma for rive . . .	0
don t forget to stop in tomorrow night for a chance to win tickets to the jason aldean concert august rd . for . . .	0
looking forward to spinning the legs out tomorrow . check out the profile of the bike course from ironman wales .	1
watch triscygaming with me on twitch ! get in on this cast for some monster hunter ! mon hun sun son !	1
i m thinking the same thing . they may try it like they did ucla .	0
you know you re officially into kpop when you spend your saturday watching the documentaries in between homework lol	1
ed sheeran s coming to dallas tomorrow and i m missing it again and i m sad so let s not talk about it k	1
aaron sanchez replaces david price on the mound in the bottom of the th inning .	0
i won t be able to watch one direction at the apple music on the nd because of the sam smith concert and some things at school i m sad	2
caitlyn jenner may face manslaughter charges in fatal crash or as she called it womanslaughter .	2
 skatenight tonight pm stardust skate center free b pm hosted by saab its always fun when you rolling ! ! ! haha x 	1
not ! ! ! hopefully big brother will kick you vanessa liz and julia out before thurs cause you all have plans to split the money !	2
 . . which they won t do as they are facing a transfer ban akin to barca . even de gea going january misses the cl .	0
rt two democrats face recalls in wisconsin tonight 	0
the way they are chessing donald trump you would have thought that to race was tomorrow .	0
it may be indian time tonite becky xx	0
i m taking my uncle to lax tomorrow and can t decide if i want to go there or dunkin donuts after i trip him off lol .	0
i liked the th sentence about the la galaxy where david beckham was put out to grass . . . 	0
coming to greenville tomorrow for my last few days in sc u c then it u s west coast shawwty	0
murray gets a warning for racquet abuse then proceeds to give his racquet to someone in the crowd . anderson breaks back for in the rd .	0
is she on the people u s choice ballot ? i u ve only looked at castle categories . but may have to venture out . . .	0
rip me . i m going to be so tired tomorrow plus how will i be able to think of anything else when camila and niall did a thing	2
take that wrap togo this sunday for the st . patrick s day parade on howe street am	0
good luck and lots of energy to who is competing in the ironman wales this sunday ! ! come on chris !	1
carly fiorina isn t the st person xpose hillaryclinton as corrupt liar but it seems the press only cares give a women any pc coverage	2
how to play the okeechobee music festival in march with mumford amp sons kendrick lamar and more via	0
excited for a day off tomorrow to celebrate and enjoy the san diego county fair ! what s more merican than a county fair and fried butter ?	1
lil trip will be performing next week july th with live at the fairground in nashville u c tn	0
super saturday is on tomorrow at westfield parramatta . one day to grab some pre christmas bargins . for one day . . .	1
by nigeria is predicted to become third most populous country in the world . boko haram may also become a grave threat to world .	2
excited for fri not so i can get smashed but so i can go to the garden centre look at the xmas display and have a coffee wtf grannyalert	1
i like it when a celebrity that s crap at cooking goes on saturday kitchen . chris evans looks like he s never used a whisk in his life .	2
taken comes out friday and the afghans will have it saturday guaranteed	0
which idol group is the best in kpop ? exo or bigbang ? via chuutalk c mon vip vote for bigbang	0
will never but the sun jo u c never ! even for a guaranteed date with dave grohl ! ! ! even then ! ! !	2
my name s ashton amp i am a male i may be trans but that doesn t make me any less manly than john cena or the rock i go by he him or they them	0
new on ebay !star wars in the usa star wars th anniversary saga legends r d figure	1
hope to see you tomorrow night ! come to farmington hills mi to learn about our agency ownership venture entrepreneurs	1
gary barlow wayne rooney sir alex ferguson lionel messi james arthur geordie shore cast ant and dec emile sande and the rest	0
photo that moment on saturday night when you realize that hannibal is over .	0
i want some dunkin tomorrow morning	1
sunday marks the end of daylight saving time . remember to turn your clocks back one hour before going to sleep . . .	0
big ups sl ! ! ! copped the . gucci s missed out friday ! ! !	0
brief clearwire says has enough funding to last it until end q oct reuters clearwire corp say . . .	1
thanks for the s o ! be sure to check out our free pizza promotion tomorrow with a purchase of or more ! see you soon kyle	1
so mummy wants to go hat yai during the christmas period together w aunt . but my holiday starts on dec i think . mmm	0
boko haram have strengthened their ties with islamic state group . may god keep us in this country	0
if you have moto g rd gen guess what you can have airtel g ! tweet using getairtel g for a free sim home delivery . !	1
remember when you said gasquet will be out before monday ? m murray is getting knocked out before him .	0
just saw the trailer for rounds with dean ambrose . yeah that september th is going to be good .	1
my team is pretty straight on both leagues . on the nd league my first are nash u c paul george u c melo u c randolph bynum .	0
thursday s top stories including the latest in the lawsuit against rolling stone and sabrina erdely	0
 uva wide receiver tim smith says he ll be able to play in saturday s game against nc state .	0
jackals goal ! jimmy martin sneaks a rebound past killeen to give elmira a lead . bushee bellamy with the assists . left nd period	0
naruto is the th nakama and would be the last strawhat crew . just my opinion . sorry .	0
good finish from kane may not rate him that highly but he still scores	0
one word download ! ! ! ! ! you and your girlfriend u c sat watching rammstein u c you know you want to . you can do it	0
 mlb run line banger and two bonus plays !perfect nfl record on the line tonight with a mnf steam move lllinkkk	1
beyonce followers want the obama administration to make her birthday a national holiday !	1
its thursday ! and that means we re starting mysts of albion . campaign packs at the ready guys and if you . . .	0
tomorrow anti iran show beck the crazy messianic nut job trump the fascist reality show fascist . panderer cruz and quitter palin . wow	2
btw yakub was a good terrorist ! ! may he never rest in peace . .	2
watch nicki call miley out . watch miley s reaction . watch rebel s whoa in the background . c mon buzzfeed . let us collectively get a life .	0
hey hey hey . . . my vagina is pretty fucking special ! mine bedazzled and shit . . . it sparkles like a twilight vampire in the sun !	0
sltrib s published this years st class a state ranking sons of thor keep up the excellent work !	1
war mongering ahmadchalabi bit the dust but tony blair roams the earth stirring trouble like there s no tomorrow	2
columbus friends are any of you willing to go see the sharknado premier with me tomorrow night ? actual party downtown not a theatre !	0
they won la liga in and got to euro final in . they were nd best team in world . milan were just the best .	1
jets flying low over the house this morning . gives me a tingle of excitement . only a week to go before i take off . but now out in cold .	1
i hope i can go to dunkin tomorrow bc it s the only thing that ll keep me awake alive	0
the paul mccartney concert may have sold out but the ringo starr concert is free if you buy or more little debbie snack cakes .	0
tuned in to the th quarter of the knicks vs heat game	0
that s funny . i thought tony blair did a deal with ira sinn fein on good friday !	0
one of these days the sun is gonna come out again . . . grey u c rainy u c cloudy day after day in tdot toronto	0
retweeted gamespot praise the sun ! breaks down the lore of dark souls today on in . . .	0
federal reserve sticks with stimulus the federal reserve made no major policy changes wednesday deciding to st . . .	0
quick question has anyone seen or heard of dustin johnson recently ? he was last seen at the beginning of friday s second round . bbcgolf	0
dad s going to hat yai tomorrow . waaaaa . cant see him for the next days . hmm .	2
just talked to dan dierdorf about the death of frank gifford his former monday night football broadcast partner i wasn t expecting it . 	1
since everyone has made the comparison i think dean ambrose should wear a hot rod shirt on monday night raw	0
can t wait ! tomorrow apple will be hosting its keynote announcing the new iphone ipad pro and apple tv .	1
this may be more of an apple revival meeting than a press conference . this is the employee registration line .	0
terry bolea may be racist but i refuse to believe the hulk hogan is anything but a true american hero brother	2
 pledge that the rnc is trying to force u sign has nothing to do with what they say they don t want u run rd party	0
i ll be sending off summer and hannibal tomorrow . it ll be a bittersweet day .	1
buses to replace train services on sunday as fans flock to the national bowl to see foo fighters onemk	1
got the nd season of downton abbey from the library . . .so ashamed about the girly side of me coming out u c had to schedule a new tattoo	2
now i m going to sleep in italy and already night so i go to bed and tomorrow morning i want to see justin is following you	1
please help ! love my holster bought feb u at wppi but it u s frayed in many places . urgent need for help b oct wedding ta	0
fashion pics from the yellow carpet of the headies awards held on saturday at eko hotel victori . . .	0
anyone want to buy some zac brown band tickets for sept ?	0
as sep is international talk like a pirate day amp sep is international peace day maybe sep could become international irony day ?	0
final in boys basketball here at lincoln . splitters control the nd half and beat milan . splitterpride	1
well it was fun while it lasted . . . the struggling tiger woods is back ! what to do with the rest of my sunday ?	0
check out some recently tagged photos of art from the san diego county fair del mar fairgrounds all thanks to . . .	0
that could be the turning point in the series . not just the game . . . . . .the series . with verlander pitching thursday . . . . .	1
noooo not yet . we had a birthday date night last night . plus i watch it on hulu which means no hannibal until sunday 	2
i m sad about going into th year so i m watching john cena videos and it s helping so much	0
our professor moved our test back to tuesday u c and brought candy ! ? damn u c she must really love us . thanks u c vanessa ! tequiero	1
yoga with shannon tomorrow morning am ! ! ! get your work out in before your day starts ! please use the door with the ramp ! 	0
wow . tiger fires a but not good enough . nick watney shoots a if he birdies the th ? ! ? sick	2
then it goes to show that all you do is run your mouth but you can t ever come to our faces come to allderdice tomorrow bitch	2
will be watching celebrity big brother on thursday purely for the inclusion of bobby davro who i ve admired for years . celebritybigbrother	1
perfect little planet u c the challenger learning center of tallahassee u s new planetarium show premieres tomorrow ! . . .	0
meet us on the high line nyc july raise awareness for bgdl and international women with alopecia month .	0
i can t wait to watch the news tomorrow last night the crazy ignorant over arrogant kanye west speaks out crazy as always abc broadcaster	0
just got done watching wwe monday night raw i m glad seth rollins stayed the champion randy orton came close of being the champion	1
it wasn t a fair fight it just proves that seth rollins can t win a title w o someone taking his opponent down st !	2
i d say i want to be like kurt cobain but i can t bear the thought of living till i m . blow my head off with a shotgun tomorrow .	2
force out at nd was the first out then the walk to harper then dp . yea terrible managing .	2
kris bryant s smile when he gets a homer could fuel the sun	1
so calibraska which be fully released on the th ! a whole week earlier aren t we lucky !	1
look out for my sharknado interview with and on tomorrow after pm uk time am us time fintastic	0
does anyone know if the sam smith concert in austin tx got moved from to tomorrow ? heard that it did but can t find it anywhere !	0
take care geddit to see a celebration of harold pinter at ip on sat aug with celebrated actor julian sands for tickets	1
shouts out to the atheists who every sunday rant about christians suddenly loving god on sundays .	0
lol what is my life i m wearing a kameez that was one of my eid outfits in the th grade w a gharara from th grade	1
i won the nd star in my mclaren c in csrracing raceyourfriends . download free ! ez	1
read all about defending his wbo title at the staples center in la on november boxing	0
the gop field is almost complete after ohio governor john kasich became the th major candidate to announce . . .	0
the latest edition of the satirical magazine charlie hebdo was revealed on press stands across france on wednesday .	0
do u follow dj ? u should u c he u s great u c daily songs .today was at last u cetta james . th time youtube .wow !	1
i sat down at ihop ready to order dom amp joyce weren t ready and i said ya know we all can t live life in the fast line 	0
summerslam preview coming fri . only announced matches even tho there will be or . very odd . will make for brief preview !	0
craft beer kick ass food nirvana . next thursday join us for the highly anticipated jolly pumpkin beer dinner . . . .	1
okay time to attempt the zelda i s nd dungeon square ! an a rank will net me a heart container for ruto .	1
ha ha yeah you u re right ! well forget pires u c mulleady on saturday at kilbeggan is the next sure thing ! lol if she runs of course .	1
ahm this does not excuse muslims killing millions all over the world though . don t get excited	2
just heard that jackets falcons joe biden all doing things around pm on thursday is gonna make traffic hellish ! ! ! ! fun ! ! ! !	0
nominations are now open for the citizen of the year awards held on australia day . three categories . close nov . see 	0
the bookstore is packed with students buying warm wvu gear for the game this saturday ! section 	0
i live in ohio let me say no just no . gov . john kasich is th notable entry into gop race news ohio	0
i am lmbo at curtis you re married he s straight oh my goodness that is good tv priceless	1
centre suffering from u policy paralysis u u c alleges jayalalithaa jayalalithaa on tuesday charged the upa governme . . .	2
spring colors week wednesday pink this is a small chapel next to the main cathedral in cuernavaca mexico . i . . .	0
may th is the day i see the love of my life justin bieber	1
lol i been in oz months now on my th final stint . love it but do miss london prob coz i can t get d emirates no more . afc	1
my fav time of day is after the sun goes down but it s still kinda light out and the sky is a nice blue purple . twilight .	1
to be continued in rise of the john cena stans coming to theatres near you october rd 	0
she u s invited . and ash may not go because of her . and i want ash to be there because his ae helped mine through some stuff . .	2
following monday s on sale paul mccartney tickets averaging over on secondary market monday was just an . . .	0
he s a handsome devil isn t he ? catch him in ant man screening for the last time tomorrow !	1
 nd night going to sleep with this girl on skype lol 	0
buy go set a watchman tomorrow guys it s a big deal	1
your attempts to still drag justin flopped harder than your fave s career will flop after justin releases his album on november the th .	0
get on down to ab field in albion tomorrow for the qld v nsw shield match starting at am . promises to be a cracker ! bulls	0
arbeloa thanks to my friends for the inviting to hopefully on may we meet in milan ! 	1
i now declare today star wars day may the box office records be ever in your favor	1
even david bowie is getting in on it check out the persian sound in the nd half unitedcoloursofcroydon	1
spurs win the opener ! ! ! n .o . gave them a good fight u c awesome th qtr !	1
it says on wiki that the ep will now air on the th u c no links at the moment for it .	0
with veteran day sun i want you to thank all the military people . we have the best son that gave over years at . . .	1
anybody going back to melaka tomorrow ? can i get a lift please ?	0
now makes it sound like tate fighting rousey twice is a news flash ! he already announced their rd fight senile ?	0
your war bombing zones lets loose psychopaths on the world some of whom may attack you back . look at the ira it started out not that bad	2
i d love to see y all . will you all be in town for sxsw in march ?	1
not gonna lie journey to the mysterious island may be a kid movie but i think its pretty fuckin funny	1
russian air crash kills almost all of khl team pavol demitra karlis skrastins ruslan salei brad mccrimmon among the dead may they all rip	2
some random man just sat next to me on the bus and told me i had skin cancer . wtf ? ! good old oldham ! !	2
oh hahaha faham faham . agaklah kalau compare dengan nexus ? is it still worth it to go for moto g rd gen ? kau rasa ?	0
my amazon package was supposed to be delivered today by pm . guess that means i ll get it tomorrow before pm ?	2
sun sea greek yoghurt giros pita tzatziki even a female bartender . my day would be perfect ! ps . could do without hillary	1
winner our train station at glossop has just been awarded st in best station development category at national award ceremony . teamwork	1
on saturday peeps will be saying the same thing about foo fighters	0
brock lesnar live in studio with mike and mike tomorrow is actually interesting to me . although the interview won t be . . .	1
europe aa prices may firm on asian supply u c but not in q buyers london icis buyers in the european a . . . icis	0
so iphone th generation has models plus and s . if i can wait it out i ll get the .	1
lakh of cases r pending in supreme court even than yakub s case being heard th time today as if there no work in court .public want answer	2
 iran iran men march into final in the end india s soft touch wasn t enough to st . . . 	0
omg ! look like it u s gonna be very hot in gampel on sunday . . . xd	1
according to billboard sorry is the th best song of the year . videomtv justin bieber	1
asu pajamas or northglenn pajamas tomorrow ? trust me its harder than you think .	2
up to soldiers sealed off the andersonstown area belfast and searched for ira suspects and weapons nov 	2
 update liam and niall teased the crowd in ottawa about one direction s th album ! . . 	0
 st half of hannity rage at the supreme court for outlawing jesus with its gay marriage decision . nd half kissing ted olson s ass .	2
why gop mitt romney need a new jack kemp in the new tac	0
my miami heat are going to demolish the new york knicks tomorrow . i am from new york . but sorry knicks ! !	1
boy does have u covered for sun shows carly fiorina promises to cut federal jobs just like she did at hp	0
samsung galaxy s edge plus could be available on august samsung is scheduled to announce the galaxy note . . .	1
 hulu video game trailers launch trailer check out the launch trailer for mass effect . added fri oct . . .	0
saw that dustin johnson had the long drive friday just a little over yds at . go after that bubba !	0
spent the last hour listening to van halen can t believe i ve not listened before ! tomorrow it will be iron maiden . holiday tunes sorted .	1
owl dustin johnson always gets himself into contention . then goes on a coke binge come the saturday night and then totally blows up .	0
crucial ruling for thursday in ruto and sang icc case icc judges are set to issue a landmark ruling in the case . . .	0
happy friday folks tgif ! ! ! ! today the day to come on by ! ! ! also today the store is opening up at today sorry for inconvenience .	1
kapan sih lo ngebuktiin jan ngomong doang susah susah .usaha aja blm udh nyerah inget .if you never try you ll never know .cowok kok gentle bgt	2
indian air force may not go with israel a second time	2
after watching tiger woods the st holes today he is not going to win ! not looking tough !	0
and you have no xbox 	0
how can you hate on yolo . . . .please tell me how living your nd time is	2
kirk should be messaging you by tomorrow latest we u ve just been tryna brainstorm again .	0
rip frank gifford enjoyed many a monday night listening and watching u call the nfl	1
this doesn t feel like big brother but rather an episode of are you smarter than a th grader ? 	2
i want to watch the vow u c so guess whose gonna watch that tomorrow night u c .with tissues ? ! thiss girl 	0
the iran deal is working . you were wrong . deal with it .	0
i mean i m ok with watching randy orton and shia labeouf for nd period	1
you re cool as always cara cjd lt gonna watch paper towns this coming saturday . love you to the moon and back ! 	1
the safeco field roof is being closed as rangers open the th with back to back singles . runners on the corners for josh hamilton .	0
but who u s tryna make that move to the berkmar game against brookwood u c friday ?	0
zac brown band now occupy the rd and th positions on the billboard country album chart sam hunt still number one .	1
found here comes the sun by george harrison with shazam have a listen 	0
it may not be coming to the uk but here s what you re missing out on with the galaxy note 	0
tomorrow will mark a year since i saw shawn live for the first time	0
me pretends metlife isn t happening tonight or tomorrow night because i m not there 	0
valentine hs . have you seen these amusing niall horan images ? you may like 	1
why then should the world wonder the works of boko haram isis and alqueda alshabaab etc	0
what time is the country thunder ticket giveaway at dunkin donuts tomorrow ?	0
sounds premature . hope it s true boko haram has been decapitated chadian leader via	1
thank god bob gainey isnt the gm of monteal anymore . he probably would have tried to pick mario lemieux with the rd pick tsn nhldraft	1
dress up like hulk hogan on wweraw monday and then security will usher you to a room and make you watch themarine . wwe use your head .	2
and i never had a good time i sat by my bedside with papers u c poetry about estella . greatexpectations	2
bri and i are going to see paper towns tomorrow and my body is ready	1
i remember when i was at cadet camp once aye u cwat u sayin and we were watching a video and kasabian came on and i just sat singing	0
know what is event more exciting than the apple event today ? bit fest thursday amp friday ?	1
don t forget to check out the polish festival on roncesvalles this weekend we ll be screening polish shorts from pm sat sun !	1
tribe uses homers to set sale indians white sox the indians beat chris sale and the white sox mon . . .	0
t swift s bad blood playing in the bottom of the th at the giants dodgers game . must have been an accident . . .	0
of course it is but what s changed since may th ? lab need votes from ukip and tories to win ge . jc won t get those .	1
i miss kidrauhl u c proud of justin bieber . i love you today u c tomorrow and always .	1
you were asking about ps deals . here s some !	0
ask jenelle if i can use da car on da th den ill take you	0
with the super eagles coach sunday oliseh at the national stadium abuja . super eagles vs football college abuja 	0
if my queen is in the th place the queen must be in the first one mtvstars lady gaga	0
pretty little liars was the shit ! i can u t wait til tomorrow ! i wanna see who all innocent who got something to do with allison dying !	1
remember when soulja thought he was lil b then gucci then chief keef now he tryna be the th migo ctfuu	0
i reckon we ll get him next season ! zlatan for this year ! get the swagger in ! you going tomorrow ?	1
maybe i may design of the akita person s site in late fall . even if a planned stage i m glad related to tohoku in japan a little . ichigono	1
forget that new film everyone s talking about this is released tomorrow david bowie lazarus audio 	0
true . first is valid i have . nd is misguided . more likely to have it taken used against you u c or used ala trayvon martin	0
gay emojis just like what cam uses	0
front line with kamran shahid latest june 	0
my parents won t let me go to a demi lovato concert with my friend . also i have a hard test tomorrow and i m so stressed .	2
they put the instrumental for fourth of july by fall out boy in paper towns and i ve been looking for it since i watched it	0
happy valentine u s day is trending ? ? ? but . . . it u s not even february ?	2
zayn may be an asshole but he s cute and nice deep inside	0
jack welch and mort zuckerman are always on giving u wisdom u . isn u t their business style part of what made this mess in the st . leansix	2
lots of fun this weekend . we u re at the mardis gras casino friday night from to midnight . then on sunday . . .	1
i ve sat through five seasons of game of thrones and i still couldn t tell you a single characters name .	2
live stream of apple event requires lt long list of apple stuff gt or a pc with microsoft edge on windows .	1
chris just said he likes star wars more than me . if i wasn t so relaxed that may have been a big argument haha	0
 attn wrestlers still time to join this sunday u s seminar tryout . here u s the info 	0
you beat them in the san siro but terry henrys rd goal is world class . nevermindpires !	1
tomorrow is the th anniversary of elvis presley s death . i love you rest in peace .	1
at the md home and garden show stop by today and tomorrow . . . . they have a fun interactive home theater	1
steve jobs is my man of the century . years ago they were this close to bankruptcy . today apple is the most valuable company in d world	1
we are your friends had the th worst opening in history . from justin to kelly had the st perspective	0
floyd mayweather may be good at dodging punches but ronda rousey would beat the shit out of him .	0
wow . . may is national masturbation month is awesoomeee ! i got laid last night bc of it	1
chris rene live exclusive ! x factor may be about to start up its first live show of the s . . . celebrity gossip	0
just been informed that i m in the squad against the bolton wanderers international academy on monday . can t wait ! standard	1
right north london derby is on my birthday nov th u c now you all know what to get me for my birthday . arsenal	0
curtis good isn t good enough for the scottish nd division mate another terrible buy to go with all of the rest .	2
can t wait to see my best friend ! he comes back from welbeck tomorrow ! he is like a brother to me ! reunited friendshipgoals bruh	1
hanging with katie making fun of okc tropes . this is an awesome thursday night .	1
so it s th day of eid . . . still having busyness . .	1
cameron says the uk is prepared to veto the eu budget agi brussels oct david cameron said the uk is pre . . .	0
are they holding the davis cup semi at the us open ? ! v st round . later anderson wawrinka federer djokovic ?	0
i think it may have been subbed by bates . conor heffernan discusses the bizzare world of leeds united owner massimo cellini 	2
could there be anything better to listen to today ? george harrison here comes the sun . wintersolstice music	1
for everyone who lusted after my jurassic park jacket the original print its from is here	1
im just honestly sat here in awe at nicki haters . like legit how can you hate her for calling someone out for talking shit about her	0
 asiabrief kevin rudd calls for t shirt design to rival the kevin logo herald sun brisbane timeskevin rudd . . .	0
alan s upper room father may our hearts be filled with your love and your wisdom as we enter into this election . . .	1
 confirmed lali will be one of the two opening acts for katy perry s concert in argentina october rd !	0
last night i unfollowed anyone hating on kanye or nicki you may remove yourself from my life goodbye	2
hearing eric church may be at the kenny chesney concert at gilette saturday holy shitballs ! ! ! ! ! ! and we have insanely close seats yeahhh ! !	1
david wright went for with an rbi in innings at b tonight . this was likely his final rehab game before joining the mets on monday .	0
 house music fb jason vernau live set nightclub miami february th jason vernau is back with some swe . . .	0
thanks everybody for the bday wishes ! ! gonna have a big celebration tomorrow at ostend ! ! ! cherry moon retro . . .	1
the bbc is also in the midst of a major restructuring . they seem to have a more concrete plan than hubert s	0
first reviews of lincoln steven spielberg is the one to beat at the oscars herald sun 	0
i just fucked yo bitch in sum gucci flip flops	2
harris english u c a pgatour rookie u c playing in his first started his saturday by plunking a marshal on the head ouch	2
serious it nd while naruto still first of course !	0
miss america is coming to buffalo on october th at the theodore roosevelt museum and historical site from . . .	0
the great artist george harrison november . never played showy but always in service of the song .	1
 say we should take no refugees in uk mail on sunday poll . very similar number to the selfish sods who voted tory at last election .	0
my passion nhk announces hosts for the rd annual kohaku uta gassen chychytcuit on october th nhk . . .	0
blair may have been supported by the mps and his new won tory followers but not by traditional labour supporters	0
more headlining festival dates for rammstein u c this time it u s poland u s impact festival that takes place on the th . . .	0
you ain u t gone do shit tomorrow we gone see chicken shit	2
happy friday you crazy fucks ! ! ! long weekend ! ! ! week till the concert ! ! foo fighters best of you 	1
aja s treats for her friends tomorrow . the card says aja wishes you a ghoulishly good halloween .	1
welll im probably going to see justin bieber in october and except for that nothing much wbu ?	0
if you tuned into caitlyn jenner s reality series i am cait on e ! last night you may have see one of our . . .	0
 . paul dunne should rock shorts tomorrow because as an amateur he can . toursauce	1
 iras thursday spectacular this thursday only ira is offering off all hair services between the hours of . . .	0
hoping to mate going tuesday ! loads of us going to blackpool if u can get the pass on valentine s priorities	1
just remember i ll be picking out my new ipad for you to buy me tomorrow .	1
come party with us tomorrow night in naples maine at ricks cafe ! !	0
fashion tip for everyone at the derby tomorrow	0
 mlbfantasy ryan braun back remained out of the brewers lineup tuesday .	0
 unstoppable mt i can teach you the ways . i may be sidney crosby but you can be my james neal . both good looking .	1
pre practice odds and ends the raiders return to practice today after an off day sunday . the provisions set for . . .	0
hymn of the day katy perry last friday night t .g .i .f we are back tomorrow night for mixed group guest . . .	0
rams call timeout with left in the st . marshall pushes lead to 	0
 . o you who believe ! don t take the jews and the christians for friends they are friends of each other .	0
got a vibe that the mvc is going to be happy with ncaa pairings tomorrow . will get in and i u m starting to think wichita st will be .	1
join us tomorrow from . am to cheer on fundraisers abseiling down the jurys inn to support visually impaired people in derbyshire	1
i hope that you have sort of a clear image about islam and muslims . it may look a bit complicated but if you read you ll know	0
prince george joins the out campaign .	0
volunteer time ! remembrance service invitation mail out will be here at the christi center on thursday nov th . . .	0
i haven t talked to you since july th and all you can say is so do you like beyonce s new cd gtfo	2
it s women s day in manotick this saturday with off everything in store ! but . . . for our fb friends just . . .	1
needs to upgrade to windows then can do away with the mouse forever . oh that may not be right	1
i m thinking it s either some solo shit or that kendrick collab	2
endymion is responsible for the th q base update . here u s the preview of their thunderdome anthem . watch u c listen . . .	0
i wanted to see columbiana for my birthday but it comes out on the th rolls eyes guess ill go see it in clemson .	0
josh hamilton s go ahead rbi in the th opened up the floodgates as more runs were scored . texas rangers won over mariners . mlb	0
tomorrow i am going to enjoy every second from the concert because i really have no idea when i am seeing the vamps again	1
i m about to be an old lady soon and watch big brother with some sprite . may get frisky and have some soup .	0
yay ! may i recommend eating it by the spoonful while watching gilmore girls ?	1
from possessed nuns tonight to the twilight of the gods tomorrow . time for bed . good night bonne nuit bona nit gute nacht	0
zayn still looks ethereal the world is still revolving the sun still shines bright . nobody cares 	1
do you think david price will be a diamond on monday ? ?	0
kendrick lamar is king right now of the rap game . black friday stamped it .	1
so kenpom has nc state ranked th . if the pack finish the season ranked does gottfried keep his job ?	0
i u m pretty sure bill o u brien has gone for it on th down more in one season than paterno did his entire career .	0
drogba as reports suggest he is preferred to start u c if cannavaro has anything close to the game he had on friday then he takes this .	0
and we out . disney here we come . celebrating their th birthday in sunny florida with mickey and minnie .	1
 million jews just sat up and listened when seth rollins nasal voice rang out . raw	0
drew peterson is untouchable no more ! check out these movie photos before you watch on sun at c 	1
eastern men s lax hosting the mac championship on saturday be there ! ! !	0
lmao i ain even know chelsea in the rd grade	1
kpop is a whole music genre . it s actually very popular .you may not know what it is but tons of other people do	1
for second time u c eagles make stop and commit a penalty . pi on kendricks gives atl another st down . groundhog day lives .	0
hbo announced they received a pair of specials from bono and u that will air in a documentary in november . will you watch the u special ?	1
rip frank gifford . monday night football has never been the same without you . turnoutthelightsthepartysover	0
details about nc state s saturday exhibition against belmont abbey . game will start minutes after football .	0
cate blanchett may star in the new thor movie is nothing sacred anymore	0
did we all forget about kendrick s black friday track ? lawwwd	0
it s our rd birthday ! on . . we launched with support from cherie blair . here s what we ve done since 	1
dec st are you guys back from korea by that time ?	1
if i didnt have work at am tomorrow i really would man . bring your family to ihop tomorrow morning and illserve you	0
may i ask what u s so cool about a ap rocky ?	1
katy perry keeps effortlessly cool in flowing boho tie dye dress in nyc she may have sung about being a calif . . .	1
madonna may have helped paved the road for singers like rihanna u c katy perry u c gaga etc . . but rih owns that road now .	0
swear to god if sam smith s singing the new bond theme i shall cry . why ? just why would you do that ? i may be biased but er . .lana ! ? !	2
celebrity big brother starts tomorrow line up rumours theme and everything you need to know	0
the vamps will be at the xtrafactor itv at pm tomorrow ! make sure you tune in !	1
i think i go tomorrow . cuz im on my way to my dad first cuz i have no money to go to interlaken t .t i just hope hes there tomorow	2
this week is all about our show themes . today david bowie why david bowie never changed his name ! fall show sat !	0
oh its ok i follow a ton of updates from big brother so i will see it tomorrow	1
good luck to infinity u s iain veitch who competes in the taiwan ironman . on saturday	1
the pacing for the th harry potter movie was so ridiculously off and it ruined the entire movie .	2
from now on i ll try to be more sympathetic towards freemasons like jay z . when you come from nothing european culture may look like heaven .	1
thanksgiving leftovers loses its appear after the nd day . . . gotta find some otha shit to eat today .	2
the only thing that could be better than aaron samuels doing the jingle bell rock dance on dancing with the stars is if it was on october 	1
mascherano and messi who didn t start for arg against bol on friday are expected to start the friendly against mex on tuesday . via sport 	0
mani shankar aiyar is a dolt . but this video about the hijaab is from january after the charlie hebdo attack . at least check and then tweet .	2
can t wait to hear sam smith s song for the new film spectre tomorrow	1
monkey movie ayyyyyee ! rt going to see rise of the planet of the apes tonight with the family 	1
i looked like a little jacob from twilight in the th grade	1
lady gaga with brian may elton john kiss paul mccartney the rolling stones sting u bruce springsteen amp more !	0
prince george who celebrates his second birthday on tuesday july with his father the duke of cambridge	0
apple ceo apologizes for error ridden new map app apple ceo tim cook apologized friday for the company s erro . . .	1
good by quickly punched out !rt tippett saga turning more than th day wicket at the adelaide oval 	0
and only rahul gandhi knew about it in advance . seems he is smarter than we credit him for .	0
if anyone else seen it . i thought it was pretty stupid when doug baldwin was yelling at russell wilson during the game this sunday .	2
not every thing dear you already lose once . not to mention to a kpop group also . lol . and this will be you nd	0
on remembrance sunday my primary thought is of this very day in when the ira tried murder members of my family for daring to remember	2
if we get pace into the side and support kane more then things may turn out ok	0
cool tweet . im not ready for the david beckham cameo in this flick .	0
 nd time milan v spurs at the san siro zlatan equalise on mins disallowed	0
no thank god it died down tuesday morning u c i woke up and it was gone ! we just need to recover from it ! plus nj might have a	1
wing ace linked atletico madrid star cristian rodriguez is being linked with a january move t . . . youarefootball	0
july rd is national hot dog day . can you guess which mlb team charges the most for hot dogs ?	0
 muscle beach labor day find all of the coverage here of the muscle beach labor day held on september th in venice ca ! !	1
if real life was like amazon those of you who bought kobe as the goat may also like justin bieber super skinny jeans and vaseline	2
woo ! ! dude i thought it was tomorrow and i was like trippin but we gucci . . it was nice	1
 turkey reuters reporting that erdogan is calling for fresh parliamentary elections on nov st ahead of meeting with davutoglu tmrw .	0
when u go through lechlade tomorrow i ll be the one having the shoot out with the vicar !	1
jeremy corbyn poses national security threat says george osborne he certainly threatens the united kingdom of zion	2
looking forward to tonight s apple announcements . find out more	1
i m so excited for nash s new video tomorrow with skylynn	1
cardinals bullpen just did their best th inning kershaw impression .	1
excited for the mac championship tomorrow . i feel like i m playing in the game . eu lets get it done .	1
the name friday comes from freya the goddess of love and fertility . freya had two black cats who were a gift from thor god of thunder .	0
zionsville students did well on istep ! see the results and quotes from school superintendent scott robison in tomorrow u s paper !	1
rt tiger woods former caddie steve williams made about for his work with adam scott today . tiger woods new cadd . . .	0
i heard her say so on a radio interview think it was chris evans breakfast show friday a week or so back	1
job report to be released on friday by the kremlin u c aka u c bureau of labor statistics . get your conspiracy theories ready ! ! !	0
kendrick lamar getting all grammys on sunday would be the best birthday gift ever . . . . .	1
i m hoping to make my last few xmas presents tomorrow too make up bags made with summersville 	1
savior takes games in a row to force the nd set of grand finals . . can he go all the way and take out petraeus ! ? sc 	0
 rahulgandhi rahul gandhi ji present on the st plenary session of intuc at talkatora stadium new delhi .	0
fan walks with seth rollins on monday night raw via	0
heard the song i think this album is going to x better than uan btw tomorrow im coming to london wanna see you !	1
proof you re older now than st time you saw baby boom you think elizabeth shouldn t have been alone in that room and ooh nice sofa 	0
oppa you may have ur style like hoya oppa .dun worry u ceven now u cyou have a lot of fans u c like me ! !	1
omg bullet for my valentine are going to be on radio on monday night	0
life just isn u t the same when there is no pretty little liars on tuesday nights .	2
las vegas is my rd home and i u ll be there after the election but the wynn just lost my business after the bogus obama comments .	2
 of my love for the wwe comes from watching seth rollins get punched in the face . ready for monday night raw	1
i admire john kasich for saying his thoughts on a very controversial topic regardless of what negative feedback he may receive . gopdebate	1
what are you waiting for ? coming to milan on mar . tix still available !	0
 hlwd is leading the pack for a mariah carey ride tomorrow at ! grab a bike and end your weekend with a cardio party !	1
my mom already bought tickets and they are in the same section we sat at metlife and they were for both but i want floor seats	0
jurassic park for the rd time today wow how sad is that ?	0
murray now holds to love and he levels the th set at . pressure straight back on anderson . his longest match at the open usopen	1
for first time ever i can t wait to wake up at am on monday ! love the paul dunne story but pulling for theopenchampionship	1
the late frank gifford is the reason why i often say mundee night instead of monday night . 	0
i just got amazon prime last night and ordered a new mouse pad and it s gonna be here tomorrow woo	1
indeed i thought charlie hebdo attacks were the wirse in january but no yesterday night was even worse . .	2
was sat watching degrassi then came to the realisation that little things will be aired in a while .	0
bellucci played a great rd set but murray was just too good . he advances into week with a comfortable win teammurray usopen	1
haley laundrie represented lake mills in the miss usa pageant sunday . she is the first woman from the county to do so	1
hours to go for apple event here s the word on the streets were just hours away from apples september ev . . .	0
perseverance is failing times and succeeding the th . julie andrews	0
good morning ! next sunday sept th our yoga class starts with alex . am at our new cobblestone location . we . . .	1
the undertaker and brock lesnar going at it on monday night raw was unbelievable another reason why i am fan of professional wrestling .	1
show some bloody respect . google ? he may not be world class but you ll have been singing his praises a few seasons ago	2
howard dandy and frank gifford talking the nfl in the great somewhere tonight monday night .	1
 s move alert start your friday with a bang . . . no a boom baby boom is on family in min .	1
i think every friday im going to tweet yay degrassi tonight . getusedtoit	0
whatever clr you may give to pakistan it will shine . . . coz it is created in the name of allah and ideologically on islam . . .	0
jiujitsu tomorrow then ufc it s gonna be a great day i can already tell	1
ant man was good tho . and props to the guy who mention about the nd extra scene at the end of the movie you da real mvp .	1
talking google waffles with our very own mrs . mcdaniel on waffle wednesday ! curtises whywisd	1
i have just listed prince george of cambridge st birthday commemorative mug prince georg . . . for . via	0
i m going up mount snowdon in wales next saturday . got some proper walking shoes now . just hope it doesn t rain snow !	1
what a difference not having sterling on the pitch makes ! welbeck dragged wide st half the ox replaces sterling welbeck down middle goal	1
reasons to celebrate forcing the turnovers the game sunday between the new york giants and . . . nfl nyg giants	1
ice cube playing . . i just want another friday . that s it .	0
ohhh just realize something because of u . . my bday in on the th so that s means a supernatural episode for my bday !	1
alright u c just woke up u c about to go ball . open lobby tonight and tomorrow u c going to be going for crazy s ! cough desert eagle cough 	1
no problem ! boi you best be at rim tomorrow lol there is like no one going to rim . . and lol i really dont wanna go to school . .	2
interview with h m tomorrow at half . me nerves .	0
 nfl week odds the ravens a slight favorite on the road against the browns on sunday afternoon .	0
 st down bearcats . thank you louisville	1
final reminder all bae applications are due january st due to valentine s day being the th . late fee 	0
and come april all the celtic supporting wannabe ira heads who don t even know their own history will go on the . . .	2
in honor of july rd being national hot dog day the the nashville sun times has listed the best hot dogs in . . .	0
got tickets to jimmy fallon for friday going to see my boy donald trump baby ! ! ! ! !	1
anybody want to see ant man tomorrow ?	0
in occult code thor the representant of thursday s thunder means hort the outside lying horse . eva hors d oeuvre	0
be fair cde . it s like the way my arsenal will viciously fight any team that tries to come th . it s our spot .	0
church in pensacola does this sunday a year every yrs . service with u songs in place of hymns gospel songs .	0
jelly . mine won t be here until friday because amazon are tight with shipping dates .	2
hey bernie be ready to be attacked by chuck toad tomorrow on mtp and watch how he kisses john kasich ass !	2
all nicki said was what s good like c mon now we get it she a bad bitch ok	2
listen to the land but that is everyday . today in particular . . .great big beautiful tomorrow .	1
democrats defeat republicans in congressional baseball game tonight .	0
fiona is rd generation ira . very dangerous and highly trained . even jimmy knew he was outmatched . gemma was smart to be scared	2
when i would message you it said it too . idk why ! but this weekend i u m dropping it off u c ill try and go to rosedale tomorrow .	0
mr howard webb did a fantastic comback in chelsea match february with the help of two magic penalties of course . . .	1
could the u .s . have done more to contain the ebola virus ?	0
and i don t know about tgif . fridays are terrible . i m more of a tgis person . can it be saturday already ?	2
i m gonna go to the fair on saturday while everyone is at chris brown lol	2
going to go watch the paper towns movie tomorrow . excited ! have you guys seen it yet ? is it good ? i ve never read the book before .	1
 shaq morris narrowed his list to wichita state oral roberts . he will likely make a final decision mon . 	0
gay marriage fight in kentucky faces moment of truth tuesday the supreme court ruled against the county clerk . . .	0
always tired . tomorrow star wars day is going to be a looooonnngg day .	0
tomorrow is halloween and i u m going to be glass . something about justin beiber running into me or something . my boyfriend said to say that .	0
may god s love be stronger and longer than the bruises we ve collected from well meaning christians .	0
may i pause or not pause and call it brain surgery ? kim kardashian has more truthiness than dr .carson . reminds me of uncle joe	0
new galaxy note launching tomorrow . you can watch it live with	1
colombia beat el salvador friday in jersey so it s probably them . that s pretty cool . is james rodriguez there too ?	1
if you re not a sam smith fan you may want to miss the first few minutes of bond s spectre . . spectre bond samsmith	0
 forget the differences between the hindus and muslims and think of yourselves as indians 	0
 flexthursday ! ! dis thursday ! ! ! ! !wit crows nest we calln out da whol souf kum kick it wit pinkcity ! u c 	0
chilllllin like a villian ! orono bound tomorrow with the best to be with the best ! xoxoxo love cuddles	1
be looking for us this friday elon university for campus fest ! learn more about the loft and check out how you can win the new kindle fire	0
hi may i ask what are the requirements needed for the iphone s under plan ?	0
when nicki came into the game bey was working on her th solo album after selling millions so for nicki to share the same stage is a lot	1
surprised sharleen spiteri on tfi friday since she wrote say what you want about chris evans fancying her !	1
maybe if eamon collins who testified against slab wasn t killed by the ira u could try slab using a jury court	2
at least in the streaming sense me thinks . . . i may then do ps recorded sessions . . . perhaps even edit them . . . .	0
hmmm . . .november th is not a good day for melody . monteverdi donizetti and george harrison all died on this day a few years apart true .	2
if you think nicki s ass is more than th real you are fuuucked	2
if the nhl lockout ended u c preds would have road games st week in october st . louis oct nd wash . oct th according to the website .	0
saudi arabia to reign in religious police powers saudi arabia may reign in the powers afforded to the kingdom . . .	0
i ain u t need no test to tell me i was smart . . . fuck the iowa u c isat u c selective enrollment u c psat u c act u c the sat tests	2
on sunday when it s hot amp also national ice cream day we ll have homemade ice cream ! try an ice cream sandwich . . .	1
rt was asked today if everton s display against qpr could be regarded as a cushions job definitely one for the older g . . .	0
the nd episode also features an interview w tom dakers of who joined the podcast to discuss the david price amp tulo trades	0
nothing like a merseyside derby to start a sunday off ! let us know your thoughts about todays big epl matchups !	1
kanye west really may be the most ignorant human walking the earth lol	2
dustin johnson leading during the st round of a major . . .stop me if we ve heard this before	1
good luck to tomorrow at the mac championship ! ! do your thing buddy ! ! gobobcats macbaseball	1
nymburk shouldn t start any more games without floor spacers on the wing position . need simmons out there . raivio th man just fine . .	0
alessandro matri loaned out by milan for the th time joins on loan	0
kasabian fast fuse just came on shuffle on my ipod u c definitely showing my excitement for on tuesday !	1
tgif ! feature friday is here with new roxy fallen amp dc ! take a look 	1
okay all i want is to meet shawn at the airport because i have a game tomorrow and got vip but won t be there early	1
asif i just got sacked by everton for coming th reaching fa cup final and winning the europa league mad	2
i wish the best of luck to the boro football players and hope they kick butt saturday for shaun winitforshaun	1
classy rt boehner proposes obama speech be on the same night as nfl opening night . . .	0
we will have no regrets and may allah swt grant us the strength to always identify as muslims with muslims against all odds .	0
rt drenched in vanilla twilight i ll sit on the front porch all night waist deep in thought because when i think of . . .	0
harvey thanks you for this scene harper . takes the attention off him to pitch tomorrow lol .	0
the sound of sunday with david bowie this is not america webradio internetradio	0
rt my algebra teacher saw all my gaga stuff today and we were talking about jo at the vma s and he said for now on her . . .	0
interview tomorrow at dunkin donuts lol really not where i wanted my first job to be but fuck it i need money	2
charles dickens may just have been me in another life . thisisme	0
turkey s erdogan takes gamble with new elections file in this sunday may file photo a turk . . . news	0
just watched the st ever elimination chamber match i had no idea it was an hour long till it ended .	0
us president wannabe rick santorum won the louisiana primary on saturday breaking news buzz	0
going intn med overdrive with chynna and rousey . symptoms . wondering if fleas may b catalyst . grr ! coffee time ! hugsxo	0
considering her competition it is like calling wlad klitschko the greatest heavyweight ever . and rousey is great but c mon	0
happy th bday to my nephew sean parker ii ! auntie loves you grandpa	1
bad blood now has more than m views it s selena s st feature to reach this and cagi is coming	1
more than years since called for the international criminal court to try tony blair for war crimes	2
for record i had ipad just switched to ipad and i ve got a screaming macpro tower . my st apple was a iic	1
so glad i watched a good paul rudd movie instead ! i might have sat through this mess if paul rudd was in it and her love interest 	1
are you waiting for nokia n getting released in us . . . well that may not happen . 	2
marley monday at reggae central . . . off all bob marley merchandise today with code word bmw . 	1
 david guetta is coming to fort canning at october omg omg omg ! will b going d	1
but what s that off in the distant ? is it a bird ? is it a plane ? no . it s joe biden !	1
check out rndm jeff ament of pearl jam joseph arthur amp richard stuverud this sunday at the fox theatre in boulder .	0
so it is official but no surprise erdogan announces turkey to go to new round of elections on november st .	0
it s august th . have we all forgotten about the frank ocean record ?	1
this is insane my t mobile lte vs what i pay for twc at home . i think i may just cancel twc internet	1
chuck close shares his best kept secrets with on the eve of his new show opening thursday	0
so as someone who just got the game of thrones nd ed lcg what websites should i be going to for decklists discussions etc . ?	0
don t forget star wars day ! if you want to buy a star wars shirt you can get one from mrs . boody tomorrow in room 	1
robert pattinson was so beautiful in the st twilight	1
the weeknd rips off a mask and it s really frank ocean and frank ocean s album drops tomorrow	1
tuesday treats all about kpop with thiskpopguy via	0
to the people ordering hot coffee at dunkin rn congrats on harnessing the power of the sun	1
so who wants to drive to la ? two parties in westwood tonight venice beach beach house friday back by sunday .	1
yet you don t see christians preaching jesus message to the rich amp giving comfort to the outcasts as jesus did	0
misleading headline . but may this divided anc house soon fall . gt boko haram make a bid for limpopo	2
naruto is actually going to be a live action movie	0
whats up with th graders obsession with weed and bob marley ? pretty sure your mom would wipe your ass if she sees your posts about it . . .	2
free agent wr jerricho cotchery formerly of the jets traveling to baltimore tonite to begin visit with ravens . whytho	0
clearwire investor demands sale of spectrum sprint nextel may have designs on the struggling cellphone network . . .	0
axl rose through the bose in my rolls u c through the concrete u see a rose still rose u c counted up a million dollars fore that sun rose	0
anyone know where i can watch the floyd mayweather vs andre berto fight saturday in san marcos ? txst	0
at metlife they started later . around i think . it was after the sun set	1
big brother when on c never aired the show on a saturday night instead aired live feed on e it worked better	1
uncharted a thief s end launches for ps in north america on march sony announced today .the latest game in the naughty d . . .	0
big brother is actually painful . can it please be thursday already ?	2
brilliant burns stops mitchell in th kevin mitchell s bid to win the wbo lightweight title ended in failure on . . .	2
bs . israel has started of the wars it has been involved in the th was retaliation to zionist aggression	2
george osborne likes to preach his twisted views in the sun as he knows that vast majority reading it have no critical thinking capability	0
cloud computing and big data strategy in this ceo power panel at the th international cloud expo u c moderated b . . .	0
was the nfl trolling tom brady on twitter sunday night ? . . . by 	0
i just saw a man on th st with a janet jackson tattoo	1
kendrick s to pimp a butterfly was at st p imp a c aterpilar .tupac .the last track on the album ends in a conversation between the 	0
dang that s rough i can only imagine well wishes hope u get some peace going back tomorrow man . can t imagine how you both feel	0
anybody at the trib where is ike taylor u s friday column ? sucks i can u t find it . first one i u ve actually looked forward to reading .	2
my ad da interface drivers just went boom ! it seems microsoft is forcing me to upgrade to windows . i may gone some time . . .	2
but wrong on gay gene . however bad fatherly figure or lack there of may be the issue and vice a versa for a lesbian	2
harper s high standards for candidate selection dauphin swan river mp running for the rd time un nominated stamped by harper	0
i think trump d probably prefer not to mention the ira years tbh	0
prediction i will have a status saying that i ll be buying the new iphone by tomorrow morning . i ve done that . . .	0
 seats for an apple product announcement ? iphone is just upgrade . apple siri tv may be big . i wonder who s playing ? taytay ? billy j . ?	2
played dishonored u c darksiders and mass effect in the last hours .	0
obviously we re not looking great right now but the arsenal will finish th prediction is wrong every year !	2
just read about the iphone . . . we can upgrade in november and i am definitely trading in my thunderbolt for the new iphone . lovemymac 	1
on the th day of the . . . this dead . . . oh know u . . . .reach this number . . .enter the club	0
happy nd birthday to prince george ! ! ! with the mention of birthdays comment below with your little persons . . .	1
yes i have a final tomorrow but more importantly i need the kim kardashian emojis .	0
my son got his st broken heart today . he found out the girl he had a crush on is supporting bernie sanders . next ! truestory	0
no drink the world not even tea can beat the taste and feeling of a first few gulps of a st beer when you really want it	1
the ira are not a religion they may be predominantly catholic but it is not a religion not comparable	2
state farm may have the discount double check but thanks to my wife i have the hotel room triple check no socks left behind	1
aww thank you danica ! you are an amazing person with so much talent and love ! hope to see you in miami this coming march .	1
i m not gonna lie i like john kasich . its gonna be a shame when he finishes th tonight . gopdebate	0
missed the game but awesome that kane scored . should help a ton for sunday . confidence	1
my dad and i were the only ones who stayed to see the nd extra scene after the credits for ant man .	1
i want to stay up to see what happens at metlife tonight but i have to wake up so early for class tomorrow ugh	1
i hear march madness amp think about that flip chris brown did dancing to this song smh dope af	1
rivera says rb jonathan stewart looked good in practice and is confident he ll play sunday vs . green bay .	1
we see more christians than muslims in the news may be they are more successful . interesting	0
opening today the inbetweeners . and cowboys aliens a . remember it s super saver day so you . . .	1
never march uphill with the sun in your eyes the wind in your face and your swords unsheathed . cao cao in re sun tsu	0
the next morning u c the th of january u c after a day and night passed at the corral u c smith and ayrton returned to granite house .	0
departure of ship al dhafrah port abu dhabi time nov am utc time of arrival departure is the time the vessel app . . .	0
i am so excited to watch sharknado after work tomorrow no one even gets it	1
yippee ! and today we get to celebrate belated our th wedding anniversary . the foo fighters tonight ! ! ! with . . .	1
tgif . . . .ooh i just remembered . . .every day is friday when you re travelling ! off to riga today . .	1
ohn cena you are my favorite wrestler of all time great match with seth rollins on monday night raw sorry you broke your nose .	1
if anyone would like to surprise me with some sam smith tickets for monday that d be great . plz and thank you .	1
the world bank cut its economic growth forecasts for the east asia and pacific region on monday and said there was a risk the slowdow . . .	2
but tom brady was going to miss games because of deflated footballs . . .	2
kris bryant hurt joe maddon ejected in today s cubs game and it s only the th inning .	2
protest against the mitch daniels purdue presidential nomination tomorrow loeb theater pm . bring a friend ! soapurdue	2
found don t let the sun go down on me by elton john with shazam . elton still the boss eltonjohn	1
it s crazy what happing in middle east st it was only just israel nowit s spread amp ppl killingtheonetheylived ages	2
when you realize tomorrow is when you will witness grace and beauty . . . i m talking about sam smith . . . .	1
kane should have scored but howard made a great play on that and the toby header . optimistic for the nd half ! coys	1
as of september countries with standing national bans on youtube include china iran pakistan and turkmenistan .	0
madonna wears the director s hat ! ! grab the st look of the movie as she unveils it at the venice flim festival . . . .	1
it s the saturday of a long weekend and i m at home watching sharknado . this is my new life .	1
huh ? ! holm isn t ready . nothing in her previous fights makes me think she can beat rousey .	2
today in dubai dance studios jlt celebrated it s st anniversary and the international women s day th of march . . .	1
gucci trousers coconscious desire november extend the biform thine life advanced dispersion headed for no orga . . .	0
mail on sunday cesc fabregas is so desperate to leave arsenal for barcelona that he has offered to give up more . . .	2
i want to go see final destination on friday .	0
disney tomorrow just hope this cold lets up 	1
vs at tuesday night main event . tell triple h u want a match against brock lesnar tonight	1
 . . the way they went about defending gave me impression malini barkha wanted to be nd rd wife of yakub on release .	0
is it true that mad man will be released on sunday ? 	1
niall has a boot on his foot so he may have hurt is foot 	2
tune in at p .m . tomorrow for a google hangout with our political reporters to discuss the election	0
at the monday night football game cardinals vs niners with steve edlefsen and matthew kroon .	0
 sports alaskan musher youngest to win iditarod dallas seavey won the iditarod trail sled dog race on tues . . .	1
 magic mike xxl and the pursuit of pleasure the daily collegian . . . backstreetboys	1
buzzing for the game against derby at white hart lane next saturday . pufc utp	1
 thats the spirit naruto ! she smiled at him . she pointed at the sun . with a smile on her face	1
somalia the nd most dangerous country on earth for christians . pray for thepersecutedchurch	2
i really don u t know why you can u t wait for me to get to lax tomorrow u c chrissy . us being the best of friends and all . .rude .	2
hopefully ice cube get enough money from barbershop ride along amp s .o .c to make the last friday movie .	0
today was the issue of assam templr . love to see wht issue rahul gandhi discovers tomorrow . all these r facades main is herald case	0
mertesacker is first choice for me koscielny and vermalen should fight for the other spot tomorrow . he just compliments the brilliantly .	1
i ve got a blog post coming up tomorrow . topic ? it s time to learn once and for all what curtis painter s got . start the man . colts	0
i m so excited to spend my day tomorrow listening to calibraska and not an apology	1
this match marked the th year of undertaker s wwe career . survivorseries 	0
i u ve always loved spc u c now know as spu . i u m excited to attend the career fair tomorrow ! 	1
i guess milan may get some complimentary tickets to the cl final at san siro . that s the only way they d see euro football .	0
ted was lulz . not better than the st tho	1
the undertaker returns to face brock lesnar at summerslam august rd . . . watch free throughout the whole month !	0
this may be a weird question but what sexuality are you ? straight gay bi or pan i just wanna know not gonna change feels .	0
i will try that . some scott walker may do the trick .	0
did you see it s gonna be kanye on sat instead of frank ocean ?	1
one of the hottest up and coming artists will be performing july th at rex theatre in southside u c pittsburgh ! ! tix only 	1
in other news why the hell is tomorrow national hot dog day . . . .i don t even like hot dogs like that	2
caitlyn jenner wants to be treated like a normal woman by a man watch the i am cait clip videos may	0
gigaom search facebook may have solved mobile but google is still struggling with it	0
icymi the m s released fernando rodney saturday night after a loss to the white sox .	0
congrats on your new contract . can believe this is you th season at espn . time flies . always delighted to see you at rupp .	1
welp time to launch tom brady into the sun 	0
wed preschool movie time u c a .m . homeschooler u s book discussion u c a .m . afternoon tea with downton abbey u c p .m . ephrata	0
 suvelo twilight crit is on this friday ! a b c grade available . sign on from pm racing starts at pm . entry ! spread the news !	0
loved the original ps vita version . glad to see ps owners will experience the game .	1
meal and annabelle tonight then hull fair tomorrow ! this could be a good weekend !	1
kendrick made sure iggy wasn t going to steal his bars when he snapped on black friday .	2
ty the follow ! much love amp respect a hero of mine david bowie always ! have a fantaztik friday ! 	1
what are two doing for the steelers game tomorrow ?	0
examines the th disaster to afflict tohoku a deep demographic crisis that has afflicted it for decades 	0
what are the rules regarding cameras bags jets stadium ? i ll be the cincy game on the st .	0
 bbcdp great to see eu solidarity from george osborne whose st worry was about the effect of greek crisis on uk economy not poor greek ppl	1
bersani supports stability agreement to secure government agi rome october tomorrow the agreement on t . . .	1
guys were are th place and just yesterday we were th place please keep voting . what s wrong ? make the boys proud ! mtvstars the vamps .	0
had a very lazy sunday . done nothing but watch teen wolf all day	1
she is the perfect theme song for a homie out on saturday night with a bottle of rohypnol	1
you think we have cap issues now wait until the oilers trade for voynov and kane .	0
camila talking about how shawn and her are close friends some other questions that are answered	0
eli young band you were great on cmaawards but you will be even better in starkville tomorrow night bulldogbash hailstate	1
our makeup game vs the has been rained out for the th time due to sharknado like event in the area . we ll try again tomorrow	0
what are you on about you post a fake pic of ira i post a real pic of english soldiers during bloody sunday	2
i would also just like to point out that the eagles had a win today 	1
so excited ! will have to buy a ps just for this game	1
tomorrow at wingsday catch the playoff game with knicks vs heat on the sounds . reserve your table now ! ! !	0
can t wait for the picture of kendrick holding grammys to surface so i can be like this is for the people in march calling tpab trash 	1
dear any chance you can pay out th place on dustin johnson after his comeback today justiceforjohnsonbackers	0
ted cruz dusted off a joke about chuck norris s pajamas to wish jim demint a happy birthday wednesday .	0
dear all people i know who are attracted to men go see magic mike xxl . fair warning you may fall madly in love with matt bomer . swoon 	1
thursday i m gonna upload footage from metlife here it would be cool if you subscribed too okay that is all	1
what a huge match tomorrow in the us amateur quarterfinals ncaa champ bryson dechambeau vs . british open hole leader paul dunne .	1
it s a worthy debate but i m not ready to bail on google just yet . check back with me tomorrow 	0
heey do you know anything about uva u s fallll fest loll they invited me so im going this sat but i really dont know what it is loll	0
in that limited time he won rings mvp th man and went to grateful dead shows . dude is a beast .	1
beer and chicken night ! watching dexter till the working hours . pm am maybe we should reserve the nickname dexter ? might be fun	1
i think the big brother show has become so scripted that it may be time to cancel it entirely . time for something new . bb 	2
going to yoga class tomorrow morning	0
rt great to meet the guys from blue today at nurburgring . a very cool bunch of guys ! looking forward to hear . . .	1
today is national ice cream day healthy and refreshing ! ! come and enjoy this day with us ! ! have a great sunday !	1
free yoga in the park date september yoga classes are free and designed for all experience levels . part . . .	0
happy early nd b day hope you have a good one love you so much wonder if you re going to sing by taylor swift	1
 acehcenterid iran placed nd in beach volleyball championships iran has finished as the r . . . ysealireusablebag	0
my last day at bobs is the th . . i think i u m going to georgia in a couple weeks . .	0
ik nvm tomorrow i chris brown her like she s rihanna	0
saturday we defo need points with city and chelsea having tough games and united v liverpool	0
both hernanes and alex sandro are expected to start and make their juventus debuts on saturday . via gds 	1
five year old decided he needed to follow a nd team when abs not playing . which one ? after alot of thought tonga	0
 i may have been expecting john cena but i love the song regardless . 	1
black friday by j . cole and kendrick is soooo good and the ending of j . coles version had me dead	1
new election laws crreated by cpc makes it difficult to vote against harper even w of voters against harper he may still win fixed	2
trump has a strategy amp it s working . the white vote the rise of donald trump shows it may be returning via	1
last day to see jurassic world tomorrow and i kinda wanna see it i mean it is ty s birthday so it makes sense to go again	1
why does it feel like google players are rd world citizens ? eg . no dp s for months no response to my feedback wtf ?	0
estou ouvindo brown eyes live friday show with jonathan ross lady gaga via	0
nor bond nor oath is set to further u c than this one . may the skill of men u c elves u c wizards u c and free folk go with you .	0
i saw a photo of aaron rodgers with some awesome scruff going on today . did i mention he was at the white house today ? iz cool .	1
my rd autograph !my lil sis was the one who came up to toni gonzaga ! left photo u ccredits to allenvalladares	0
 st photo with my galaxy s ii and my gfs little rotten apple	0
justin st leader signed commitment from all mps on denying right to life canadians how s it giving mps more say ?	0
no one understands how excited amp happy i am that paper towns is out on monday ! ! waited far to long for it ! ! ! papertowns	1
i may need a co owner but she has to be good in english u c and to post a lot of lou u c lux u c tom u c etc . . pics ! 	1
this nigga finnah get caught off guard do the illest randy orton drop kick from the th step son	2
my th of july song is u ito ang gusto ko u by francis m . best for independence day here in the ph galaxyplaytrackoftheday	0
 iwishicouldforget about my katy perry headgear i had in th grade i do love my teeth now tho 	0
judging by the end of cole s black friday song his and kendrick lamar s collab is dropping february biblical stuff	0
when are you back ? was home for a week for eid now back to resume sweatfest . back to the daily grind tomorrow sadface	0
bet when nicki sat down next to meek she said now thats how you handle a beef nigga vmas nickiminaj	0
you know you have a dunkin problem when the girl hands you your things and says see you tomorrow ! 	2
tiger woods doesn t move the needle . he is the needle . ratings for nd round of wyndham up over last yr .	1
to my west coast family and friends this time tomorrow i will be in california . . . .spend about week on venice beach lol . . . . . . .bigdon	1
boarded up and evacuated ritz carlton at the battery her with for her st bday	0
the sun is shining . i m writing from my deck . it just seems like a bob marley kind of day . i just need rum .	1
the sun are today reporting that chelsea owner roman abramovich has given the green light for roberto di matteo . . .	0
went for tea at claridges on tuesday morning with someone who used to go to elvis u place in bel air for jamming sessions .	0
streaming more dark souls st playthrough right now ! maybe i can make it out of blighttown ?	0
lol i cant play mj on the th month . eid s power kinda maxed out on the ghost month lol . anticipated my tiles and kalongs beautifully .	1
 rangers josh hamilton is not in the rangers starting lineup on sunday . winning	0
i think marco rubio amp john kasich tied for st donald trump the clear loser ! !	0
i can t wait to see donald trump at the american airlines center in dallas on sep . i heard he was ft . tall amp bulletproof . trump 	1
tracy mcgrady was an injury prone scoring machine who couldnt get outta the st round . overrated .	2
vallejo this saturday u c nov rd at concert pub galleria in houston u c tx ! showtime pm . h town hope to see you there !	0
happy birthday george you cutie . royals celebrate prince george s nd birthday via	1
better show up tomorrow against the spurs	1
it s ok . steve won t die in civil war bc chris evans has a film contract and this will be the th film it s ok x	1
ivan nova notched a quality start giving up three runs in six innings but lost to the red sox on monday . yankees	0
federer plays tomorrow so i guess i won t talk to you until thursday because you ll be busy drooling shitmymomsays tiff	1
rt either of you la guys going to summerslam on sunday ? i ll be around but not at the show .	0
i liked a video lllinkkk hank williams i dreamed about mama last night . original sing	1
eu may bring back border controls angela merkel suggests the german chancellor says for the . . . thearkoftwitter	0
 th floor . david mack assaults jennifer lawrence with a hemorrhoid . amitabh bachchan mows lisa kudrow all the while .	2
i have to go out drinking on a wednesday so i cant watch the bachelor until the next day firstworldpains brockuproblems	2
apple s tim cook has just taken to the stage promising some mega announcements even skipping the regular updates 	1
one and only time i am rooting for the red sox is tonight and tomorrow	1
you may have seen them mad max jurassic world predestination area ex machina kingsmen what we do in the shadows . . .	0
sony went all out with this new high tech smartphone . some may question if anyone needs this phone j bb	0
i really hope my mom takes me thursday i could maybe reunite with justin ahhhh	1
if chelsea pull off a pogba deal tomorrow i am going to run on the pitch if i go to juve game with a milan top on singing milan anthem .	0
don t forget that vp joe biden may enter the dem presidential race amp could beat her for the nomination !	1
more propaganda from the bbc they promote platforms of dissent one day they may return to journalism make the bbc a plc .	2
did you know this sunday is national ice cream day ! to celebrate i ll be tucking in to my favourite ice cream . . .	1
going to cobham tomorrow u c beyond excited .	1
fun friday a long procession of elementary school children march along the ring road in iqaluit at around . . .	0
the mantra from republicans to democrats today is if you don t like our plan then where is your plan the mantra from republicans t . . .	0
going to pa tomorrow then doctor monday then after going to summersville yaya	0
you will be receiving a new seasoncard your juventus ticket may be paper ticket that is sent to you .	0
interesting that search for goddell on brings up tom brady needs to drop it and move on as st result .	0
 . hey karm will i see you tuesday at	0
 th quarter westbrook honey badger is going to miss james harden . thunderup	2
p matt boyd acquired in david price trade seeks to beat the royals for nd time in days at pm et on . . .	0
may no woman hook me the way karrueche has hooked chris brown in jesus name .	0
no sign of pogba in the official juventus clubstore . rd kit promotion 	0
unseen footage of the insane brawl between the undertaker and brock lesnar exclusive july 	0
i can t find a very wide range of binders for franklin planners in seoul though so may have to stick with a year long moleskine . mehh !	2
please note today is iron maiden monday simply because we think you should listen to maiden today not cause there s anything you ve missed	0
infinite u s last date of their japan arena tour is on the nd of november . lucky fans u c they get to be with dongwoo on his birthday .	1
dear friend throw the wine . i m in love with a friend of mine . really truly young and newly wed . paul mccartney dear friend 	1
omg this show is so predictable even for the rd ep . rui en u s ex boyfriend was framed for murder probably u c by the rich guy .	2
dethklok u c all that remains u c machine head u c black dahlia murder u c and the pacquiao vs marquez fight this december 	0
 drewpeterson are you missing drew peterson yet ? lifetime is re airing the movie this sunday . it stars gasp rob lowe as peterson	0
samsung to start selling the galaxy note on august ?	0
i m just gonna say it a cypher with big sean kendrick lamar j . cole amp i is all i ve wanted since the th grade .	1
zlatan is simply saving himself for the nd leg	1
the . tickets for jonathan kozol are going fast ! last chance to buy at the oea center will be thursday . . .	0
panoramas of the crowd stadium last night at metlife august th via insider	0
agreed but will be better prepared for that come jan . the real key to beating rousey is to outpoint her	0
up there with him and dustin johnson and i love to see there pain on a sunday	1
japan s post disaster growth strategy the great east japan earthquake on march was the biggest earthqua . . .	0
yup but got to be at trinity next tuesday to enrole wednesday is a good day to brake the week	1
see you in april in milan !	0
tonight i rewatch twilight for the first time soberly in years . this is for legitimate research . you may judge mercilessly and cruelly .	1
your talking kylie im a celeb iv just watched her on tfi friday chris evans channel she s amazing a legandx	1
new cher single coming on monday to itunes woman s world . this is the official streaming from warners on youtube 	0
 paul dunne appeared on monday at the th place in the top of glasgow s trends trndnl	1
practice today at kane players be there make sure everyone s there review for scrimmage on saturday !	0
i liked a video u mick jagger fergie gimmer shelter at the rock and roll hall of fame th	0
it would be religiously inaccurate he may have acted according to ideals in islam but he was most definitely jewish	0
remembering george harrison a true music legend . we share the birthdate feb . passed away age nov . . .	0
this thursday night in smackdown it s a big man tag team match randy orton reigns ambrose cesaro vs shamus owens luke an wyatt raw	0
crazy the list keep growing . . . . sep th bdays john cage werner herzog jonathan kozol and freddie mercury	1
dustin johnson is playing like me on the st hole . that is not a good thing . pgachampionship	0
national ice cream day will hit the country this sunday several local icecream spots plan on making it a sweet one	1
jasmine curtis smith is nominated as best new female tv personality for nandito ako in the th pmpc star awards for tv . yay ! 	1
rob brantly did what alot of white sox have not been able to do . runner on rd less than outs and he brings him home with a sacrifice fly	1
anyone need a ticket for sunday the th s white sox game ? ? ? potential k zone game . if interested .	0
stewart says hes gonna tell brock lesnar how he feels lol wwe summerslam results 	0
how is ncase flip case cover for moto g rd gen or any other reco apart from the official one ?	0
anyone seen these ? just stumbled across them on amazon prime . looks like i may have just planned out my friday night .	1
is it real madrid or mufc ? who refused to negotiate on sunday ? i think it s mufc . please correct me .	0
 i m grounded from the internet until monday so talk to me while i m still at school ! . 	0
listening to amy and lucien s attempts at communication on last night s big brother . . . i fear for the future of mankind sometimes .	2
toews backing kane amp voynov arrested by immigration in us . oh tomorrow is going to be an icky nhl news comment day .	2
congratulations to curtis shooting on the range on black friday entered him to win the sd ve smith amp wesson ! . . .	1
brock lesnar on sportscenter tomorrow morning . wrasslin is going mainstream again !	1
i love that today i brought a chris brown album . thursday i am going to a metal show . saturday i am seeing one direction . music	1
everything kanye does needs a news crews presence because he u s too black to burn from sun rays	0
typical saturday afternoon u c hanging with steve whitmire who plays kermit u c ernie u c rizzo the rat u c and others	0
hulk hogan may have been kicked out of wwe . . . . . .but what about that masked man mr . america ? ? ? ?	0
 nd off s o to morris hall it went dumb tha whole yr memories	0
obama s free trade agreement with the cartels . he exports guns and imports drugs using our money to do it teaparty nd	2
kris jenner threatened to kick kim kardashian out of her home on sunday s episode of the family reality show . . .	2
kendrick s to pimp a butterfly is probably my fave album of the year alongside hbhbhb and sound amp colour is a close nd	1
rt i think sparks fly music video will be worldwide on the th ! don t you think ? 	1
gay marriage is not a constitutional right ! not recognized with christians buddists or islam for that matter .	2
bad blood is nominated for practically every vma under the sun and i m surprised it s not in the video with a social message category	0
west indies pull off from the india tour after the th odi in dharamsala owing to pay dispute with their board .	0
tsipras resigned on thursday night after he lost the support from within his syriza party . that is classic grexit .	0
today in america the arrogance of kanye west will carson take down trump and why do presidential no hopers bother ?	0
 st time i u ve seen eleanor respond to hate o .o she seems to sweet to say mean thing !	0
my bro and i today since we both finally ate chicken for the st time in a year today ! lmao	0
fragrant friday gucci bamboo gucci has a new fragrance meant to show off the diverse sides of a guc . . . beauty	1
 rams have sacked russell wilson something like times in his career . they don t record a sack this sunday and it s time for . . . .mutiny	2
finished qbs . if the draft were today and i got to pick first every time i d take arian foster roddy white jason witten n aaron rodgers	0
ever since i met you in th grade i was like yo this kid looks like george harrison and we ve been cool since . times 	1
 native america day is coming up next thursday ! and i are going all out . jointhetribe mysoulisnative	1
lin picks up a loose ball and just trucks stuckey . unfortunately u c that u s not allowed u c to bench with th foul as pistons reclaim lead u c .	2
there is on thing i have learned from the mlb playoffs u c cougar town on a new network . i can u t wait till january . poundinggrape pennycan ! ! !	1
open your eyes look within . are you satisfied with the life you re living ? bob marley tuesday schedule . . .	0
mayo fan today and a kerry fan on the th . .just once those cunts are beat ! !	0
 dbacks brewers . lucroy grounds out to nd base . outs . more boos for ryan braun as he walks up to the plate .	0
it was fun to see the excitement on the th graders faces . and some of them seem to be ipad pros already !	1
or like you know some gucci sun glasses and just say they are prescription .	0
it looks like a lot of you prefer to have kpop shows in december . would you rather have a show before finals or after finals ? kpop	0
kinda considering getting tickets to see sam smith again in december to make it six concerts over four months ?	0
remember the night jeter went into stands against red sox amp nomar sat ? harvey s people want him to sit amp the old man may go the distance .	0
seth rollins sucks think he should be reprimanded for what he did last monday night !	2
super hero sunday ! half off any appetizer when you wear super hero attire ! tom brady is a super hero right ?	1
yup . great quote he who is w o sin cast the st stone . racist hulk hogan rant . . .wwe gawker amp u !	2
i might see justin bieber in concert for the rd time and i m so happy	1
copper river salmon season starts may th ! we re hoping to have fish on the th . want a great recipe for . . .	1
sam smith records writing s on the wall for spectre it s official ! sony pictures entertainment confirmed tuesday that sam smith . . .	0
miss usa on sunday wearing a hot pink strapless dress as she deftly fielded the interview best things in lifecome free to us cuz were oooh	1
i really and positively dgaf about ted nugent u s bronco rebuild . in fact if i see bronco with zebra stripes i may have to stfosb .	1
gucci variety spirit tenacity february open the distich thy monad swish combo in contemplation of special plea . . .	0
tomorrow is the fire test of judiciary amp govt institutions on cr nh scam performed by sonia amp rahul gandhi	0
went to get vip for february th show and you re sold out my heart is broken i can t meet you with my big brother	2
on reelz this would be the th episode all new they do however replay episodes occasionally .	0
colts to start painter at qb on monday vs . bucs curtis painter will make his first nfl start at quarterback for th . . . lllinkkk	0
 nov u c . . .south korea continued to have the highest average connection speed u c followed by japan and hong . . .	0
mets insider monday may be wright night david wright is still expected to join the mets in philadelphia monday .	0
please help me get the hotel for digi fest dallas sunday please	1
will or any other ses grads be at the fhsu vs . ksu wbb game tomorrow ? ! comeseeme 	1
iran says new u .s . visa rule may violate nuclear pact a restriction on visa free travel to the united . . . world	0
real shit ray allen meeting with the knicks tomorrow	2
i see this fight as pointless and declare you as my equal in gay may we share the title for eternity	2
backing up my ps hdd in preparation for the seagate tb sshd i have coming . september i get my new takenking ps .	0
i have been watching naruto for days . help me . save me from the th great ninja war .	1
just passing through by jason aldean may be the sweetest song ever written	1
as you may already know we are back from our one day observance of labor day . stop by or email bridal today !	1
ucla game with malcolm saturday d	0
if you re collecting your gcse results tomorrow and tou watch anime there s a new episode of naruto out tomorrow x	1
tons of hw tomorrow u c lunch date with joey u c back to hw u c then magic mike with ash co . before bed 	1
tonight u c obama was the buffalo sabres and mitt was the dallas stars . it may not seem right to the sabres fans u c but dallas still won .	0
mommy said i have to go to maxwell monday u c lmfaoooo the fuck i don u t	2
why many conservative pundits r declaring war on trump . dec laring war on the most candid amp for the people candidate in your lifetime !	2
flares ! ! after all the booing and jeering towards the galatasaray fans on wednesday night ? fucking hypocrites afcvcfc arsenal	2
cakap je . can we do it on tuesday ? im in melaka . i really want to be in the picture . . . please . u may copy and paste this 	1
the philippines just passed a law worse than sopa u c which actually criminalizes criticizing someone online .	2
some good television tonight gonna get on jersey shore on the planner and out of ten cats and maybe red or black lazynight	1
surely everyone has heard of the paul dunne vs rules official on the th green in statesborough story . worldwar 	0
tomorrow is national ice cream day . just in case you can t make it to the dining hall to satisfy your craving here are some stores . . . . . .	1
iebc may hold the most modern credible elections u c but that wont stop kenya from burning again if the intolerance we r witnessing continues	2
why do you keep saying ipad hd do you mean the rd generation one ? ?	0
wish i was going to metlife tomorrow	1
taylor swift has chosen her next single you may still be dancing along to bad blood with taylor swift and k . . .	0
 obama wants visa waivers for travelers from iran ? sure heaven forbid we disrupt the travel plans of terrorists .	2
amazon has opened an online store for black friday days before the shopping event is scheduled to take place .	0
 . . .just like an electable leader of the labour party who isn t tony blair . . .	0
national hot dog day or as i call it thursday ! ! !	0
just a quick note hulk hogan was a bad wrestler anyway . c mon now the leg drop ? give me a break . back to real sports go yankees !	2
news break nigeria the british government said on friday that the boko haram insurgency had brought untold misery . . .	2
of course it u s aston villa . played them off the park on saturday . bring it on !	0
they don t have a st amendment in israel . so it s perfectly legal !	1
did you know that hulk hogan was trending topic on friday for hours in portland ? trndnl	0
if you are a family member u c friend u c or fan of austin rivers you may want to unfollow me . this is about to get ugly .	2
what i don t get is why donors would fill jeb bush s coffers ! there is a frightening division in the republican party that may end in loss !	2
omgosh please please please ! ! ! semi is on nov th ! ! ! the weekend of the nc state game ! ! ! ! ! ! 	1
glamorous dinner options clam chowder or a chicken tv dinner . all sorts of fancy here at the curtis household on a saturday night .	0
i may have never seen a player play a higher tennis level than i just saw nadal federer and djokovic included . make no mistake 	1
dude have you never watched friday with ice cube and chris tucker ?	0
friday dracula time again at the leicester square theatre at . pm . not doink anysing ? come and join van helsing ! yes ! it is i !	1
arrl the k ra solar update a coronal mass ejection cme hit the earth on september triggering a jump in g . . .	0
besides the game nd quarter knicks vs heat game . . . this might be the poorest officiated game throughout the entire playoffs bro . smh	2
especially the one s who work for tory donors amp circumnavigate agency rules heaping misery on our unemployed .	2
the same rousey fans tht scream money may doesn t fight anyone be the first to make an excuse as to why rousey won t move up	2
the sports arena office . . anyone know where i can buy arolladora tickets ? for pico rivera ? on the th ? ? wss sold out 	0
black triangle sighting in perryton u c texas on october th black object that obscured the sky and stars . . .	0
 st time i hear a white house shiver over iran . looks like they got you by the cz you folks sold us out to the enemy .	2
tatler sent a photographer to david cameron s wedding and have just uploaded the pics to the internet for some reason	0
quiet saturday night u c watched taken and journey to mysterious island . pert near time to go to bed u c got church in the morning .	0
you cannot stop yahweh elohim business . yahweh elohim has bestowed his powers on janet jackson and it s sealed in yahwe s th seal .	2
ready for valentine s day already so i can see deadpool for the th time that weekend !	1
trying on my pope costume just to make sure its safe for tomorrow .	1
see you august ! my sis in law worked on valentine s with you ! can t wait !	1
worcestershire ? what are you on about ? still coming down from your st half high ? worldwide fanbase is something mcfc don t have ! mufc	2
we ve had world wars . the rd will be a very different one and it will be down to muslims amp their hatred of us	2
wish was in the so we could go to ihop tomorrow	1
how much more ? to be clear i hate juventus but this move doesn t make sense . they may offer million to reach a deal so quickly	2
we trade hst tomorrow ! d and sat ! oh and for english do we have to get rid of all the be verbs or the ones from last time ?	0
 brewers ryan braun hit his th home run of the season at the bottom of the first . mlb	0
david miliband in the ft today germany may have more in common with britain or poland than with euro members such as italy or even france .	0
sam smith may do well with his bond song but no one beats adele s skyfall 	1
hi there ! i reached out re a new accessory for the apple watch wanted to see if you may have interest in covering ?	1
judging by all the book sized packages awaiting her arrival tomorrow our local indie bookshop owner is an amazon prime member . awkward	1
it warms my heart when i see muslims on here wishing christians a blessed sunday . and when christians do the same on friday muslim prayers	1
nfl ticket at the eagles club presents the thursday night contest steelers and titans	0
welcome to islam family stacy . may allah bless you .	1
rt final destination ? ! look man its gone far enough allow it lt i didn t know a th existed ahh	2
another pathetic false flag drama like the charlie hebdo back in january or a real terrorist attack ? who are . . .	2
hating breitbart out tomorrow in wisconsin oshkosh u c appleton u c ashwaubenon u c and brookfield . check it out u c guys ! conservative	2
beautiful evening last friday for the carols by candlelight and twilight market ! lots of kids lots of sweet . . .	1
if that s true then zayn hasn t left the band so you re okay . wait till march life might fall apart sry	0
yassss deus ex is actually out th august . that s brightened up my day a bit 	1
janet jackson no sleeep feat . j . cole can t wait to see this live unbreakabletour october th where are you ?	1
it u s nov nd u c at mumbai int u l airport with . leaving india in hours . mixed bag of feelings . timeflies bittersweet	0
inhuman rejection of muslims in bihar may push the community towards someone that may change the political equation ever	0
watching the lorax with my boys . . happy saturday	1
please tell me you are opening for taylor swift on october th !	1
 tytlive i will make a bet that all these republicans who hate muslims lgbt amp women never actually sat down and did any research . . . . . .	2
i was thrilled when melissa mccarthy won an emmy last night . she called me today to talk about her big win .	1
championship team news bellamy in frame for cardiff all the team news from saturday u s championship . . . mogganaut	0
nebraska placed a nation leading nine players on the first ever senior bowl watch list released saturday . . .	1
can t wait to see eric church kenny chesney brantley gilbert and chase rice tomorrow with !	1
wow the th season of ahs is like not good	2
ray lewis was voted the th most overrated player in the nfl by other players ? ! its some hating ass mofos in the nfl	2
if john goes home in the double eviction tomorrow this will officially be the worst season in big brother history	2
check out the performance these brave youngsters did one saturday morning at sylvia park . this is truly a great . . .	1
jay z make time for bey . . the president make time for the st lady . so where are you so busy at again ?	2
get ready for our wednesday drink specials wednesday pm have it your way margarita day bar brand only . . .	0
my plan for today consists of doing some art watching x factor from saturday putting the clothes out	0
so this is the th person on this show that i have seen in commercials . felisha is the sprint girl with david beckham .	0
 september has arrived which means apple s new iphone is now just hours away from becoming an official thing .	1
he may be a creative genius but stan lee didn t come up with thor bbcr today	0
marguerite the photographer irish heather gastown vancouver . happy st . patrick s day everybody ! ! ! ! mar 	1
here today gone tomorrow but still here ! a short note on nokia s patent deals with and	0
the president of chad idriss deby said on tuesday that the boko haram sect was no longer led by abubakar . . .	0
 kca votejkt id lovekerryk atomickofficial tomorrow is kerry s birthday do you wanna make a surprise for her ? ? lol	1
zlatan says he may have played his last match for psg . get him over here now 	1
dustin johnson and sunday s just don t mesh well pgachampionship	2
my best guess is we should see mcpe . . submitted to ios and google by the end of week or into monday if the devs have cleaned up the bugs	1
don t want to go to hspa class tomorrow so i m not going .	2
paul dunne posts under and he ll have some serious francis ouimet undertones going on during tomorrow s final round .	0
rt there is also a second mexico city mexico show on october th . same venue as the show on the th palacio de los deportes .	0
tripping the live fantastic by paul mccartney cd nov discs capitol 	0
make sure you go cop my ep august th on itunes and google play . you can stream it on spotify .	1
my body is exhausted . i walked from th and jeffery to the lakefront u c where i accidentally sat on dead fish u c to th and king dr . and back .	2
fun day ! ! walked over the brooklyn bridge . . . ate waaaaaay to much ! ! tomorrow fingers crossed i get standing room for book of mormon ! night !	1
namaste we have a relaxing weekend planned for you ! sept am kid s yoga at baransu amp pm beginner . . .	1
we do not live in ground hog day u c we don u t live with a victim mentality u c today b rough but tomorrow won u t be the same el leadership	0
remembering how normal it was to see ice cube at our high school all the time sat right in front of him at a play too lmao	1
yep had a fair few lol good job didn t hurt myself there although worth it for him gives me something to watch on sat nights	1
apple software u c retail chiefs out in overhaul san francisco apple inc ceo tim cook on monday replaced the heads . . .	0
who tryna go to the bernie sanders rally on sunday ?	1
merkel the great angela merkel set to run for th term according to reports	0
the fact that so many will vote for a socialist fake liar for president is very very frightening and may bring america to ruin !	2
 a impulsively bought a docking station for my laptop cause i needed one and amazon said it would arrive tomorrow if i ordered now	1
despite sandy u c the show goes on weehawken u c nj october much of the new york city skyline sits in darkness . . .	0
irish sunsport tuesday robbie keane rallies the troops ahead of vital faroes clash roi	0
go team eagles ! ! ! ! hope my boy is enjoying the eagles st game 	1
if petraeus is ruined then so is mcchrystal he probably handed out the guns in libya bc he owes obama biden for his th star	2
hello . i m filling in for ira . may i know more of your concern for assistance ? i m here to help as well . thank you .	0
cloud developer bootcamp sep . iot amp mobile workshops . don t miss the chance to work with ibm experts .	1
november turkish snap election very linked to this and the g . high stakes game by erdogan	0
just in after shocking modiinpakistan rahul gandhi s to visit to amul and parle g factory tomorrow . fakingnews	0
half of the nd verse in ed sheeran s photograph completely removed in bruneian radio . i can t even think of a reason why they did so .	2
mumbai times india seeks enhanced economic ties with iran sushma swaraj new delhi dec exte . . . mumbaitimes	0
that s us signing off . tweeting resumes from am tomorrow . safe travels and enjoy foo fighters if you are going to murrayfield tonight .	1
upcoming event bca supercars . featuring the premium brand such as mclaren aston martin lamborghini etc . oct 	0
rt experience the excitement of the nuit blanche an all night art and culture festival in paris 	1
we may have to look at the possibility of a hung parliament udc and bcp may collectively get a combined simple . . .	0
moving to covina in december things are looking up rite about now ! 	1
i remember listening the baby one more time album the st couples of times amp thinking she kinda sounds like mariah carey . she can sing	1
reading the sun and watching jeremy kyle . where did it all go wrong ? better do some work . ashamed	2
crew gets a fumble at the murray and the o can t punch it in . kick a fg to make it . may be murray s team now . crew has been awesome .	1
shit i just saw this sorry man . i was at work all night and i gotta work all day tomorrow . you going to kyle s tomorrow ?	0
floyd mayweather fights andre burto this saturday . all i gotta say is where all the hype at ? ? ? ? ? lol	1
 nd most dangerous beach in the world gansbaai u c south africa this part of the world is great white territory . a . . .	2
boise state chattanooga embry riddle and virginia tech receive their charters tonight congrats and welcome gentlemen ! duli 	1
career fair tomorrow in the murphy center from to pm . dress in business attire and bring your resumes .	0
maniaci on casimir pulaski day march u c some people call it a holiday . judge i call it a holiday . drewpeterson	0
looks like im going to the uga vs . ole miss game on saturday hottytoddy	1
am at the tony blair select committee hearing . a policeman has sat down beside me in case i unleash any sudden quips	0
sick skills james rodriguez ! in case you forgot canada are taking on this guy and his teammates tomorrow .	2
 st of all in my world theres only good n evil ! real ppl n fake mf u s !this is why i really feel jlin won u t make it !not durable like yao ming !	2
from the archive join us as we shout at christians on monday outside parliament . weather expected to be nice .	1
mtv is playing only vma performances rn . .they have to play nirvana s performance of lithium like c mon it s fuckin iconic	0
national ice cream day is july and to top it off we re offering off all our ice cream toppings !	1
wwe raw preview september taping seth rollins s feud with john cena sting to be in focus ?	0
the arrow and the flash dropping crossover episodes with similar names is way more dope than j cole and kendrick lamar dropping black friday	0
really ? ? ? why couldn t you have them open pitt metlife or boston ? ? ? ? we re fighting	2
really want to go to eric church tomorrow . .	1
arnez j sold out the houston improv last night and put a crazy brilliant side splitting performance ! he s here til sunday !	1
a happy awesome nd birthday to you from all the rushers in malaysia ! ! ! ! have a blast ! ! ! malaysian rushers . . .	1
imagine having a th of messi s ability . you d be the best in your team	1
mimie my colleagues are talking about madonna ad lady gaga comparing which one have a really good voice . today s topic for lunch 	1
yes i may pop in to watch you stream dark souls time zone permitting . where do you stream and what s your user name ?	0
all set for an amazing day tomorrow as i present to the church what happened in ireland ! hopefully it goes smoothly ! !	1
dongwoo u s reaction to th rank is just hilarious ! ! ! xd	1
game plan for the nd half . don t pass it to asiata .	2
first day of school tomorrow which means it s also the first day of the season for rbi baseball on my ipad	1
may sweeps is close to months . i don t think she should be punished though . let her have curtis or lucky at least .	0
welp this is it . . . i am upgrading to windows . i may make the dumbest decision in terms of computers . who knows ?	0
john cena v . jon stewart the battle of the jons insert arby s joke here 	0
give me mins with candy the dancer from deja vu i u m nutting on my th pump she that bad lol	2
right then . .diet starts monday u c probably not the wisest choice with christmas coming up . .but im gonna smash it ! !	1
the media filing center at the university of denver empty now will be bustling tomorrow . utpol denverdebate	0
i should be getting into bed i am however instead looking through my ipod for songs i might want to pole to . i may be addicted .	1
rt tonight on sports special joe trahan goes on with tony romo footage from cowboys scrimmage and tcu trying to bui . . .	0
today united should have done better the referee didn t help at all ! ! ! ! rooney to pls ! just sign zlatan tomorrow pleeeeeeze	2
are u gonna go to the romeo santos thing on the th ?	0
omg ! ! ! ramin and sierra performing phantom of the opera at the classical brit awards televised on sunday itv at . pm ! ! ! ! d	0
so dean ambrose doesn t have a match tomorrow . . . . . dean amp undertaker don t have any feuds going on if you catch mu drift . deanvstaker	0
wish bernie sanders a happy th next tuesday . if he makes he will set a record for prez contenders .	1
jason wu lace u c bandeau tops u c harnesses and the debut of his th bag line u c the carolyn jasonwu nyfw	0
fyi the pumpkinocalypse has begun . dunkin s has pumpkin muffins and pumpkin coffee and you bet your ass i m getting some tomorrow .	1
i m going to knock bands off my concert bucket list this thursday but metallica iron maiden and a x are still at the top	1
mad tings this friday ! ! double birthday bash in milan at leoncavallo with macro marco x degenere th b bash and . . .	1
my weekend plans play fallout see magic mike xxl with my sister amp d amp d on sunday . what are everyone else s plans ?	1
china amp israel hv overturned . all transactions edu in mandarin amp hebrew . eng is the rd lang after mandarin amp spanish .	0
dodgers fans are annoying . kershaw may even win the mvp but when is his next start ?	2
seeing paul mccartney sing blackbird live tonight may or may not be the highlight of my life so far	1
caitlyn jenner sued for manslaughter caitlyn jenner was the cause of a vehicle car crash on february th . r . . .	2
finished deus ex last night . should probably stay tight lipped but i think i can get away with saying the ending is superb !	1
 sharknado april lives can t wait for sharknado begin the hypenado !	1
lol bastich . . . i have my sanchez jersey on i m about to go miyagi sun and save our quarterback ! jets	0
harry today im alone at home and tomorrow night is zayn s birthday .i want to make sure that he will notice me .	0
on the jersey shore u c emotion outweighs cost of rebuilding bay head u c n .j . boston reuters the people of the jersey shore may feel . . .	0
hope you are wrong sir . and welcome back to jacksonville tomorrow for your last show here . sorry i can u t make it .	2
i would be so happy that its a late start tomorrow . . . but nooooooooo u c i have to go to catch up day because i failed my fcking french test	2
watching michael ball s performance of empty chairs at empty tables in the th anniv and hit with sudden extreme feels ogod perfection	1
calibraska the top album friday on itunes ahead of major label acts like future jill scott rihanna and . . .	1
 burdwanblast nia confirms that rdx was recovered during raids at one rizaul kaim s house in burdwan karim on the run since oct blast	0
red foo lmfao the party rock crew are going to rock the singapore indoor stadium on november th ! who s excited ? d	1
yakub is hanged .y d cry ! !y d nonsense over his religion .whtevr religion he may belong he ws a terrorist n thts all needs c n undrstnd	2
perhaps a bit insensitive showing the film four lions in the run up to the th anniversary . . . . . justsaying	2
lightweight angry i didn t get a hot dog for national hot dog day will have to make up for it tomorrow lol	2
just got the call the magazine is ready for pickup get your copy at the hands that heal fashion show nov th mr . reggie 	0
karen being crazy not letting me get a waffle but i m about to eat all of waffle house or ihop tomorrow lol idc	1
who s going to ed sheeran next wednesday	0
up to you btw can we celebrate ranty chunji lay s bdae tomorrow ? xd just need to buy one cake though xd	1
happy to put the fight together tomorrow if the brazilian slugger can cut down to pounds to face rousey	1
oppa u cu may b the one who tweets most in kidols but only in hangul .plz tweet in eng !	1
about to watch ted for the th time	1
just a few hours ago calibraska was th in italy and now it s th omg ! ! ! calibraskaep jack and jack are so talented ! !	1
big brother facts . . . bb was all stars and won the st ever otev competition bb 	1
but ohhhh come december th i u m smokin to the whole kush x oj nd taylor allderdice just like old days	0
haha oh yeah you re right who have arsenal got ? catch you tomorrow boys ! up the albion !	1
you can be a switch on superstar ! every saturday u get chance to turn on blackpool illuminations it could be you ! text lights to !	1
i want this . and yes i m playing on amazon instead of reading for class tomorrow . because my head is spinning .	1
ed sheeran live in dfw sat night ! want in ? ? keep track of the songs for dfw s most wanted at p and i ll throw you a pair of tix ! cruz	1
i wonder does trump know make america great again was the klan s st slogan ?	2
 . aubig black leather camera case bag pouch case with strap for olympus om d omd em e m cyber monday deals	0
anywho i m not really sure what i think of ant man . may need some time to mull it over	0
beer and nirvana the band not the transcendent state . my recipe for getting through tomorrow .	0
some people may not bother but happy birthday milan . thank you for everything you have done for us xbanamilan swfc	1
mint warehouse for circoloco mate get involved ! will come leeds tomorrow day westonator ! x	1
there may be lovers who hold out their hands but he ll never love you like i can can can mtvhottest sam smith	0
did you know that bobby jindal was trending topic on friday for hours in baton rouge ? trndnl	0
what up cm punk keep up the great work i love watching u every monday night i hope can kick rock ass at the royal rumble	1
anybody trying to go to summersville with and myself tomorrow ?	0
 next saturday i should be back in the city . oh shit . . well yea he u ll still be here . u get the room w the u u hd tv lol	2
it s friday friday gotta get down on friday everybody s lookin forward to the weekend weekend . rebecca black	1
everyone buy something from kinnucans tomorrow ! goes to the bob jones drama department and it will really benefit us ! do it .	1
 for dustin johnson at the st . playing my kind of golf .	1
josh s t shirt for star wars day in school on friday .	1
raw two champions prepare for the most important summerslam event in history this monday	1
 calls off work monday cant come in calibraska just came out	0
just sat in bed and watched a lot of christians vines and even tho i ve seen them ali still laughed every time	0
did just compare aaron rodgers to matt flynn c u mon firsttake	0
is big brother playing games with u as well ? ? i m stuck on same number since wed . am though i get to hundred fol a day yes really ! fbi	0
i also had a dream last night that football season started and the ravens were playing the steelers and ray rice was running all over them	0
did john kasich stand out in gop forum ? kasich delivered clear performance at monday s gop forum . but with so . . .	0
 nature day sunday coldweather vsco vscocam vscoedit vscoitaly milan italy milan italy	0
wish fifa would make league results and tables a bit more realistic . man utd in relegation zone after games and aston villa in nd .	1
remember how i m gonna come monday and have dunkin and watch you run your mile 	0
just out in pinellas steve miller band metallica mint st pressing rolling stones t .rex doors band neil young iron maiden hendrix	1
been using the watch for a few days now and going to compare it to the apple watch tomorrow on omn .	0
rob lowe who portrayed drew peterson u c now takes on casey anthony prosecutor on monday it was revealed that rob . . .	0
what a feeling reminds me of bee gees song in saturday night fever movie soundtrack you can check it outttt it has some vibe of it	1
any toon fans with a spare ticket for anfield on sunday ?willing to pay extra nufc	0
please back ted cruz and donald trump protest at white house on wednesday however possible they can t stop it alone we have help them	0
i just wanna say i m so happy amp proud that justin got his st debut	1
sep como rise of the tomb raider mighty no . homefront naruto storm dark souls y un largo etc . xd	0
kane a dog in your care back in july was found loose today in g town . can you help us locate the owner ?	0
hide in country clubs all u want boehner ! reverserobocall .com launching soon i m one of st in line ! join me . launch	1
so on friday i wore my shawn shirt i got at the concert amp everyone was complimenting me amp telling me how much they loved him it was cute a	1
orange horizon when the sun is coming up but dark eerie sky ? welcome to raccoon city	1
the fam at hit you with a really dope look at the upcoming gucci foamposite pro . . .available this friday !	1
is bringing out kendrick lamar the th of december ! ? ! get your tickets now !	0
does anyone have photos from the show this past saturday at the kee ? one of our own was on stage !	0
 entrepreneur angelinvestor pitch in on the new birthday party super bowl sunday treat	1
he sat next to her and thought for a minute or two . have i ever told you about valentine s day ? he couldn t really think 	1
hyped for j cole and kendrick in february you know i ll be at that concert	1
well . . . .that should be addressed to p since they may understand dr . seuss . . . .emphasis on the term may 	1
heads up galaxy s ii can be wiped by just clicking a link other touchwiz devices may also be vulnerable	2
i still cannot connect the missing link that is why if jesus is the messiah why he didnt restore israel to its former glory on his st come	0
ps the things we want to do to chris evans are not appropriate for twitter . and may be illegal in at least states	0
a woman called nicki a wee bitch and spat because she sat down in front of her on the 	0
 reasonsiamawrestlingfan macho man hbk bret roddy and others who got me st hooked on it .	0
curtis may remain swans boss until the new year as manager search goes on via	0
sahib i think its too late .u should be there on st nd or rd day of eid .why u r always late ? ?	2
the gap is closing between number one google and number two facebook on the top digital advertising generating companies and pandora is th	0
if david price put up similar production over next years that he has over st seasons is he a hall of fame pitcher ?	0
gon listen to the curtis tape tomorrow might make it a full g unit monday matter fact	1
you may like this . dude from dashboard confessional playing with a band that he started awhile back .	1
thor may want to pull back a little on working the calf muscles at the gym but otherwise . . . .come to mama . purr	1
i ordered a gb nexus from amazon a couple days ago . it just shipped and should be here on thursday !	1
 th row google dead or soon about to surpass facebook in active users ?	0
jordan spieth and dustin johnson in nd it s a good day	1
i may be the only person i know who thoroughly enjoyed the kanye west rant during the vma s	1
breeders u cup fans u c watch sky am sat sun . sat r to live sun r to with live . other bc races will be replayed .	0
janet jackson pays tribute to aaliyah on the th anniversary of her death photo 	1
ok i need something to try cheer me up after the the loss last night !tickets for the brittany and nicki minaj mo night i need get looking	1
take me down to the river underneath the blood orange sun mtvsummerstar katy perry	0
going to wee myself with excitement cus i m going to the harry potter studio tours tomorrow for the first time w and	1
express bus to downtown fort lauderdale may be cut it looks like the end of the road for express bus s . . . google	2
everything i do in life set to the instrumental of last friday night by katy perry	1
so bummed i m not going to kenny chesney and jason aldean tomorrow	0
samsung unpacked on august . . might be the announcement for galaxy s edge or galaxy note 	1
crowes all day night at the right tide with the right crew . sunday papers . grateful dead and bob marley for music capeclothconvo	1
i ll start it tomorrow i ve been needing new anime to watch anyway and yes mikasa she s bae too lt 	1
hello everyone ! just a note that the attire for tomorrow s project relief aiding east africa presented by msa . . .	0
listen to kendrick lamar black friday by topdawgent np on soundcloud . so ready for the collab album .	0
remember that time people argued that we shouldn t kick trump out of the st debate ?	1
i only forgot today wasn t monday once ! better than usual on the day after labor day !	1
the sun d s going to split up ! niall louis liam deny the split . . ohnothesun us right now 	0
show your love for your local field it might win an award ! gallagher park bedlington current th in national award	1
dublin this saturday . . . gotta get on the guinness ! !	0
i swear if zayn performs tomorrow at the vmas i am not prepared mentally or physically	0
if your pupils can use an ipad better than you can then this course may well be ideal for you 	1
christians in pakistan iraq saudi arabia india palestine western china and east africa . may god ease all you pains .	1
it s official ronda rousey will get immediate rematch with holy holm ufc boss dana white said thursday that . . .	0
new plymouth u s run at state ended by west side high tonight u c . marsing hosts salmon tomorrow in a q finals .	0
would love to be going debs tomorrow but instead il go see paper towns with my mam 	1
clearly it s madonna but i think that ringo may be a close second . so many more it boggles the mind .	1
hulk hogan may have made those racist comments but when he was in wrestlemania that was my shit ! what you gonna do brother ! ? ! ? 	2
you sure it was quo ? they were the first act on u c queen weren u t nd i u m sure of it	0
carnival tomorrow in the horseshoe amphitheatre ! everyone go it ll be fun ! student singing food jumpee and games !	1
woeful start to the rd from murray . think this is lights out for him .	2
brock lesnar vs . undertaker a brief history of wwe s summerslam main event this sunday the two biggest attr . . .	0
black friday by kendrick lamar might be the best i ve ever heard . . .	1
i have a test over the trojan war tomorrow so i guess i u ll watch troy tonight	0
sunday evening uplift ? neil degrasse tyson on the most important thing to know about the universe 	1
 liestoimpresspeople i was in the nd to last row in the stadium concert amp david bowie talked directly to me . actually he did . impressed ?	1
we want gaga in st videomtv fifth harmony mtvstars lady gaga	1
jon huntsman u c jr . is speaking tomorrow at the university of akron . will be there ! ! !	1
so far today ive been asked who will win the rugby world cup and what the score would be between darlington fleetwood	0
i would say him and rousey are the hottest athletes in sports right now . savage	1
i put kendrick s in nd . i think it belongs to cole . it was a better batch of art .	0
i m so blessed i ve been able to reunite with nash and see all the other boys this past weekend and i get to see shawn live for the st time	1
james murphy may b right if pretentiousness leads to reading great books listening to great music u c even just to impress you pry win in end	1
guys video should be up at pm its the nd part of jurassic park but its only a min video its a funny momments montage	1
 pac june september . biggie smalls may march . r .i .p to the best rappers .	1
okay i m going to watch dexter and hannibal and get high and sleep because fuck monday .	0
bassi joins cleanliness drive delhi police commissioner b .s . bassi on saturday described the swachh bharat . . .	0
super excited for jason aldean and kenny chesney on the th because it has been way too long since i have been at a country concert .	1
have a great nd birthday prince george i hope u have a lovely day with lots of lovely pressies ! !	1
hope every celebrating eid had a fantastic time ! ! ! we will be open from tomorrow again at pm . thank you for . . .	1
david wright is a beast and harper needs to come to philly we will stay till the th if you play for us .	0
what would happen if thor just sat his hammer down on top of somebody ?	0
as part of my blog series on the itoa for ibmmiddleware see my th blog on value to ibm z systems itsm bigdata	1
also i may not know nicki but i trust her . as we discuss nicki minaj the vmas	1
must . get . innings . we must pile on and decimate their bullpen tonight ! because with verlander they won t need it tomorrow .	0
i m supposed to be doing a talk in my teachers office tomorrow about moon landing and i think i ll talk about david bowie songs instead	1
that sucks . i m forced to listen to kpop on thursday class . i guess my cells in brain are going to die out .	2
oct election day also harper s last day at work . elxn cdnpoli	0
afc away fans on saturday . all this stuff about the u she said no u chant . it u s bollocks . when he has the ball u c just turn your back on him .	2
it s finally here star wars day in the tracey household ! i may be taking my excitement too far . . .	1
 . no this picture was taken in january after the charlie hebdo and hyper casher attacks	0
may allah make it easy for mujahideen muslims	0
promotions coming out thanksgiving amp black friday r going to triple whatever business we have now . many will go from bp to lexus in no time !	1
dont miss this tonight and tomorrow ! big day of the dead celebration ! . . .	1
john cena s excuse tomorrow on raw will be john stewart cost me the title .	0
merson may not want to gamble u c but he u s playing poker . at some point you have to take calculated risks .	0
always a good day with eric church onthejob	1
off to scotland today for the week so i ll miss the wankfest at wembley . utd .	2
dustin johnson just needs a new calendar that says it s friday all weekend	0
who else is going to see catelynn and tyler at anthony hall on thursday ?	0
just got invited to a track camp in ohio june amp july st	1
 nd reading james class distinction should have no place among christians . god champions the poor in the world . theinspiration	1
what a good way to open monday night raw with sting lovin it ! raw wwe	1
rt good morning nigeria ! more day to go ! get ready 	1
will tenaction broadcast spanish super cup real madrid vs barcelon on the th and th of august ?	0
rt real madrid have signed a seven year old argentine boy a spokesman for the club confirmed on monday . . .	0
best friend just arrived in nyc from australia . damn it means i can t watch the two hour opener of terra nova tonight .	2
this will be me when nash s new video with skylynn is up tomorrow	1
a portion of book sales from our harper lee go set a watchman release party on mon . will support and the great work they do .	1
 gud thing about losing my phone is that it made me use my ipod which has all the songs i used listen to in rd year	1
there s a simple solution just deport all the far right wing tory amp ukip voting cocksuckers !	2
why are niall and camila even trending ? ? i bet directioners are just really bored ! ! go study ! ! you have school on monday ! !	2
so i just won suite level tickets to the ducks game next friday . i guess one can win these things sometimes . ducks hockey	1
most of you may not know this but i m into some heavy metal . iron maiden metallica dio . . . the band not the guy and more .	0
you guys realize that summerslam is this sunday right ? ? why does the card have only matches right now ?	2
no videos tomorrow u c except for one . and u c honestly u c it is the biggest thing to happen to the group since we moved to making lp videos .	1
cate blanchett and rooney mara star in carol from november . save the date !	1
tomorrow at pm u c you will finally be able to watch filthy rich clip in youtube filthyrichclip	0
catelynn and tyler are speaking tuesday the th at pm in the south ballroom of the bernhard center . fo free !	1
hosmer has the most strikeouts on the royals other mlb players have struck out more . kris bryant has the nd most ks in the mlb	1
hong kong july reuters jpmorgan chase amp co has hired former ubs ag banker david li as its new china head the u	0
i may need you . depending on what happens with t mobile . do you offer any free phones or anything on sign up ?	1
as of right now it s drake kendrick and cole . that th spot is still available . . .or they might be the holy trinity .	0
i hated tata martino in barca and i can t stand him coaching argentina ! even though it s a friendly no reason to play defenders in st 	2
needs vols this sat . ucla . email info if you can help . free lunch for full day !	1
loveiseunhaehyuk oct u c eunhae icn to nanjing geez were they glued at the hip the whole time ? 	1
have an appointment at the bellamy tomorrow . . . might be moving in there next semester excited	1
is it just me or does danny seem a lot like billy crystal in the first rd of when harry met sally ?	0
yes it s november rd and yes all the halloween candy is on clearance targetrun	1
talking about act u s sat u s u c deciding where i want to go to college u c applying to colleges and everything about college stresses me out .	2
raw and smackdown . the authority is doing a lousy job . they re doing everything under the sun to keep seth rollins as champ	2
falkirk sounds class my man ! fri or sat ? edinburgh derby on sunday fancy it ? might have a spare ticket singlelad	1
i don t see why justin thinks it s okay to work tuesday s . . it s fall were supposed to get burgers at bar louie and blackout	2
the fact that rowyso started on star wars day may the th be with you wherever you are rowysorememberallthememories	1
awesome response guys ! the correct answer is sam gagner and brendan smith . all of you will be put into the draw this coming thursday ! jt	1
my chum has etickets for foo fighters at mk bowl for this sunday but illness is stopping them going . up for face value foofighters	0
just to see a bitch that looks like jay z ? got me fucked up on the th level of hell .	2
would anyone wanna go with shawn and i to renn faire sunday september ? ?	0
i added a video to a playlist fitness tips with ashleigh mcivor amp kendrick december squat	0
championship thurs blue raider hoop camp today ! ! ! closing ceremonies in murphy center ! ! ! autographs with all players !	0
david price out of the st . omg you guys ivan nova is a yankee ! bluejays	1
come join us for friday night nirvana red square party center i m there playing from to come hang with us ! !	1
going to go see ant man tomorrow hope it s good	1
ben amos doing well .another clean sheet . he says he u s enjoying the challenge of playing regular st team football . mufc	1
see you on oct ! sm bacolod excited ! dd	1
zayn was like c mon then c mon putting his head close to me like when you re going to have a fight then he just leaned forward amp kissed me	1
james rodriguez scored in the th minute as colombia beat the canadian men s national soccer team on tues . . .	1
working tonight is seriously interfering with the fact that its wednesday and the challenge is on wahh getmeouttahere	0
a fall celebration at the park place market this saturday ! vendors include scentsy avon younique thirtyone . . .	1
anyone who wants to to come to the sharknado party starts at rd one starts at please bring to help buy food if you plan to eat	0
 dwight howard gets his th career point u c rebound u c assist game . too bad it comes in a loss . portland	2
she won impressively with bobby jindal nd .	0
my plan for next thursday is be on website in next b g flick wish me happy b day bri bri	1
happy wednesday ! ! ! i have signed up with younique and am now part of an awesome team of people and an amazing . . .	1
jay z can i get a fuck you ? jay z s dad i don t know can you ? jay z may i get a fuck you ? jay z s dad no it s supper time . go wash up .	0
you know kim kardashian may be known for her sex tape but lets admit that woman has done something . and yes she . . .	1
 we just unlocked motorola mb from nigeria mtn network . unlock your cell phone today at	0
i touched base w the united states for the st time in greenbelt md prince george s county .	0
so is it written in the stars that mayo will lose saturday and dublin will lose final to kerry ? gaa allireland	0
just a note to anyone running to the light to upgrade to windows . you may experience issues with drivers for video amp printers .	0
did you know september is international talk like a pirate day ? and a mighty fine day it is mateys ! arrrrrrrrr !	1
indiana u c northwestern u c end first half u c men u s soccer . eriq zavaleta u s th goal the difference . iu dominating play . iusocc	0
ant man starts tonight ! pg . showtimes pm each night amp weekends . monday matinee august th . fried . . .	1
may i get a lucas scott for a sleepover tonight ? please ! dalalwantslucasscott	0
 yr old vet serafim todorov the last man to beat floyd mayweather makes his return to the ring on sun . will fight on card in bulgaria	1
i was turning in the th grade when i started to support justin . now im a freshman in highschool still loving him to this day time flies	1
 internationaldirectionerday it s obv . directioners day is on rd of july . . directionators are just jerks !	2
exactly why i ll never buy sony . those st class ass kissers are dick pulling the media for high scores on future games . lol .	2
 i m already excited for winter jam and it s all the way in february !	1
cold cold cold but the sun is rising over twickers .	0
well his belief that jurassic world is the nd best film of the year pretty much proved that	1
so far for these past weeks all my music has consisted of zac brown band songs . so excited for the concert friday !	1
why did i just spend the last min rapping my fav kendrick lamar songs when i have a page paper due tomorrow ? ?	0
rt rt the safest place to be in tottenham tonight is the spurs trophy cabinet . there s no chance of looters . . .	0
departure of ship ams port abu dhabi time nov am utc time of arrival departure is the time the vessel approa . . .	0
just a reminder no brewery yoga this saturday september th . still come and celebrate with aardwolf brewery for . . .	1
a win over england on the th day of the rd test match will give us one more reason to celebrate the independence day ! via	1
i m really hoping seth rollins finds a way to win on sunday . i don t want to see cena reign . no thanks .	1
mannn kendrick may be better than future but i would rather listen to future am day of the week .	1
i was all about naruto and anime in middle school early high school lol . if it s still good i may get back into it	1
douglas wack ! they got shumpert . he be dunking on niggas . i dunked in lebron with lin last night hahahahhaa on brentley	2
heard great things about the audio versions of game of thrones although the preferred reader did not read the th book 	1
is bruce missing out ? kris jenner looks amazing post divorce at la party while it seems bruce may have moved . . .	1
 amp fell in love with the same e . does this make the rd wheel ?	1
modric and kovacic return to madrid training after croatia loss real madrid trained on monday afternoon with . . .	0
rudd rains on abbott u s parade kevin rudd may be trying to spoil julia gillard u s party but yesterday he gate cra . . .	2
what time is the service tomorrow beichi ? at the cog near smb	0
i wish i was in d .c . tomorrow for the protestirandeal with trump and senator ted cruz	1
every sunday the same man drinking a beer on a stoop asks me hey how was pilates ? how do i tell him that it was yoga ? yoga !	0
justin once more waited for ellen to take her seat before he sat himself oh my baby	1
this is the exact face my girlfriend had when i bought her a ferrari for valentine s day	1
dean ambrose with roman regains vs braun strowman now on wwe monday night raw 	0
dec th . i know it u s so far and near the end of sagittarius but i u m a full blown sag girl lol	1
did you see us in the gazette on saturday ? if you missed it here is the electronic version	0
veteran day is on the th remember to thank a vet or soldier for the fact that you had the right to vote on tuesday .	1
i should u ve been guarding parker on that last play . he may have scored but i bet i would u ve been on the right side of the court .	0
in irish cinemas august st we ve got some teen romantic drama arriving in the form of paper towns as well a . . .	0
calibraska literally comes out tomorrow and i m really excited to hear shallow love bc it was so good at sots	1
i believe the loss at rg to wawrinka was first time in a decade federer didn t break once in a gs match . this might be the nd . usopen 	1
it s august th . still no frank ocean album me 	0
when u run into the white sox future rd baseman amp realize u were his teacher . fullcircle adorbs vansonmans	1
spurs may aswell make use of adebayor there paying him millions and there guna need someone when they realise kane is a one season wonder	2
i pre ordered the taken king digital collector s edition for both the ps and ps in july and i didn t receive anything today . . . 	2
just saw u with cannavaro u c didn u t know u were here in italy ! congratz for being the nd best in the world ! ! ! legend	1
strictly x factor big brother saturday night tv gonna leave me with square eyes !	1
oh . days is there ? thanks for the information . any way this is the nd mercy petition . this has no value . yakub has to hang	0
august th is work like a dog day . because sometimes you just have to do what you have to do . jay z said it well can t knock the hustle ! . . .	0
joyful noise gathers wednesday nights at pm in the sanctuary . come and sing with friends !	0
ready to see the sixers play the nuggets tomorrow !	1
i m sad . tomorrow is the first night that teen wolf won t be on .	0
rudi garcia insists roma must come flying out of the blocks when they take on juventus tomorrow . romajuve	1
 st day of spring gardening apple watch was super handy nose based navigation ftw	1
well said if anyone watching this yakub episode they may think this is the only case whole indian judiciary has at the moment .shame	0
can u t wait to see how wk of the safe house sermon will be broken down . this sunday is kanye u s verse . my pastor keeps it real	1
i like your work but that money may v . rousey is ludicrous . i couldn t even finish reading it .	0
 top boko haram militants arrested nigeria says nigeria s security agency said on sunday it had made signi . . .	2
i was just informed that dst is on sunday ? spring ahead fall back ! hops on organ 	1
only because the jets are playing tonight i m going to a red bull match on sunday . only playoff team in the ny area	0
 newyear love fun chicago cubs rookie third baseman kris bryant left sunday s game against the milwaukee bre . . .	1
now now some of them are coming over to support bernie sanders because he makes sense but then they may agree ?	1
the white sox say mike olt is expected to join the team in the coming days . sox back here against the indians on monday .	1
i hope that barca does a lot more better in the nd half then in the st half .	0
if the election were held tomorrow i d only vote for bernie sanders .	1
loling at hillary apology . . . st she said all of us were confused a nice way of saying stupid now she apologizes using server . greta	0
floyd mayweather ranked his top five boxers . where he puts muhammad ali may shock you 	0
saladinio s rbi in the th lifts white sox to win over mariners	0
weekly round up of transfer news and the fc gomel game . i am glad to say i was present and sat in the lower cen . . .	1
great shows at java jazz in jakarta . just landed in tokyo and we u ll be at billboard live tomorrow with al jarreau the george duke trio .	1
stone s bandmate jeff s new band rndm is playing the jimmy fallon show tomorrow night . check it out .	1
launched back in june here is a pic of the lexus hoverboard in action martymcfly	0
catelynn and tyler from teen mom are going to western to speak next tuesday .	0
separation of church and state doesn t seem to apply to islam does it ?	0
fun fact in th grade i thought dave grohl and eddie vedder were the same person	1
monday s aren t so bad when your friend surprises you with last minute sam smith tickets !	1
kendrick s black friday track destroyed cole s but they was just warming us up for rotd 	0
anderson versus murray anderson set ahead now nd set . games ahead . murray just kept his game .	0
i m starting the marker in a min then i m done ill do warners tomorrow she s long	0
david price is a blue jay and the blue jays are in a playoff spot in august . im extremely happy with the way things are right now	1
kanye west . i m just imagining his wife as st lady . kim in the whitehouse will we know every inch of the whitehouse thru insta !	0
 seniorquote i don t know about today i don t know about tomorrow but just do how you feel at the time kanye west a true intellectual	0
let s just hope cyborg and rousey fight in december is more than just a rumor . ufc	0
is chris evans turning into alan partridge ? brian may s introduction just needed an a ha bbcmusicawards	0
then the st song is devils and the time on it is and if you look at the bible verse john 	0
i can t wait for the main event of summerslam undertaker vs brock lesnar ! may the best man win !	1
galliani confirmed that boateng will join milan . he ll be included in the team from th of january . milan	1
stuck in the dallas airport until . . . on a saturday night gettincrazy getmehome	2
if frank ocean s next album is as good as the nd half of pyramids then it s going to be a instant classic	1
sooooo out of the woods may have just turned me into a taylor swift fan much like closer got me to finally hear tegan amp sara .	1
heading to the show tomorrow morning with mommy . lets hope we get front row tvtime	1
they might as well drop the last friday and let ice cube son play craig niggas look jus alike	0
to honor norman reedus black cat he adopted eitd and monday is mingus bday .lets make monday adopt a black cat day .	1
i used to watch abc sunday night movies with the fam now we watch newsroom on hbo how times have changed .	0
fail philly daily news with the nd worse possible frank gifford death photo v	2
this time tomorrow ac dc will be melting my fucking face off along with other faces . acdc metlife	1
i play horse against jordan farmar on sun for charity . working on my over the backboard shots today in the st . john bosco gym	0
just met the players for the st time this roger johnson fella walks around like he owns the place . so i debagged him flicked his helmet !	2
yeah it s on netflix i think now . i still like the futuristic and action concepts even today .	1
naww u may not be the best band for you then	2
i did need to check to make sure this wasn t a junior tory minister i d never heard of .	2
rt aaron rodgers reminds how good he is on nd drive finishes with yard td pass to jennings . ma . . .	1
i feel pity for erdogan and some other kuffar when i see them . like don t you know what path your taking ? may allah guide us all ameen	0
it is not about tsipras any more . it is about how the rd mou will be implemented . get over him . . .	2
fleetwood mac lot of s don t stop you make lovin fun rhiannon monday morning	1
tickets avail for insieme next sunday may th at moomba ! alessandra felicia on stage to perform start a great night ! don t miss it y all	1
musical chuck norris . but you know bury tomorrow bonking has a ring to it	0
alex u c the female sideline commentator for sunday night football . . .sounds like kermit the frog . how did they let you on the air ?	0
i downloaded the first season of dexter gonna start watching the nd episode . time to tweet twittwit 	0
time for bed ! hope it rains tomorrow . . . . and wake up to a harry niall liam louis and zayn follow mtvhottest one direction	1
nokia n might just come to the uk unofficially though finnish mobile giant nokia may have made it clear that the uk along with sw . . .	0
updated packinspain blog with some stat totals u c like lorenzo brown and c .j . leslie with double doubles 	0
just did spartacus . and sauna . . .imma be sore tomorrow but so worth it	1
a rule change should allow carly fiorina to earn a spot on the main stage for the nd republican debate .	1
moderate rain fall in d .c . prince george s amp charles counties . showers also in culpeper . st day of school there !	0
wi a live up the higt life smoke from day till twilight smoke from night till sun light . . . movado high like	0
kris and caitlyn jenner meet for the st time aol on	0
there s a bunch of people in my room and all i want to do is watch sunday s big brother	2
actually he s watching last monday night raw big show v dean ambrose right now	0
we are going up ! i just guided leeds united to nd place in non league c full version 	1
 kurtcobain nirvana and they keep asking me why do i love him this much kurt you re the best ! love nirvana fav band	1
it s star wars day at school tomorrow . i think my r d is ready !	1
you ve just flushed your life down the toilet taker . this sunday brock lesnar will fucking kill you !	2
so meek just sat on his ass and didn t walk nicki up to the stage ? vmas 	2
i have to do an all about me project ik what is this th grade ? but anyways i have to list my accomplishments and my only is a niall follow	0
happy birthday to roman abramovich the man who made everything possible u c i hope we u ll give him his present on the th . cfc	1
gadkari on attack mode u c says ready for any probe bjp president nitin gadkari on wednesday took on the congress . . .	0
lexus es black with tan interior . bids end date wednesday sep pdtbuy it now . . .	1
im doing a cover of act like you love me tomorrow with shawn of course . im gong to try to make it the best i can .	1
muslims claiming they are victims of oppression when the quran keeps them in perpetual isolation	2
on the beer in cork tomorrow night then back to waterford saturday evenin and out for ducks birthday . looking forward to the weekend booze	1
tomorrow is going to be interesting let s see what my mom will say about me wearing my kurt cobain shirt to a party	1
 arkham knight sir . i may be new to you but i m not to then batman . we have something in common . we both want his head . 	2
who the hell moshes at matt and kim ? ? next time watch out for my face u c mofos ! my cheekbones better not be purple tomorrow .	2
iron maiden will probably keep me going until the match tomorrow night lol	1
but then again . real madrid rule spanish football . so they may still push it through even after the their window closes .	1
set of skills . skills that may make me a pleasure for a woman like you . i won t go floyd mayweather on you but i will fornicate	1
peyton manning may have been in the calvin fitness center this afternoon lookalikealert	0
did you know that david miliband was a yum junglist ? catch this friday night .	0
ruined sun night baseball again by replacing hall of fame pitcher with a woman because he spoke truth about muslims . curtschilling	2
milan just got its st same sex second parent adoption adoption family italy	0
no pace or creativity defenders know how to play against kane and lloris has saved us too many times rd week in a row with only cf thfc	0
riverfront park is almost open with eric church on july th . read the things you need to know before going !	1
just bought tickets for milan ! can t wait to see you in april ! love you so much xoxoxoxo	1
funny corbyn worries innocent people may be killed in syrian war but doesn t care about the people the ira killed	2
i m so excited for dave grohl and the foo fighters to be in the hood saturday	1
drogba as reports suggest he is preferred to start u c if cannavaro has anything close to the game he had on friday then he takes this .	0
ofcourse ! looking forward to murray s th round game against the big serving anderson . a potential setter . usopen nightshift	1
with apple expected to announce details of a new iphone today the timing may be right to sell your old smartphone .	0
are u going to digi tomorrow	1
nitemoves is the place too b september nd foam party !	0
vice president joe biden gave his most striking and somber answer yet on thursday about whether he plans to run . . .	1
your going to be tamping etc etc come sunday evening u c up the mackems	0
tru . . . .i may still need to glance it . . .because jurassic world straight sucked	2
shouts out to my bro ! ! go follow my dude and turn up with him every thursday and sunday night in club bodi ! salute	1
honored to work with the man rolling stone hails the father of modern bluegrass rodney dillard ! nashville	1
i u ve got tickets to see leonard cohen in rosemont u c il on november that i can u t use . anyone interested ? face value is about .	0
i so miss the colliding helmets abc monday night football use to do . plus the storytelling element that frank gifford and bob costas did	0
liking how tennessee williams wrote a play named candles in the sun obviously wondering if frank ocean read it .	0
batman killed used a gun lived in new york not gotham for the st few years in comics batman kindle amazon	0
hfunderpants ?aug . taiul end of show with grateful dead s we will get by into station id as . . .	1
murray d . bellucci . much better play from the start compared to his last match . very tamed match . into th round . usopen	1
i m sat watching the worst harry potter film ugh	2
tomorrow is going to be another beautiful day ! amazing day to be outside for marching band practice ! u c we can and we will do it 	1
sad . .but not the st time amp i m a sports fan amp a kids for education bluff . .its all scott walker . .you cant feel but sad for wi .	2
you may want a picture just like that but you may not be as gucci as me sorry about your luck	2
interesting enough why is it islam is the one culture religion rd wave feminism refuses to criticize ?	2
and my toughest final is tomorrow it s cumulative and i ve been watching amy schumer and the office all night instead of studying	0
don t forget to sign up for the dc walk to end hiv taking place next saturday from am . register here 	0
cliff avril leaves detroit lions game with back injury detroit lions defensive end cliff avril left sunday u s ga . . .	2
bet money the headline from that acceptance speech tomorrow is just gonna be kanye west high at the vma s 	0
if only ever watched the bbc and cnn you may not know that saudi arabia is bombing yemen with us uk french arms . bias	2
bbc s eggheads cj de mooi thinks he may have killed a mugger while living homeless as teen	0
jindal on clinton emails orange really is the new black louisiana gov . bobby jindal on wednesday mocked hi . . .	0
 snews shakes don t worry we re still in it mathoho amp coetzee out boks all fit honda mclaren split ? kev v murray isner v fed th rnd .	0
nah . st hulk hogan is an open bigot nd meek mill trashed the undertaker music and now another legend has died .	2
can t say yet whether he will mount white house run joe biden us vice president joe biden said on thursday h . . .	0
el ahly will play with atletico madrid on nov 	0
the sun has been trying to push this whole end of d mantra since zayn left so they can get credit for being the first to say it	0
frock me fair returns to chelsea old town hall this sunday from am with lots of amazing vintagefashion	1
drink a tank every time they say thor on the fox broadcast and see if you can make it til the th inning . boulevardbeer	1
it s national ice cream day on sunday july . get the ice cream scoop . nationalicecreamday	1
twilight thursday at the arms family museum ! memories of christmas past is open today with music from the mahoning valley chorale .	1
look for the jurassic park suv near the camarillo air show on sunday for special discounted passes to c . get . . .	1
glenn will personally go to the border to bring in christians marked for extermination last friday glenn pl . . .	0
alexandra de curtis rome the satchel grande amp piccola brighten up your friday with these beautiful bags !	1
see i dont see that really . . .yeah murray lost fumbles the st gms . . . didnt have another the next 	0
 best ideas of the week the espy awards project runway th anniversary party calgary stampede	1
don u t miss the free sunset blues concert tonight from pm with march fourth marching band in mountain . . .	0
tim mahoney performs u with a full band tomorrow night at pioneer place ! this is such an awesome concert . there . . .	1
ralphie may has got to be the laziest fucking comedian of my life . . making jokes about vaginas . it s only funny when amy schumer does that ! !	2
if anyone wants to take me to see jason aldean tomorrow for my bday you ll be my bffl 	1
great game . . .tremendous way to start the season . bring it on and next sunday real madrid v barcelona .	1
 nola lsu tigers central last chance to chat about lsu vs . kentucky join beat writer jim kleinpeter friday n lsu	0
monday and you re all over me now it s friday and you re mia mtvstars lady gaga	1
good morning u c hong kong ! meme pa ang kasama ko u c may headache what u s the jap resto again in lkf other than ippudo ?	0
my law teacher was indirectly taunting me about isis and charlie hebdo today on class o wonder what s gonna happen on monday . . . .	2
top gear to return in the spring says chris evans chrisevans	0
 of syrians are graduates . perhaps angela merkel s decision is not just humanitarian .	0
somewhere in the universe floyd mayweather just peed his pants worrying that he may run into ronda rousey in a dark alley .	0
best believe i ll be going to disneyland every week starting the th i love halloween time	1
monday feels a little easier after safc res fantastic win . . .and the mackems couldnt even beat us with in own backyard alwaysinourshadow	1
our daytona is on wednesday ! shootout and duels on tuesday . thants to for letting us use some rules . rules to the end .	0
ben lederman may well end up being the first american to play for barca but for the time being it sounds like he s heading to florida .	0
now i can understand why george harrison wrote here comes the sun . sun after almost a month . bangalore ! ! !	1
which players do you think deserve to be in saf starting xi against arsenal on saturday u s game ?	0
 chess news chess previews previews london grand prix opening ceremony a party at the the th . . . chessdom	0
hope i actually take it steady tomorrow night n don t end up falling out of twilight rocking up home at am	0
since tomorrow is the th anniversary of george harrison s death my tweets will just be about george . sound good ?	1
kenny chesney and jason aldean concert tonight and leave for mammoth tomorrow . . .one could say i m spoiled with greatness rn	0
buses to replace train services on sunday as fans flock to the national bowl to see foo fighters onemk	0
i saw best coast there for the first time during th grade along with wavves on venice beach	1
let s hope the match between cyborg and rousey doesn t happen years too late like pac may .	0
i wish they d make memorial day and labor day on fridays . . . .no real difference but having a friday off seems so much better than a monday .	0
purdue s bentley and the defense in shut down mode on their first series . mr . optimist wonders if boilers can get st play mulligan ?	1
i u m just suggesting it for the sake of completeness u c a la polaris u s may st deadline academy awards u dec . .	0
ancelotti may want consider keeping it schtum about di maria after spending more replace him with a vastly inferior model . .pun intended	1
un mediator doesn t place blame in negev battle but charges israel with obstruction of truce in refusing access to observers dec 	2
and i feel the exact same way about allderdice haha its my nd favorite project he s released behind k oj . hes making good music	1
khan says chisora won u t be the same after his ko vs haye is he still dizzy from getting put on his ass on saturday ? idiot	2
dustin johnson about to be off the wagon after another sunday in a major .	0
yoga class ! wed at pm ! healing arts collective in philadelphia check the link for details	1
justin bieber is working on his man bun and his tan over the holiday break man buns may not be the safest h . . .	0
went to see the psychedelic sun ra arkestra last night at the barbican centre . trippin	0
super happy for kendrick today but the reality is he ll lose of those nominations in february and then it s back to hating the grammys .	1
 st take talkin about the boys need a leader of men for head coach u c which i agree on . lets just give ray lewis the coaching job lol	0
ok it s september th the concert is over shawn liked vines i was in ally pointed at me i m not at playlist live im overwhelmed	1
due to accidents traffic my sat nav took me through the blackhall tunnel instead of dartfordgot a nice drive past the olympic park though !	0
 seconds to mars night of the hunter shannon leto remix single sep 	0
it seems the rest of my life may just be convincing people to watch ant man with me .	2
just hung up with south florida whose team will try to make the ncaa tournament for the nd straight year . . . .	0
if you were considering a tfr to spurs would the rioting last night put you off ?	0
lady gaga accepted billboard s woman of the year award friday and spoke out during her speech against sexism in the music industry . amp nbsp 	1
scott walker turned a heckling incident at the iowa state fair on monday into an opportunity to hawk his book and . . .	0
someone just told me this friday is officially halloween time at disneyland and i m screaming ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ? ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !	1
video john cena hits jon stewart with an attitude adjustment on monday night raw	0
this saturday come hang out with buran theatre on cinco de mayo as we drink up u c tell stories and prep destructo . . .	0
i wake up feeling good on a sunday and you bring me back to this world of kurt cobain and lion bars . so tired of you	0
damn near thinking about selling my ticket to chris brown show on the th	2
galatasaray led by after the st quarter but has gotten smoked getting outscored through the st minutes	2
chance the rapper concert oct th then janet jackson concert oct th . . .	1
jarrod dyson hits a solo homer off erik johnson to cut the white sox lead to in the th . of royals hits off johnson are solo homers .	0
why would you waste a good ipod like this . . .idiots . . .idiots	2
mr . scoggins u c will you be down in knoxville next saturday ? if so u c you should stop by and say hi .	0
u have to always check airline . . .airasia just ended . .next promo i think in december . .when u plan to go ?	0
it s september th and david wright has rbi s and extra base hits why the fuck is he in the middle of our lineup ? !	2
i hope you are voted for on aug th for dwts ! that would be the ish while we wait for season of . . . lllinkkk	1
the picture is from karm al zeitoun massacre in march you can find one with the same children on 	0
good night everyone tomorrow is the last day of star wars weekends lt 	1
tomorrow ! ! ! ! will be playing at the strawberry festival in watsonville from am pm ! come out and support ftd ! !	1
this is the exact reason why i don t preorder friday releases from amazon . they always push it back to the monday delivery .	2
my st presidential decree the national anthem has been changed to a min long improvisation from a grateful dead concert	1
oppa you back to seoul tonight because you can show in inkigayo tomorrow take care i will miss you babe 	1
also the not afraid pictures are from after the charlie hebdo attack from january not after the parisian attacks .	0
lady gaga just interrupted matt bomer s hotline bling dance break on ahs hotel and we may never forgive her don t you just hate i . . .	2
kanye west performing s amp heartbreak the hollywood bowl sept amp . poster photography by nick knight donda	0
i have to wake up at tomorrow . i gotta be at the pomona fairplex by 	0
think about voting for bernie sanders and the future of government may be brighter	1
ben affleck is in el cuz the students wanted him to be the surprise guest at the izzone campout tomorrow !	1
i just read your janet jackson article no sleeep hit on the r amp b billboard charts and her unbreakable cd release date is oct 	0
looks like sports teams owners r studying the congressional playbook . st the nfl now the nba lock out players threatening the season .	0
paul mccartney is coming to state college in october to perform live at the bryce jordan center ! ! ! omfg faints 	1
what a weekend . big blue madness tonight cats at lsu tomorrow hawks preds tomorrow and just bought hawks isles tickets for us	1
for everyone who enjoyed rain with us see paul mccartney live in detroit !	1
congratulations to our texas beauty for placing st runner up at the miss usa pageant last night ! winx is the . . .	1
 vegas odds on paul dunne actually making it to the final rnd . . no matter what happens be proud ! ! go get it mon bud ! ! amateurchampion	1
shaker is going to have school tomorrow . there s no doubt about that . . . the really question is am i gonna go ? ?	1
 dec third udr soldier in four days along with one who recently resigned was shot dead by the ira in clady	2
ok if you buy me a ticket to iran from th of june till end of august	0
ted nugent talks to us about hunting and other stuff he u s got on his mind this saturday at am on the great outdoors u c nuge	0
thanks for advising ! rt st formal chapter of the yr went well . excited to be advising beta chi chp at university of denver	1
sunday times launches the marie colvin scholarship u c seeking future foreign correspondents u c under . deadline sept 	0
interactive tv may be the next big thing but what are your real life thoughts on apple tv ? iwishitwerebetter . . .shhh	1
just found out that the boys will be on ellen on november th . . . ahhh so happy u 	1
didnt the ers learn from the nfc championship game back in january ?	0
when i do auto time on my ipod it thinks it january 	0
 fakta on the th of mar cao cao attempted an assassination on dong zhuo an evil tyrant that use the last emperor of han as a puppet .	2
the wisdom of not running phony republicans tonight is this all six dems are now winners . all six repubs are losers to be . wirecall p 	2
 july jerusalem was conquered by the crusaders .tens of thousands of muslims jews amp orthodox christians were massacred .	2
tiffany u c cnblue u s yonghwa and b st u s kikwang will mc for the sbs k pop super concert in america on nov 	0
heat vs knicks is the most interesting st round matchup . in the east that is .	1
she may be best person for the job but transparency means kerry should have announced it at the same time he hired her . sheesh .	0
hi are profiling sam smith this saturday and we d love to talk to you . could you email me pls ? ben .carter	0
i laugh to death ! ! !lol ! ! don t trust the translation of google anymore ! it s is full of errors ! ! btw u played truant today . . !	2
tip o the day on green day friday give your old laptop a new life via globetops	0
steve jobs silky mouthed fellatio is akin to the bliss of my iphone each and every morning . hail to the king baby !	1
that galaxy note looking like it could be future bae in november when i upgrade .	1
saudi arabia is a monarchy . but it may fall if economy gets very worse and the king cant buy people off anymore .	2
my predictions for the bb tomorrow . cfmf . dmd . cheerleader . watch me . lean on . bad blood . see you again . my way 	0
snsd releases their music videos for flower power with just two weeks to go before the release of their th j . . .	0
sooo . . what you u re telling me is that no one is down to get drunk as shit for the cypress game tomorrow and talk shit to the cypress kids ?	2
i ve just sat and listened to sam smith s album i m emo	0
my dad just bought him and i v .i .p tickets to see paul mccartney in october and i am so fucking stoked	1
kyocera rise review . c mon sprint . even for a budget phone this isn t going to cut it .	2
photographer nabil elderkin on shooting kanye west nelson mandela and war complex has sat down with esteemed . . .	0
rachael evening ! unleashed is on ! ! kicking off your monday night with the vamps beyonce and x factor winner louisa all before pm ! x	1
u gotta love the rahul gandhi afternoons . so much fun . wonder why they don t make him speak on monday . . .will help getting over monday blues	1
i m so excited because you are coming to mexico city in october ! i love you follow me please nsn	1
john kasich says the reagan people talk of is a caricature and reagan was moderate . kasich may be a cartoon but reagan is no caricature	0
katy perry flashes huge lovely cleavage in going down dress as she steals attention from . . . katy perry may n . . .	0
me ma ? ma yes u c love bug . me wyd ? ma grilling with shanney and april . me at ? at night . in memphis .while i u m in knoxville . .	0
who are you tomorrow videomtv fifth harmony mtvstars lady gaga	0
odds on donald trump becoming next us president and jeremy corbyn becoming next uk pm now just with in july	0
we re in the what th week of the nfl season and danny amendola and brian cushing are both healthy . this is weird .	1
 st star review . colour of lemon sets off like a bullet train with the gruesome murder of one of sowerbutt u s own .	2
lifting up the people affected in those areas u c especialy in ny and in nj . may they experience god u s holding them close to his heart !	1
love the way floyd mayweather only refers to himself in rd person	1
may madonna on the set of the papa don t preach music video on staten island new york city	0
tgif ! please be reminded of our weekly bible study and friday service at pm ! see you there ! power achieve	1
selling floor seat tickets to chris brown for this wednesday amphitheater hmu if you want them 	1
all of a sudden my whole weekend filled up with fun ! going rafting in the cascades tomorrow 	1
hope you can join me tomorrow at pm at scoreboard bar and grill in nashville tn !	1
fraud fears as iebc turns to old poll kit the electoral commission on wednesday said it will take measures to e . . .	2
our beautiful new firepit is complete u c just in time for the friday night movie u c journey the mysterious island . . . .	0
sounds like frank gifford just did not wake up sunday morning . just a guess from what i have read .	2
sept is when views from the is gonna drop so be patient at least it won t be as long of a wait for frank ocean	0
the only dirty bombs on sunday will be the ones launched by mark dirty sanchez and the jets as they pummel romo s homos terror nyj wtc	2
tomorrow s field trip day so i deserve dunkin bfast . then it s friday so definitely deserve dunkin . and well saturdays are special so . . .	0
what do you think of the outfit caitlyn jenner wore to kylie s th ?	0
last day of august waiting for frank ocean to pull a beyonce .	0
i m going to nekromantix at hifi in sydney australia oct 	0
david wright stranded for the third time tonight for st . lucie . mets trail headed to the th inning .	0
for football fans it s transfer deadline day . for us barca fans its just another monday v	1
saudi security spending rises . bln in minister dubai dec reuters saudi arabia increased it . . .	0
she said she looked like janet jackson bitch got out of the car looking more like freddie jackson friday	2
ah theres robbie keane . .bidding to be the st international footballer to score goals	0
be wary any time walker says he isn t seeking scott walker i m not seeking to repeal birthright citizenship video 	0
best way to spend a friday afternoon watching the new batman .	1
 these birds dont buy the sun banner at the carling cup final for mikey dye the lfc dontbuythesun	0
have you guys got ur eric church tix yet ? prices go up august st	0
watched all of x factor video s last night . he needs to start making music wicked voice !	1
but it seems difference is waino getting stronger kershaw was the same till the th . that s all i gots .	0
today is the first saturday in weeks that i m not at disneyland . i feel weird . what do i even do ?	0
 xfactor is the xfactor now just turning into a gay talent show aimed at the gay community to increase ratings mostly freaks on sun night	2
david wright is playing baseball tomorrow for the first place new york mets	0
paul mccartney said great job ! ! ! i liked it ! ! jul songs for . ken dulin 	1
well beautiful people the actual album in full glory will arrive today ready for tomorrow at the horn ! thanks to you guys rock	1
while former ira terrorists swan around with their letters of immunity handed to them by tony blair . absurd .	2
if milan beat samp tomorrow we will face one of fio or carpi . if we can win that we will face the one of spezia or alessandria in semis .	1
honey badger and jordan jefferson both got arrested for pot possession for the rd time . he u s out for good fuckkkk herbaddiction	2
if a zombie apocalypse happened then raccoon city would be a reality . you may have to watch of the resident evil movies . 	0
hi my name issk nicki and itsssks thffe firsskt day of sshckhool me in my new retainer tomorrow	0
only hours left ! gonna be so sick concert bachelor party and i get paid to not work on monday .as ice cube would say today was a good day	1
zayn ? jlo ? madonna ? selena ? jlo ? if we are talking iconic instagrams . . . kylie gigi kendal even bieber make sense	0
tomorrow is the feast of bl . pope john paul ii . i u ve almost finished stocking up on the necessary celebration supplies . celebrate catholic	1
jindal landrieu appear on face the nation sunday on face the nation on cbs gov . bobby jindal delivered the sam . . .	1
ryan and i are fighting about which one of us is gonna hook up with phil u s dog tomorrow night	0
david beckham at soulcycle david beckham out and about los angeles . july images show all image . . .	1
at least there is hope coming around february . i u m looking at a team where jr smith is the x factor .	1
adult summer reading club ends on august th . make sure to log your items before the deadline 	0
rui en should be st lead . confirm . she is good eh . i like her scene with her niece and yangyang . chemistry damn good .	1
they go to a different place for brunch every saturday . they started the tradition with ihop	0
holly wants to fight before july dana white says no . . .so can white prevent holly from earning until he says okay ?	2
i m a red sox fan amp this man should have just sat down after his bloody sock salvation amp never said anything again .	2
big week in the house of flo st day of kindergarten st day of preschool son turns amp gets to watch star wars amp a birthday party !	1
i got plenty ! ! go to icc on saturday . is djing and i ll bring you a bag .	1
goodnight april all the way from vanuatu the south pacific ! love	1
saudi arabia said on sunday that at least two women were elected to public office in the conservative islamic kingdom after winning seats	1
hello m from iran plssss ask srk reply me amp just say hello farah plssss meri dream ko real may badal do	0
worldstarhiphop has a video of kissing stevie j men don t kiss other men on the lips . . st time was suspect now you guilty	2
i honestly find it difficult to imagine a reader not knowing that watchman was a st attempt with serious issues .	0
saturday aug th rum runners will be hosting the captains hangover . . .come celebrate the ccdjo champs birthday . i might even do the wobble . .	1
its in milan so hopefully it will be there today . it was a bank holiday on monday which may cause delay so no later than monday	0
music is on shuffle but this is the th fleetwood mac song in a row what is my phone trying to tell me	1
good evening planet hollywood happy saturday to you hi may i ask if your going to be selling any janet jackson unbreakable tour t	1
thinking about going to valley state or ole miss homecoming on saturday	0
while all you fucks go to school tomorrow ill be waking up to go to venice beach	1
another day of iss tomorrow . it won u t even that bad .	1
ive just realized minotaurs st company consists of mostly termies u c preds and vindicators lol forgeworldonly	0
reggie isn u t interested in dealing picks like the old regime . can u t see him parting with anything other than a th or th	2
new iron maiden album and the star wars aftermath novel both release tomorrow . it s going to be a busy friday .	1
apple special event live bloganother always exciting apple event ! join us october as we update live from the . . .	1
i m going to disney world october rd . if you wanna come on down . . come on down 	1
just watched friday s gh . about time sam and mcbain kissed ! always thought had more chemistry with michael easton than burton	0
premier league team done ready for tomorrow . bit of a risky tactic that might backfire in week ! now to get ready for nfl ff draft tonight	2
contraband . friend bought it in whitefish . i u m going there in january u c maybe we can make a deal .	0
 th birthday at garner . i gave her a face full of chocolate for her birthday . she gave it	0
 blue moon community garden u c alive and kicking in the tucson u c az sun !	1
 edshow if you think romney is throwing the sink u c you should u ve seen selma in august . the incumbent had republican backing . . .	0
i haven u t bought my kit and ncs is tomorrow . my frame of mind right now is just leaveityeah	2
ugh why didnt i just go see paul mccartney on friday gt gt gt anything else	0
rt i had a chance to show off the star tribune s new ipad app launching mon on tptalmanac .take a look !	0
i was given unlimited for a fee on labor day until the revolving data showed up on my account on the th now stolen	0
after watching the campaign again i have realized that step brothers is still the funniest will ferrell movie but this one is in nd place	1
with the sun on your face dunkin anna karenina amp the music of how could anyone be in a bad mood ? relaxation selfcare	1
it may be the right wing indo sf tds silent over adams s links to ira tax dodger	0
i ve brought one of david bowie cds today the th anniversary edition and night night x	0
big congrats goes out to tampa bay damage for nd place at cup and nd place overall in the paintball sports . . .	1
the sun calls reactions to the caitlyn jenner costume a fan meltdown paywall 	2
trump is the troll of all trolls . it s amazing actually . . .	0
frank gifford the football star turned longtime broadcaster died sunday of natural causes at his connecticut . . .	0
sunday . the second most boring day on earth after eid .	2
asif got to enrole at college tomorrow at like takin the piss	2
gotta put the nirvana shirts on hold until wednesday . guess i ll try to look decent	1
super eagles coach sunday oliseh calls up players from the glonpfl for the africa cup of nations qualifier . . .	0
thor will be with his new owners tomorrow .	1
thank you to for inviting us to join them at the ibcshow in amsterdam next thursday 	1
happy november st sweet friends ! ! ! sweet thursday nod u s names of the day are . . . . .charrish u c selma u c and aiden . . . .	1
seasons greetings ! . . it s is here christmas . . . we mean . . . star wars day ! may the force be with you !	1
total silence on yougov s pm poll for the sun tonight . of course this has no bearing whatsoever on what it might reveal .	0
frank ocean s verse on sunday is so cold . the way he casually sent for chris brown gt gt gt 	2
oh shi . well i know where i am heading either tomorrow out tuesday . thanks for the info . will put out to gucci use .	1
fifth harmony will be going to the in milan italy on october th .	0
i do worry about the mentality of the average tweeter when i see jeremy kyle u c and christmas trending on november st . . .	2
when it s a monday but no teen wolf	0
in the cl final when lehmann got that red card u c he chose to sub out pires in the th minute to get almunia in . pires felt	0
i m sitting at home on a saturday night watching jurassic park and i m totally content with it .	1
definitely going to ihop tomorrow	1
today s triviathrusday is the first i didn t have to look up . . . . who doesn t know steve jobs worked at atari !	0
no but you missed the eid event in trafalgar square on saturday .	0
if didn u t like coloccini being likened to bobby moore u c he will hate mon claiming mcclean and johnson u class u safc nufc	2
we are going to see ted on the th	0
rizzo walks runners on st amp nd no outs let s keep the line going be patient wait for that pitch don t chase kris bryant up alright bryant	0
do remember this saturday tho . . it u s a celebration . we just tryna have a good time . beed	1
sony may just have made my new phone . that s a brilliant line up that nails practically everything . let s see what the reviews say .	1
nw top gear with ed sheeran s st driving lesson lol	0
would love to see paul dunne make things interesting tomorrow at what a great story	1
hey do you still remember about meat free monday program by paul mccartney ? how is it ?	0
hmm what do you think ? lexus may eliminate the haggle with buying new cars soon autos	0
i sat one night n saw this darkness n the msg said there s an even greater evil on its way more evil than tiger woods	0
mexico s totally destroyed the miss usa pageant tomorrow night because i am to be speaking here for free !	2
ronday rousey says she would beat floyd mayweather in no rules fight afmobi theguardian	0
hey david bowie do u want to get iph ne for free ? u better check my bi . thx	0
cannot wait for you to get back . hopefully we see you around april for dark souls d !	1
why the most lovely artists are not always understood ? lady gaga justin bieber miley cyrus etc etc today they have to know that . . .	0
david coulthard says fernando alonso may have lost some leverage in negotiations with mclaren adding that merc . . .	0
yeah and the course is full now ! i have to wait and see if someone doesnt enrole tomorrow then i get their place !	0
stars play hollywood icons jane fonda alan rickman as nancy we may just have to c this gether !	0
tomorrow haunted house with sam kaitlyn marisela yesinea marcos and maybe walter and katie xd	0
quality start for dustin johnson with an . he apparently is not a fan of sunday golf . pgachampionship	0
chelsea just uploaded the cutest video of us from sunday omfg	1
i honestly am burned out with school . i may just end this education journey now . i cant stand this stress anymore .	2
tony blair started all this now he has even more blood on his hands and his soul may he burn in hell .	2
follow the top kim kardashian stories for dec on our topical page 	0
ufo sighting black triangle sighting in perryton u c texas on october th black object that obscured the s . . .	0
no way bucs make that pats th round pick in . it will be packaged to move up . dominik loves to climb the draft ladder .	1
kim davis is against gay marriage but not against getting pregnant by her rd husband while married to her st . pity the husband .	0
with all of the hulk hogan controversy i hope monday night raw is redeeming tonight !	1
cute animal ? we hired the clickbait to work for us directly ? are you bringing jennifer lawrence in tomorrow ?	1
ferry corsten vs armin van buuren brute armin u s illegal drum edit c u mon make some noise ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !	0
i love the drive to starkville can u t wait till i make it into the college in january achiversparadise onthereal	1
did i miss something ? just placed an order from amazon prime with free day delivery and got a guaranteed date of sunday ? ! ?	1
going to see jurassic world late tomorrow night ! it will be worth it ! !	1
mee my grandpa are going to the rita game tomorrow cutiepies	1
electoral commission will decide which is the official no campaign and it may not be ukip s brexit eu euref	0
saw the foo fighters at milton keynes . the songs started . it was summer for a day and the sun went down . we walked home on unbroken legs .	1
but if i need a power adaptor that may be my next amazon prime buy tomorrow . . .tbh the luggage alone was stressful enough .	1
if i may strongly suggest it . the parallels of ancient israel the assyrians amp america are ominously striking	0
samsung launches the galaxy note arriving next friday	1
my belated christmas eve johnflemingblog bras a drag king lesbians and the ira 	0
in between phones at the moment . will go to shoeless joe s monday morning if that s fine .	0
kyle is going out for the first time tomorrow night so proud lol states ? !	1
really hoping tonite lloyd robertson will ask us to goto the window and yell i m mad as hell and i m not going to take it anymore ! lloyd	2
i wonder what cortese is thinking after watching that st half of total wank ? as for boruc you are a disgrace and a complete twat . saintsfc	2
i may haven t been close to louis at metlife but he didn t seem unhappy at all	0
well i beat the st boss of dark souls . yep . i understand what people say about it being hard xd	1
dear tiger woods i need you to carry those last holes over to thursday . w o nba i m gonna need you to step up . michael	0
get your ticket for a detroit red wings bus trip on march nd against the dallas stars .	0
ohhhhh do i see mi or ant man on friday at the cinema . . . hmmmm .	1
i visited zayn s twitter and i saw st of august watch it out girls and suddenly gone and it return to his first tweet wtf	0
reminder noon tomorrow is the deadline to register teams for the kickball tournament at the rate . price increases to after friday	0
you may recall the other day i said nothing could save your holiday after that t shirt . . .jurassic park is the only thing that could	1
i don u t give a fuck though u c it u s all about sockersweek chicagomagicpsg friday night lights at olympic park	2
former soldier arrested in bloody sunday probe absolute joke where is the justice for all victims of ira atrocities	2
mass with the bishop of the diocese of raleigh tomorrow . i feel like i need it .	0
this may come as a surprise paul dunne isn t even in the top in golfweek sagarin college rankings 	0
some great pictures emerging from the force friday event for star wars !	1
as for the ira he talked to them publicly while thatcher was doing it behind our backs . without corbyn no good friday .	2
hittin up brothers tomorrow night prob make me feel gucci	0
talk about post holiday blues . seconds of george osborne s voice undoes all the good of a week in the sun . personification of a wet monday	2
wishing everyone a happy saturday . our song for today is . . . . bee gees with i could not love you more	1
taking a nap u c by or pm i u m going to abs cbn . am flight tomorrow u c hasslepare !	0
oxygen vh get the most ratings on monday nights . . . lol we aint playing no games i cant wait till tonight	1
i really haven t paid attention to mariah carey since i was like in th grade when she used to be popular	2
everybody stop complaining about shaker is the only school thats gonna be open . .lets all wait and see about it tomorrow	0
did you know that tom brady was trending topic on friday for hours in columbus ? trndnl	0
well yeah but so are you ese . oh and iron maiden s new one drops tomorrow ! m 	1
so did many and ira bomb these people are now free from prosecution under the good friday agreement whatsfairforone	0
not a bad saturday . . . bit of call of duty ghosts on ps with some motd . . . . perfect !	1
braille and large print game night is this coming tuesday at mlk jr . library room from pm to pm . see you there !	0
fuck it u c might go see reggie tomorrow . . .	2
chris evans reborn top gear get may uk debut the clarkson hammond and may less new version of the bbc s . . .	1
last day in jeddah . will be in brunei tomorrow night . and then surabaya the following night . and then bali the night after that . whee !	0
who will get the tough buckets in the th quarter for u c the bulls ?	0
hi u c you are inspires me and so may fans ! ! ! ! i need you here in brazil ! ! ! ! ! ! you read the casual vacany ? ? ?	1
tuesday s schedule at studio . am todd pm kim pm warm yin yoga with lorna we had a . . .	0
alawites shias christians yezidis etc the true victims of the middle east . may allah protect them lt 	0
not necessarily . in nevada it may help obama because its one less vote for romney . but i know what you mean hah .	0
paul dunne will make bogey on the nd . tough start for the amateur but after a boat of provisionals could be worse . . . theopen 	0
how are you leveraging bigdata and analytics on ibm bluemix ? if you re not you may want to check this out	0
waiting for newcastle to smash the mackems with derbyday in the sun !	0
i m literally listening to calibraska the nd time in a row no joke	1
also tonight is david wright s st citi field game since april th . welcome home captain !	1
the english window closes on september so i ll reckon he ll be forcing a move to milan until cet today	0
lmao et by katy perry on the radio throwback to the th grade cosmic challenge	0
bobby jindal attacks hillary saying the democratic frontrunner may go to jail	2
hey yes i want to win free tickets to see david price amp the bluejays monday night ? freetixfridays	0
i think the dude sat next to aldo should put on a conor mcgregor face mask so we can see jose running again .	1
i wish i lived with laurin randle . . .i dnt see her enough after th period . !	1
 things buhari can do and he ll get a nd term automatically . tackle corruption improve electricity stifle boko haram .	0
debi will you be taking all three of your kids including hubby out for ice cream on national ice cream day on sunday ? ? 	1
why would you still wear shorts when it u s this cold ? ! i love how britain see u s a bit of sun and they u re like u oooh let u s strip ! u 	1
kerry may you rest in peace you will live on through your kids and grandkids who you must be so very proud of . . .	1
indian ocean with got . m viewers on sunday with repeated programme about somalia . more than double much trailed show on c .	0
thanks to norton junior school for friday u s superb op anticipate assembly and the fab singing . katy perry u s firework had us beaming all day !	1
gonna be on a bus for hours tomorrow . . .think i ll get the cab pumping the whole way xx	1
when the radiostation you work at constantly talks about the u gig tonight and you defo cant wait until tomorrow damnit	1
november th marked it down . golden st . comes to l .a . we ll see then . 	0
i get paid tomorrow . on star wars day ! best day ever .	1
may get a visit just after christmas as i have more free time . take care .	0
turns out yoko kanno is the perfect soundtrack to a rainy saturday morning .	1
next thirst fri sat nights will be here . original signed pic on the agora office wall	0
jay z stole bigs actual words damn near da st bars on i just wanna love you give it to me 	2
taiwan court extends ex leader s jail term taipei taiwan s high court said friday it has extended ex leader ch . . .	0
 . two for tuesday makes me happy cause they just played double nirvana	1
morgan may be next face of us women s soccer they just didn t know who her opponent w . . . youth soccer	0
dirty heads slightly stoopid and the expendables sep th and paul mccartney oct ? i can fux with that	0
kris bryant is like th in the nl in rbis as a rookie amp missed what ? near a month at start of season to ensure future contract status ! ? ! ?	0
 eggplant lets go new winner of the ipod and may we reach out goal hazzah and mark are you going to pax south	1
one fighting championship takes place october at the singapore indoor stadium this is gonna be an incredible . . .	1
oh crud . . . . its the other pitcher ryan braun s birthday today . . . . d oh 	0
 . . .chris gough with siys . . .sharknado director anthony c . ferrante sharknado oh hell no ! debuted wed re airs tomorrow pm on syfy . . .	0
tomorrow s invisible children meeting will take place in the lucap office beginning at pm	0
time to build my nd pc with windows 	1
proves that you can be a labour man and judge ukip objectively at the same time .	0
can u t wait till sunday morning when we shola make the mackems cry . pretty sure a hatembomb or two will be dropped too . premierpunditry	1
havn t heard it for ages sliver nirvana st nirvana tune i heard amp danced to in a sheff . club amp still a great tune	1
working on my brand watching naruto the perfect saturday	1
ima hit u up tomorrow . aye i still laugh at that ufc beer pong from u had in the garage at az lollll	0
real madrid scum mon the barca !	2
october airbridgecargo airlines abc has appointed airlink cargo as its general sales agent in the pacific . . .	0
today is international talk like a pirate day or as they call it in somalia wednesday . dirtypirate	0
update to last story ufc will be december at mgm grand garden arena with jose aldo vs . conor mcgregor	1
it was high and deep . . . cubs kris bryant walkoff trailiing with outs in the bttom of the th ! gt mlb	0
come check out the cover show encore of katy perry featuring tiina flank next friday at the foundry ! i will be . . .	1
kiryu is a vk band amp i will see them again in january as they re amazing live but juri is the vk guy or was actually . . .	1
jonathan kozol is the leading author on educational advocacy and social equality . he will be on campus wednesday . . .	0
 and half weeks for holiday weeks got stevens th and my mams party and then it ll be time to put the tree up and get ready for xmas	0
bizarre . . . kane breaks a leg in training with england tomorrow then what ?	0
everyone in isat needs a lesson in dressing professional . i u m skipping the walk down the hallway tomorrow . i u m embarrassed for you .	2
no way to underestimate the madness and cynicism and frank and open loathing of country that characterizes today s republicans	2
tomorrow a shooting day ! gonna spend whole day at venice beach maybe look up to golds gym	1
if india is they who are you then ? ys we hanged yakub .	0
i just hope danica meets justin tomorrow . and danielle . they both deserve it . they support justin with everything they have . jbmeetdanica	1
i really want what thor had in that flask in the nd avengers . drank	1
a look at the intense rivalry between the undertaker and brock lesnar raw via	0
i don t like kanye west because he doesn t smile . th grade girl	2
so a quick trailer . . going to finally upload my bridal inspired look on youtube tomorrow i wore this on eid share	0
 paris in january during the charlie hebdo attack . please people . fact checking principles exist for a reason .	2
gay marriage the rainbow and a christian s response an article i wrote for on saturday . . .	0
some band nearby playing u s sunday bloody sunday . that s better than the terrible music my neighbors usually play	0
it s national ice cream day see you tomorrow instagram .	1
edge of tomorrow with tom cruise is phenomenal	1
on how fungal spores are dispersed tories bring u em back from lederhosen rallies in the black forest 	0
who s going to eid fest tomorrow	1
just witnessed the st ever black king of endymion	0
top story esahangout rosetta mission s day in the sun google see more	0
probs my rd fav old band u vu and ja . the smiths th . nirvana in there too if you can count them	1
the th of february u c the colonists returned to granite house u c and by means of the double cord u c shot by an arrow to the door landing u c commu	0
which means david price may pitch vs the tigers at home	0
i may be forever confused by how the world works in it but i do so love the fights in the naruto series .	1
can t wait for february kendrick and cole about to kill it	1
on niall s birthday on sunday the th we should all tweet a video on why we love and appreciate him . happybirthdayniall	1
anaconda s a music video gem but t swift s bad blood is in a classic comedy vault it s the best of its kind since rebecca black s friday 	1
it is dedicated to lady gaga some kids with appendicitis may not need surgery	1
i liked a video daniel bryan explains to randy orton that he needs to hug smackdown january 	1
i don t wanna go to school tomorrow a .m p .m and i wake up at . a .m plus homework wuuuuuut do you think i m chuck norris or	2
of course you re still in race for the jbl speakers and moto g rd gen ! keep tweeting sabkuchfixkaregamrright !	1
lol mr brower sun look like the dude barbosa who play for the celtics	1
calling all ladies ! come celebrate eid in east london this sunday ! join us for a day full of fun games amp food	1
rt fire up the outrage machine because channel are showing four lions as part of a anniversary season . . .	2
the gazette th anniversary book decade in addition to the release of their th anniversary live dvd . . .	0
china telecom added . million users during nd quarter an increase credited mostly to the launch of the iphone s .	0
got nothing going on friday night ? good cause now you do ! come on down black forest in eugene . if people show . . .	1
ice cube s son was born . february th . i was born february th . he . im . we re pisces . we re perfect for each other ! really	1
no one is going to march any christians to a gas chamber over kimdavis or any other lgbtq issue you jackass ! mathewstaver	2
iran ranks st in futsal held in china tehran dec irna iran s futsal team ranked first in the quartet c . . .	1
we should all take a moment and just think about the fact that umbc closed . and was announced the night before . this may never happen again .	2
end of the nd . . jason for all . keep it up boys !	1
it may not be just an ethic to christians like us but unbelievers by definition don t care what the bible says .	0
he may be but sting is still as passionate as ever and still has the fire . still awesome on the mic . he and rollins will be m o n e y .	1
texas ranked no . in latest avca poll minnesota is no . so make your plans to watch this thursday and friday at gregory gym live	0
the force is strong in my family . star wars . the force awakens . december my people . ijustnerdedsohardmyglassesbroke	1
van pelt birdies the th hole to get to . he needs to birdie the th hole in order to force a playoff w nick watney cimbclassic	0
just noticed that the music for bittersweet symphony is credited to mick jagger and keith richards . find out why and you may dislike them .	2
i need a shower and to start getting ready but i u m just sat in bed blogging and watching celebrity juice	0
pm narendra modi to address top military commanders on friday prime minister narendra modi will interact with the	0
my st gen moto g is more solid than nokia . i love the stock android on moto g	1
don ?t worry console gamers lawbreakers may still come to the xbox one ps 	1
djibouti swamp th beats miggy smalls st mvp david price with points	1
lol professor today jeez morgan did you have too much fun on labor day ? yes . yes i may have	1
what u s are the odds timmonsville u s town council has a meeting today ? haven u t met since tuesday u c so they are overdue . tville	2
so for whatever dish no longer get cbs . which better be fixed by tomorrow . bc big brother is on tomorrow amp i will not be happy if it s not .	2
kicking off the world cup friday all blacks vs tonga ! ? ! yeeeaah ! ! i m so looking forward to just laxing back popcorn a glass a bubbly ! ? !	1
analyst suggests this may be the last big iphone launch with via appleevent	1
i m hanging out at lovecats downunder to share connor s sunday smooch with dana from blood moon !	0
if the rumours are true and hulk hogan goes into cbb tomorrow i might actually watch it .	1
still be in bolton i think you free sunday then ? x	0
don t forget youth soccer registration ages is going on now . we are taking registration today saturday . . .	1
the dc comics site has batman releases on the th but its out now ?	0
cena may be gone from the arena but u know someone s gonna runin this ceremony but who kane ? sting ? someone new ? who is it ? raw	0
tomorrow is my day off . tomorrow i am going to dunkin doughnuts .	1
ryan braun hit a grand slam and finished with five rbi in sunday s win over the phillies .	0
i m really going to break bank and purchase this batman issue tomorrow . getting an insane amount of early buzz .	1
a mile flame burning hotter than the surface of the sun ! ? ! come on sharknado that is even ridiculous for you .	2
yeah i loved the st film and book . was disappointed with jurassic world but i seem to be in a minority 	2
super eagles coach sunday oliseh has expressed satisfaction with the level of play by his players in his first . . .	1
qt in the original draft of the th book remus lupin survived the battle of hogwarts . happybirthdayremuslupin	1
getting pay per view tonight for st time in long time . will be cool .the undertaker vs brock lesnar !	1
the later i stay up the better . . .c mon murray !	1
cara delevingne goes nearly nude for ysl cara delevingne at the new york premiere of paper towns on july . . .	0
and on top of it all u c my horoscope is super positive and my coffee is so delicious today . hey u c wednesday . we can get along !	1
putting in my weeks at ihop tomorrow but probably gonna get fired for it bc my manager is insane . oh well .	2
itma held in milan from to november at the fiera milano trade fair grounds closed its doors with . . .	0
please tell me someone else noticed the fourth of july instrumental in paper towns	0
if it were blank space up for awards tomorrow taylor would sweep but since it s bad blood she ll probably only win 	0
tomorrow ! if yu havent marked it in yur calender . . .do it now ! christina grimmie on dwts ! history will be made !	1
people may be complaining about amazon prime day deals but i got myself a lovely camera for my trip . so flippin excited ! ! !	1
willis mcgahee had a pretty gruesome knee injury in the fiesta bowl . . . bills still drafted him late in st round .	2
sat with a yoghurt and a coffee . niki lauda would be proud	1
come down and laugh tomorrow at loon lake bar and grill in waterford mi . with me and the mowtown laugh kings .	1
there s a paul mccartney show in toronto on oct and i want to go so bad	1
yep saw it right here in israel against a clear eastern sky to the west sun was just above the horizon in a blazing sunset .	0
strange sunday graham richardson defending gillard . stating the pm did not plot against rudd as he says i should know auspol	2
no u c i u m going to muscat on friday . what will you do ?	0
lmao we know it ain t gonna be taylor swift	0
will there be a tally room this saturday ? and will it be the cit change rooms again ? i may head to see the caps instead . datenight	0
i u m not sure what to make of the paradise . it u s like a story dickens may have written in juniors u c crossed with u are you being served ? u bbc 	0
shiver me timbers ! the answer to our trivia international talk like a pirate day ! it s the th anniversary of the worldwide celebration !	0
tsipras new austerian syriza may win upcoming elections but it will do so without the international support network it once had . greece	0
don t miss the new ballet west reality tv series on the cw tomorrow .	1
our cameroun horror by boko haram returnees on august cameroonian authorities began the repatriation . . .	2
you do realize that the st amendment doesn t just apply to christians right ?	0
listening in orlando . . . . .headed to see zac brown tomorrow . love the station . . .	1
bentley you are right . my sensitive skin can t take too much sun . thank you .	0
god luck to jessica and randip both running the bupa birmingham run this sunday and fundraising for	1
national ice cream day is this sunday ! how about we celebrate early with open today til !	1
book it the lit show plays tomorrow at the creative alliance	1
friday night u s concert with white collar side show !	0
extra point is no good . its dsu u c morgan state with left in the rd quarter .	2
still haven t watched the nd episode of ahs yet dear lord	2
i dont work til monday but no one is fucking with me sooooo ill be on some de la soul just me myself n i	2
why don t you do a st interview with caitlyn jenner that would give you that feeling that you want to do journalist work	0
i debate seeing ant man tonight for the rd time . . .do i ?	0
day of hat yai ! saturday sunday going to songkla then to phuket . yey .	1
fashion star tomorrow . . . . should be a fun long day	1
did you know unlv and ucla are playing saturday ? so are texas and gonzaga . secret scrimmages part deux from	0
the muslims facing tomorrow organization is as big of a joke as the muslim canadian congress organization .	2
the vamps performed in the bbc radio live lounge on monday check out their amazing set here . . . .	1
carly fiorina as part of the presidential caucus series will be speaking at the town hall meeting this friday . . .	1
wow ! bad blood is at pop radio for the th week .	1
not sure my eyesight can handle the prospect of lookalikes jordan spieth and paul dunne playing together tomorrow	0
john stewart assists seth rollins for the win over cena in an angle that will be poorly executed this monday night on raw summerslam	0
axl rose is trending worldwide just because he sat his butt on a chair to talk on live tv and drink water out of a mug . bow down u c peasants .	2
we will be highlight our guests every monday for cmx and we are kicking it off with sara moni ! with ant man . . .	1
murray has given it his all which wasn t expected after the last few days he has had but federer just unbreakable . tb nd set . cincytennis	1
abl update singapore slingers leading over ph patriots u c u c in the nd qtr	0
hey pamela ! off to oslo tomorrow then canada after that ! we will get that drink one day !	1
lol too clever by half ! your daddy was disappointed over yakub s hanging amp he was a dreaded terrorist ! get it ?	2
you should do something extra special for chicago on friday and sing u s ultraviolet . it s so perfect when you sing it .	1
shoot to kill was a gift to the ira who were nothing pre bloody sunday . if you re a lab mp amp don t know this get a new job	2
i don t have faith on constitution .sorry to yakub s family . . may god bless yakub s soul with rest and peace in heaven .hang rapist first . .	2
come watch will ferrell and zach galifanakis duke it out in the campaign this thursday at midnight !	0
take me back to friday night to the eric church concert	1
now watching denzel washington talking about his new movie flight it u s comming out nov nd lateshow with david letterman	0
who is going to hammond friday or today	0
its important we build relationships with non christians and with christians outside of sunday morning worship . normal	0
 frugaladventure sonic drive in hot dogs apparently july rd is national hot dog day . if you are a fan . . .	1
my son s braden th birthday got money in the bank briefcase due to seth rollins . can you say happy birthday seth rollins to my son ?	1
oneil u s barber beauty open right now . . . acadian thur next to chicken shack all even with a line back school special domino only 	0
i listen to kendrick lamar black friday bout times a day . . . he literally went in the whole time	1
where is frank ocean and his new album june is so long gone he playing	0
i think it s impossible . juventus has just sold llorente so zaza is needed as th or th striker on the bench .	1
everton fc transfer rumours blues to make january move for arsenal man moyes premier league . .	0
foo fighters opening with everlong tomorrow is gonna be a hot shitty mess of emotions	1
brftm sports news cris cyborg s nutritionist says fight with rousey at lbs possible for dec . 	0
friday in sylvanlake ! midway rides then jurassic world outside on the big screen !	1
don t miss your shot to win an apple watch from tomorrow morning . . . get the secret code here 	0
uploading random pics ! lol this is me last sunday at a show at the adrienne arsht center !	0
could happen again tomorrow night with crazy zac brown band fans	1
egypt s new president mohamed morsi on monday described the relationship between the u .s . and egypt as some . . .	0
i feel like kris bryant has something he s not telling everyone every single time i see him .	0
our thor is ready to meet you at the haloandpartners event today through friday . brewery road london n pg	1
ouch ! i know an old school geek from pembroke pines . of the st batman nerds in tech support . i wouldn t send a signal him tho !	0
nonsense the land was ruled by muslims their may have been christians residing there but the land was muslim land	0
as broke bbc cuts back services to uk international propaganda becomes top agenda paid for by you 	0
frank gifford the legendary sportscaster has died his family announced sunday afternoon . he was . dave	1
there s one thing about the changes at google you may have not considered . socialmediachat	0
taken from the march for charlie hebdo office attack . still relatable . we are not afraid . prayforparis	0
niall has the worst luck st this bitch got a prosthetic leg and now a fractured foot 	2
coming up in your weekend argus tomorrow more on the uct daso election debacle .	0
got me a bama shirt like the lil wayne had on last night at the concert biting lol idc though lol	0
bloody love europe ukip can fuck right off ! sipping a grimbergen ambre in the lyon sun whilst getting my beige on gt racist ignorant pricks .	2
gds perisic to have a press conference this coming thursday . the player is expected to make inter debut against milan .	0
bad news u c no gibbs for saturday . unless we play tv at lb u c we have lost before it u s started . santos is a liability and will be cut to shreds	2
sony rewards app is like a lot of y .o female singers and a non retro sale . nd one with no info	2
if bob marley were alive he d ne reppin jamrock tomorrow nyt . . .jah bless . let s meet fm forecourt n make history	1
tony blair says engaging with gaddafi may have prevented is obtaining chemical weapons	0
someone see jurassic park with me tomorrow	0
it could be possible cause i remember orochimaru being a female in the nd chunin exam in naruto he has sex organs	0
debate standings perry in th place not likely to make cut . rickperry chris christie john kasich and . . .	0
so what if the rules were spelled out back in may . politics is all about change . carly fiorina deserves a place in your debate now .	0
lord i say this prayer today bless the red sox in anoint them for thay shall have victory over the yankees today in jesus amen	1
advertising is getting so aggressive just saw a billboard asking will you get hiv today ? will you get hiv tonight ? how about tomorrow ? 	2
going to myrtle beach tomorrow with the fraternity lets get it	0
galliani to gds on not having a sporting director i don t see the problem . this is my th year at milan and i have a lot of relations gt 	0
my saturday night in milan ? working online coaching love your job and you ll never . . .	1
i wish fundraising money could be easier ! i wanna go to belize again this march break on a mission trip ! anyone want to support . . ?	1
nuno espirito santo has been a nice surprise . valencia currently nd in la liga . beat atletico madrid on the weekend .	1
he kept them up for the st year in the epl with wins over manu arsenal amp spurs . which is gt winning promotion .	1
wisconsin gov . scott walker talks with potential voters wednesday quad city times scottwalker politics	0
sad moment when you realize tomorrow is monday and there s no new episode of teen wolf so no moonday bummer	2
words with friends just made me watch an ad for the dvd release of red tails . now i may have to pay zinga or they may make me watch it again	2
haha i duno p i ll try to save heaps but mum said shed go halves and get me an ipad for my st but i said i want money hah	1
national women s day on aug . but it s also a date where umno kaum ibu was formed . so is it a date for all women or for umno wanita ?	0
looks like it might be left until am tomorrow morning on yougov site .	0
today i purchase my new smart phone moto g rd generation . . . it is very nice looking and water proof . .	1
catch me on sarah g live this sunday ! ! hehe ingat guys ! goodnight ! love you ! ! 	1
its monday ! that means . . .back to work u c movie premiers u c hustle and flow mondays u c dj table with afrojack tonight at . . .	0
c u mon guys fix this please u c i dont want this to end up how diablo iii did . . . . . . . . 	2
 weeds drug miss usa contestants take stage in th annual pageant women from across the country sunday took . . .	0
nicki my fav she slaying everyone and they momma sat the vmas god bless	1
tuesday pm . ellen degeneres launches her new season with caitlyn jenner on nbc . what would you like to hear . . .	0
that sounds like del mar to me mostly because of the san diego county fair butitshouldbedelmarfair	0
i texted you on tuesday i was trina see if you wanted to match	0
nigerian troops have discovered boko haram terrorists supply routes nigerian troops on wednesday said it has . . .	0
teen mom on monday ahhh can u t wait ! ! ! wish i could watch with ! ! ! best line ever im addicted . . .i love weed ! ! 	1
i ll bet you a peanut butter sandwich that seal team takes out kony just before november th .	1
and this just in . according to right wing nut ira nd amendment evangelical climate denying do nothing . . .	0
i m gonna have breakfast with my friend tomorrow and then we ll see ant man	0
beer xbox undertaker the streak dvd . fuck you saturday night .	2
false . david wright was granderson is still sorry he s not a m pp cuddyer m amp st rnd pk cy ff	0
i can t wait for the concert of r sete you in milan on september !i love you	1
that was the best day of my life fam . i felt like a slave that got freed or derrick rose passing the sat . maaaaaaaaan . . . .	1
 sec on is the sec behind alabama this saturday night ?	0
i thought this may have been entertaining after nicki s moment but it s actually very painful	2
ice cold cider coupled with the sounds of iron maiden . great monday night . . .	1
sunday is national ice cream day here are some awesome deals on ice cream for you to check out !	1
the brits don u t need us style debates . they debate every wednesday . then again u c the uk parties don u t have to work together . usually pmq	2
was going to watch brooklyn nets new york knicks tonight but it got postponed u c knicks gonna get butt fucked by miami tomorrow 	2
now i kinda regret not going to bolder on friday . fuckme	2
valentine s day feb . definitely let me know if you do it .	0
yeah . i saw reakwon at soundset and many times before . still want to go but you know . if it wasn t a sunday freaking night . . .	2
trayce thompson blazing his own trail with a triple . trayce thompson catching white sox fever by getting thrown out betwen rd and home .	1
winnipeg bogosian ready to bring it on with jets winnipeg sun	0
no someone on the phone when we reported it on thursday morning . i wanted to do the free update on windows yesterday	0
fifa is weird sometimes you may remember the fifa video where andy carroll starting trying to hump iker casi . . .	0
that s a good point . i didn t think about it . it sounded like tegan but i read iphone and i assumed it was sara . you may be right	1
that sense of accomplishment when you ve sat in front of your computer for hours straight apple watch says you ve met your exercise goal .	0
dunkin donuts on yelp sunday shades dd coffee and playtime under the florida palms .	0
david wright misses games and the rd pitch he sees is one of the furthest homeruns he s ever hit . . . letsgomets	0
boise state may make brandon boykin s day . via uga dawgs boise georgia bulldogs	0
what s a better way to end off the august long than david price s ip k s ? scruffy murphy s trivia tonight pm gonna be a great show	1
the item may be sold by a number of sellers or amazon directly which could change delivery estimations . do you have a link ? kw	0
going to the berkmar game tomorrow .	0
lololololololol im a sg on the bucks so im on a good team u c but under monta ellis . whats your position ? were you picked rd ?	1
jindal bush got it wrong on immigration louisiana gov . bobby jindal said wednesday he disagreed with com . . .	2
red sox have a runner at rd with out with the game still tied at .	0
john kasich just acted like a human being . this may be a huge mistake . gopdebate	2
oooh nice . . tis tempting to go up the lakes with my nikon . . . hmmmm i may do that . .	1
 feast makati salcedo meets in aim conference center this tuesday ! join us for the brand new series tgif . . .	1
been to dunkin donuts so much that ravish now says see you tomorrow . . .	0
david wright looks good in first rehab start photo david wright during the first inning monday . he had comple . . .	0
 milkily handsome in the manner of a cinematically doomed first world war infantryman on michael clarke	0
i know u miss sec football erin . nothing like it ! can u t wait for big monday u s coming soon . cant wait	1
diu pv tomorrow . if we don t see papa jotaro or have david bowie playing in the background i ll be a little salty	0
a thursday night with no waterloo road on ! boring	2
it seem like it u s national kissing day every other thursday ! who tf made that shit up ? ? !	2
in other news lavalantuala looks like the th greatest movie of all time . too bad it won t top sharknado . sharknado 	1
pet adoptions are this friday thanks to upgradeyourworld with a new best friend !	1
kim kardashian and kanye west welcome nd child a boy we think you ll be pleased to know that the new arriva . . .	1
i have a th generation ipod and i cant download any new apps or update anything so i pretty much just use it for music snapchat	0
no big deal just a kurt cobain solo alburm that includes a comedy sketch	1
thanks for making this snowy day so pleasant ! echo and penny will be in friday morning at !	1
glad to hear you are a fan of douglas adams . . . i am on my th rerread listen to hitchhikersguide	1
watching this great interview with ava duvernay new film coming out fri . with the beautiful nigerian actor from red tails	1
 and trust u c i could talk forever about madonna u s choice of singles . would anything from mdna had been a better st single than gmayl ? 	1
to put things into perspective people died during the charlie hebdo attack in january . today the death toll is at and rising paris	2
taylor swift is coming toronto on october nd and rd at rogers centre get your tickets now ! ! will you be in . . .	1
theresa may calls for curbs to eu free movement and usurps many ukip ideas in the process 	2
happy birthday maite ! i hope you work tomorrow because i m going to squish you with my undying love for you .	1
kanye west may not be book smart but he has a whole hell of a lot more common sense than donald trump	0
my area is so safely labour you could pin a red rosette on a donkey amp it would still get voted in . now ukip is nd	2
wonder how it feels like to be paul mccartney . like on throw back thursday does he look back and marvel at the time he was a beatle ?	1
my xbox live ends tomorrow mw and gears all day ! hit me up !	0
fashion against aids collection by h m is hitting the stores on thursday u cand we u ve already made our top selection	0
hello do you know what time roughly the demo will be available to download tomorrow on ps ?	0
heaven knows i m not on here to self promote i m here for the conversation but my new show with ice cube is up	0
some of the advertisers jan has worked with include canon u c nike u c procter	0
valentine it may all prove to be true . hannah it can t prove to be true it can only not prove to be false yet .	0
rise and shine getting the field in good shape before pro day tomorrow uisbaseball 	1
seabuiscuit just ran by . . must be warming up for the kentucky derby tomorrow . . . we need to set fire to adele right meow	0
don t miss the golden opportunity sales event going on at lexus of akron canton now through september th ! . . .	1
man i just watched kevin gates kick that female for the first time . . .he punted her face like randy orton . he may do some time for that !	0
love it . i think my students may be a little over my star wars excitement at present . heh heh	1
dana white says rematch rouseyvsholm is on for ufc . it will be at the new las vegas arena . i think this could be bigger than may pac .	1
soooo who s down to go to the justin bieber concert with me in march ? ?	1
i feel like a kid before xmas i cannot wait to get onert in case you missed it . . .nokia n release date	1
woods club ! come to room after school next tuesday to make ipad stands !	1
 mywishin to get tickets to see d the maverik center in utah on july th 	1
i may have two more classes today but all i can think about is seeing the foo fighters in hours	1
it s going to be a somber set tonight for curtis painter s nickelback cover band something in your mouth .	0
islam is the same throughout the world . it may be interpreted in different ways but it does not evolve .	0
girl singing the national anthem tonight is a boise state student . i gave her a go ducks before she went out . didn t seem to faze her .	1
the glass may be rising u c but it u s not getting any warmer here u c lago del desierto u c argentina	2
sticks and stones may break my bones u c but rugby does it better !	1
tomorrow i get to make a birthday cake .	0
you re right about curtis but they expect to have someone in by the weekend or monday latest so all we can do is hope	0
i have physics revision for tomorrow but merr u c i u m going to fail anyway	2
harsh anti semitic hate speech unwarranted on iran . synagogues happy with muslims . iraq amp iran same st biblical lands .	2
 today gag concert is back with eng sub ! kick off your sat morning with laughter !	0
what did you say number ? you may be becoming a liability and eventually a statistic . do not taunt happy big brother ! 	0
del mar fairgrounds the nd daa announces game on ! theme for the san diego county fair	0
it makes me feel so gay that i just set the classical brit awards to record tomorrow haha oh dear	1
officially starting dark souls monday evening . gta v was way too fun to stop ! thanks for coming to the stream ! see you tomorrow !	1
yeah keeps my mind off of not having any hedley dates to look forward to . although my last day is december th at work .	0
curtis died dec . what is it with christmas and my musical heroes ? !	2
i really want to turn into one of those asshole people who dont know how to act in the dunkin doughnuts on th they re always fucking up	2
ukip was on media blackout for most chanels they didn t want people to know how well ukip really did we came nd	0
i ll be home from work by around est latest if y all want to start a ps party for that tomorrow	1
rousey vs holm moved to nov . in australia . the ufc is going for their attendance record .	0
can only mean one thing he is joining barca probably in january .	0
check me out on dancing with the stars monday nights at pm on abc . see my new music video 	0
still struggling with what s that noise ? if gazza doesn t get a winner this time there will be a new clue with pete after am tomorrow .	2
church member told me mtg tomorrow st baptist is byob . asked if he told them nd b didn t mean brownbag in our church . he laughed .	0
anyone want a ticket for zac brown band for saturday at citizens bank . . . .i am selling one for 	0
hi in order for me to celebrate eid on the weekend i had to sacrifice monday and tuesday working night shift for my job	0
helped a friend setup a new moto g rd gen this weekend . it s no iphone but what you get for the money is amazing .	1
you think the boro will beat swansea ? i u m not so sure u c december january is when we implode	2
i ve never been shy or secretive about the fact that if you walk into my life you may be walking onto a record . taylor swift	0
 peter sat up and jumped out of the toyota meeting at the entrance . 	0
america runs on dunkin may explain why america s in shambles of the time	2
if we go to london on valentine s day i will attend bend it like beckham on the th or th . i will be there	1
i want to see shawn so bad tomorrow i am so freaking depressed	2
i just rewatched the whole first season for the nd time ! this is blasphemy ! in the words of u i feel numb hindsight	0
lucky break in tempe to host beer wars ii arizona vs . oregon arizona state has its work cut out for it in sat . . .	1
saturday is the last day of summer streets in nyc . . enjoy car free streets between brooklyn bridge and central park !	1
does hp stand for heather palfreyman or harry potter . the world may never know	0
clearly for the packers game . dec . and yes . i love vests . iwishbrodywouldwearone isheturnedornot ? ? ? ? ? ?	1
happy halloween ! ! starting this wicked wednesday off listening to pink floyd and leonard cohen . get to take my boys out tonight ! yay ! !	1
sat on the beach blasting out calibraska dope	1
but then i have to leave the house early to get dunkin and i ve already accepted the fact that i m going to be late tomorrow	0
messi needs to show up more in the nd half . mexicovsargentina	0
oslo has been gloomy the whole day . am ok with the temperature but not the non sunny outlook . hope it gets better tomorrow .	2
harper lee may not have published go set a watchman were she not taken advantage of in her older age illness .	0
strictly lifting to the album version of bad blood on loop today in honor of the original trap queen s nd birthday	0
when a female runs away from you words are to spare beyonce on sep ny choosing a new apartment !	1
i wouldn t mind meeting up one day picking the bentley up today but we re always in chelsea on a sat .	1
why would they have hot jam on a school night ? they usually do it on a friday or something .	0
then everton will get the player from barca on loan 	1
khair mubarak . i hope you had a lovely eid . ami sends her love . may allah grant your amp your family every success . xxx	1
this thursday randy orton speaks out about being swa s first ever heavyweight champion . what does he have to say ?	0
do you want to learn more about windows ? our next windows class will be held on thursday september from . . .	1
 mt u the artist u c u posted new thursday at netflix instant . the surprise winner at the oscars . my review 	0
david wright up with the winning run on base in the th . holy crap . mets	0
macgyver is streaming on netflix and the theme song forces memories of th grade pining for richard dean anderson . it s still kind of there .	0
i u m such a groupie . . .just watched the ni as in paris video st thing i said was . . . i just ordered that snapback jay is wearing ! ! !	0
kris bryant is all systems go monday kyle schwarber getting the day off . cubs	0
this month is going to be amazing . th i see courtney ! th stacy moves back ! th my birthday ! ! then it u s thanksgiving and no school !	1
sam loco efe nigeria nollyhood star is dead . we are still mourning christy essien now it is sam loco s turn . may his soul rip . jhub	2
if he gets the crap beat out of him saturday dana white may die .	2
school starts back monday ive only just started looking at my ab test revision sheets and i want to die fs	2
it may have been written it just probably wasn t completely finished or nobody knew about calibraska yet	0
correct on the red sox no orioles . ruf alternate jersey base from st career hr amp game used bats	0
just finished watching nandito ako for the nd time around we wait for david archuleta	0
hadn t read the full thread on st reply . i forgot people might not know google isn t live results .	2
we all know levy really wanted to sell kane tomorrow when united bid massive for hugo he won t be able to resist again	0
ya i was wondering wha that was lolrt so i may have just seen a ufo . anyone else in mboro see those crazy lights in the sky ?	1
i wonder if natchitoches central game home friday i just might go . !	0
premier league west ham v man city on saturday . our preview looks at the stats has some interesting betting tips 	1
will there be another march by the world s leaders like the charlie hebdo saga or will they bomb someone	0
saudi arabia iran face dueling drug epidemics both the governments of saudi arabia and iran announced monday . . .	2
oh man u c tomorrow i u m definitely going to have a young life hangover after that dance party ! it was so worth it ! totalylmove ythelnot best	1
anyone who talks shit about the lakers tomorrow at school and i will make sure i hit u as hard as i possibly can	2
it s disturbing and in the rd movie he hits on human twilight flash only like her for look . jerk	2
 . interesting metatextual touch with ice cube s son delivering the bye felicia line from friday to the girl at the party in soc .	1
i told you what me n asia din already but sunday we cud hit earth	0
photo of the press gaggle with after thursday s practice . . .that s me in the grateful dead shirt .	1
don t worry bro i m going to get coffee alone tomorrow . dunkin hotties may be there	1
rick majerus coached ball state years team went beat pitt for the school s st ncaa tournament win .	0
i have a fantasy football draft tonight and will be taking tom brady with my st nd rd and th overall picks .	1
our first concert of the year is coming up on november th also election day . come see the th and th graders at mms !	1
the big bang theory isn t funny . a lack of intelligence may be the problem justsaying	2
both young talented with potential . kane s st season was ace struggled since . martial still raw .risks in both	0
in london for boro match saturday . . . let me know what night you u re out . . . friday may suit me better like if optional	1
literally everyone on my tl is talking about naruto im screaming this my wordt night mar e before christmas this should be ilega	0
ugh have to agree with you there was groaning at the christians in name only really 	0
then the dirty muslims educated them about water and people started bathing .	2
i agree with bert . amy schumer may not be in as many nominated movie roles just bcause her base is comedy gets less noms	0
please please follow me thank u for come to mexico the september i love u so much nsn bbb 	1
so whats good miley ? . . .lol nicki with that fuck shit we may as well make a song about it . hit me up . i ghost write like quentin	2
chris brown concert tomorrow . who s willing to go with me ?	1
jean dujardin on saturday night live dancing with zooey deschanel and kristen wiig ! holy . frigging . crap . mindblowing	0
i have a feeling that nicki s performance at the vmas will be the only good one tomorrow	1
when i think of you by janet jackson was no . in the uk charts on september 	1
joel campbell is leading this team to milan in may and there is nothing you can do about it	0
 nov uvf shankill butcher lenny murphy was gunned down by the ira in forthriver park glencairn belfast	2
my friday has started well . the chargers beat the cowboys and the first song from the new iron maiden album is now online . winning !	1
sees name at top of leaderboard for tweet of the day . immediately has dustin johnson like quad bogey . finishes tied for th .	0
hao and i use it for all the discounts . especially on amazon prime day which is their black friday . shipping is nice	1
class of tryouts august see you in prince george at sfu or abby senior that weekend .	0
 . . .woah deezer . babel only came out on monday can you leave it up for longer than a day to give slow people like me a chance ?	1
photos beautiful ! selena presenting amy schumer with an award at the th annual hollywood film awards !	1
if i have an extra ticket to see justin bieber in july . . .who s coming with ?	0
wow ! ! just waking up to this . saw it up to murray in rd set . anderson was unbelievable incredible win .	1
here comes the sun a jornada espiritual e musical de george harrison agenda 	0
on the surface u c the film independent spirit awards and the academy awards don u t appear to share much in common	2
congratulations rona for the th place in eurosong contest . you deserve more than this 	1
come check out the montanari bros east coast cup october th in new haven ct ! i will be there ! i have some . . .	0
we u re going to be here tomorrow have lots to swap ! london children u s book swap via	0
 of joe pa masks at penn state sat ? or will psu by allow then in the stadium ? is it bad to wear it ?	0
 ipod ipod nano may be the worst atm skimmer ever created just when you thought the click wheel . . . ipod nano	2
just watched pulled apart by horses amp band of skulls amp am about to see eagles of death metal ! th birthday shenanigans	0
i am still yet to see zayn s full fledged smile with his tongue between his teeth after march zquadwantszayntosmile	0
listening to david bowie s fashion to get in the mood for can t wait for sat night	1
ss mikko . u c petter u c novikov u c mads u c with puncture . still rd o a . latvala stopped . rallyitalia	0
june th was the last time david price threw less than pitches in a game price bluejays	0
on october music legend paul mccartney will perform in buffalo for the first time ever . this has been a year . . .	1
if you wonder why we keep on this sustainable path run the trails around cardigan . closed loop at its best nature . doworkshop tomorrow	0
 ne rocks okinawa with stylish airport fashion on october th u c ne performed at the kpop paradise . . .	0
my friend just told me i can t wear any of my ice cube shirts to the nwa movie tomorrow . yes i have multiple .	0
you should really think about your future imagines playing holographic guitar for david bowie s th tour of venus 	0
it s like painting the forth bridge but won t be for much longer ! see scotland on sunday today	0
runrig tonight ! ! cant wait . then off to oban to play in coasters bar with murdo ewen cameron tomorrow night . come along if you re free 	1
hello aaron u c will you be with israel tomorrow night ?	0
sharknado ftw ! c mon how could this not be the first thing listed ? sharkmovies	0
on the bright side a liveeee episode of naruto comes out tomorrow	1
me lexi guess what u s on tomorrow night ! ! ! lexi my dick me . . .i was gonna say the new york knicks opening night u c . . .	0
i know james . it s just the effusive best brand gear language may not set well with big brother .	0
calle a softy but the happy thursday bikers actually do make my thursdays happier	1
tyron the next time the espy awards come at tomorrow !	0
justin bieber via fahlo may our new year be filled with moments like this	1
 im going home and throwing this up . . . my diet starts tomorrow . 	2
when will your dates at the mgm grand will be released ? i wanna meet you for my th birthday on march th ! bucketlist	0
when you bumpin black friday by kendrick lamar and she turns the music down to ask if you got some drake .	0
cheapest ticket available to watch el clasico at the bernabeu in march is euros ! someone is having a laugh . .	0
drives me up a wall that i had to see a kane article on him being traded on the front page of the sun times . seriously ? how dull are people ?	2
yeah kj sent an email out yesterday with info and she said she u ll follow up with another email tomorrow with the details	0
this may or may not be true but it doesn t change the fact that hillary violated the law	2
special gala at work tomorrow . gonna be a busy day . . . timetosleep	1
just like the old times . . d brock lesnar confronts the undertaker raw july 	1
going town tomorrow definitely going to hmv and buying chapman square . d 	1
sat through jurassic world w a screaming baby in my ear a year old climbing up the back of my chair . ruined my experience	2
man tomorrow if my parents surprise me with justin bieber tickets i ll have a heart attack	1
no problem phil . . oh hey we u re all going trick or treating saturday in na and then having an arvo if you wanna come 	1
that would be jason varitek . pick me as i would love to go to the game sunday .	1
listening to this whopper on the morning run . happy thursday ! fleetwood mac go your own way vinylcrow nowspinning	1
every time i hear alright by kendrick i think it s j cole s black friday	0
both of them managed in the modern game also ? he will win trophies in his st years but then recovery time . . inter milan	1
got my mystic on just yesterday tan for free any hollywood tans salon in atl tomorrow ! call 	1
going to be such a nice sight to see david wright standing at rd base tonight .	1
if you aren t pulling for paul dunne tomorrow at theopen you have no soul .	0
when a child comes to the world he makes his st landing in the arms of a nurse lets wish all of them a very happy nurses day 	1
the gay license case only applies to the parties involved . she may have a different argument	0
the consortium too . i wanted harper s hand to be forced amp w rd in polls he d have no choice . mulcair let him off the hook .	0
how man joins sikh christians parsi ? ? the real minorities muslim are nd biggest population in our country	0
this is the best i ve seen from kpop with soshi as exception . but then again they may be really famous in korea	1
kurt angle is the only man to pin or submit brock lesnar in singles competition from june august in mma or pro wrestling . he did it times	0
last man standing season premieres november nd on abc with an election theme via	0
a final sign that you u re growing is that you find time to watch rock on netflix on friday at pm . toofar ?	0
still looking for not infringe on gay marriage in the nd amend gimme a minute .	0
and it has some cracking rd party downloadable games too . ps is more of a long term console with okish games at the mo imo	1
my friend is about to watch the th episode from a of teen wolf everyone wish her good luck	1
haha so people are saying the th of september should be declared a public holiday bc it s beyonce s birthday batho ba ratiwa hey hehehe	1
and the show goes on ! scorpions sting at p .m . come down the sun is even peeking through .	1
i like the attitude nicki . i m gonna do it tomorrow . if i figure out how to do it lol	1
photo dr . seuss has always been one of my favorite people . his work may have been surreal u c but it always . . .	1
national hot dog day is july come join us for the all american celebration .	1
i m sorry to say the steelers cb situation is so dismal that i believe tom brady will have a sore arm after the thursday night game !	2
every saturday night at the roxy . . . lol	0
everyone with common sense should be wary of islam . qed on a daily basis wariness not a phobia .	2
alabama got a huge commit today but doesn t know it because they re all too upset over sheridan admitting nothing .	2
college football picks saturday parlay the pac the big ten and the southeastern conference all have intri . . .	0
that used to fly over bolton on tuesday afternoons . think it was tuesday anyway . must have been a regular delivery run .	0
so has ruto finished his st term you twitter constitution lawyers seems you ve gone back to your daily hustles	2
travis shaw had a huge two run hr in the top of the th inning last night . redsox won over the white sox . redsox	1
nascar win moves bowyer to th in chase standings until then he s just fine walking to victory lane . bowyer a . . .	1
monday is my favorite day of the week because you can get any size iced coffee for at dunkin	1
tsipras says that the september elections will provide his party a strong mandate to form a majority government .	1
tomorrow is going to be a fun filled day of emailing people on how and what to do so i can come back to murray in the spring . stressful	1
kane just had his th heart surgery wks ago now he s home jamming !	0
hahaha nd place in miss usa was miss texas from wonder if the organization just placed her there just for being mexican	2
boehner wants obama to move his speech on wed to thurs of nxt week due to the gop debate on wed . no sense of urgency while americans suffer	2
here here for superman . . . err john cena reported injured saturday night but just fine for monday even got a pin ftw cenahatenation	1
mark martin morning ! yawn good weekend so far ? u like u this status if you u re having a lazy sunday or . . .	1
and the war will result from islam sad but true islam is no religion of peace may b religion of pieces of shit	2
americans taken hostage by iran houthis back in march . .kerry kept it quiet while iran deal was being negotiated so americans would approve	2
this gop race is seriously getting out of hand . who in the blue heck is john kasich ? or red heck as the case may be here .	2
yo if u don t vote nov th for frank bolanos for mayor of doral . . . .drop kicks and elbows to the face maa niggaa .	2
my whole family is going to see ant man on friday before they leave though	0
tonight u c obama was the buffalo sabres and mitt was the dallas stars . it may not seem right . . .	2
oh no kane are you getting a divorce ? i just listened to the replay of tuesday s show and you said bc of the divorce whhhaaat ?	2
if anybody remembers nostradamus and his predictions . i think the mysterious leader described by him may be narendra modi .	0
will john cena tie ric flair tonight by winning his th world title ? summerslam	0
attention yeezus you may have just received another celebrity endorsement . it s been exactly one week since kanye west s epic mtv video	0
time to test out one of my steams games when i get home then at pm eastern going live w for our st weekly gears funfest .	0
aaron samuels asked cady heron in math class what day it was . and cady responded with october rd d	0
erdogan was due to meet with chinese president xi jinping on wednesday afternoon following a formal welcoming ceremony .	0
ordered pc parts on amazon prime day one day shipping haven t received my item yet . it is now monday . very dissatisfied .	2
i work on wednesday if you come into dons with a batman costume on ill let you take as many mints as you can hold in your hands .	0
amazon may sell tablet with inch screen during the holiday season	0
just claimed a sandwich after the employee explicitly called out u c cheese trifecta for demetria ! not my name or my order so happy tues guys	1
but he s certainly been the st or nd best player in the nl overall harper and kershaw better .	1
politifact cites me to show bernie sanders opposes the death penalty while hillary clinton supports it	0
if obama wins i am quite sure one of his st major foreign policy hits would be successful resumption of talks with tehran .	1
that u s like blaming rafa for the season we finished th while ignoring the negative impact of cecil and h g !	2
great article mr . rove and as a military mbr heading out saturday for a yr tour to korea it s very reassuring to see these s .	1
estella has become really dramatic all of a sudden . it u s really cute now but i feel like at some point it may become a problem girls boys	0
amateur hour at lord s y day amp from . pm when paul dunne kicks off his th round with shrek . lovemondays theopen	1
 np ni as in paris jayz kanye u c cant wait to see the live in june watchthethrone	1
john kasich gets the final spot at thursday s gop debate .	0
vincent jackson limited in monday practice estimates fantasy value just fine for thursday	1
i could swear carly fiorina is that th grade teacher who beat me with a don t end a sentence with a preposition . 	2
happy birthday kerry . . .have a great day tomorrow . . . .x	1
erdogan wants to silence critical media ahead of the november elections .	2
ice cube sits at laptop typing . cube you got knocked the fuck out haha ! cube s wife how is friday coming along ?	0
 st the votes rnt rigged nd why would u give up on d ? beware beliebers you got another sydney dalton voteonedirection	0
this sunday is national ice cream day ! celebrate it by making some delicious homemade . . .	1
i just want to look really good tomorrow and have a kick ass start of school assembly and dance to taylor swift .	1
jamming to taylor swift on the tuesday after labor day . makes any day a good day	1
is anyone not going to zac brown band tomorrow	0
how did marco rubio eva longoria and marc anthony bring star power to the election ? nbc latino breaks it down latism	0
we have a busy saturday coming up at knollwood ! our experts will be on hand to help you find the perfect academy . . .	1
mavs couldn u t withstand the rd quarter by the jazz . maybe a little fatigue from a back to back ? worktodo	2
anyone know what the weather on top of mount snowdon s going to be like on saturday ?	0
also . national hot dog day is thursday . but i really really like tacos and margaritas . nationaltequiladay nationalhotdogday	1
just saw you do the sun . ev news great job . sad to hear about frank gifford . .sure kathy lee is devastated .	0
great to meet you sat . if you u re free weds oct pm for our residency leicester square theatre u c we u ll sort you a comp . x	1
it s clearly a trap . in fact suspect it may have been prentis who emailed out pretending to be george osborne .	2
saudi to review power fuel subsidies ministry saudi arabia said monday it plans to review the prices of hea . . .	0
other boxers may have a good jab a good left hook they may go the body well but i do everything great floyd mayweather	0
good looks homie u c im goin to pretty lights tomorrow night so lets burn it down asap after that .	1
fuck just take her to the compton swamp meet and may get lucky and run into kendrick	0
good ! well summerslam is on early monday morning live here at am so il be up watchin it for the great one . . teambringit	1
it s september st i ve lost all hoped relating to frank ocean now i must rescue him bc he s been abducted by the government	2
just think there may be more interesting match ups for rousey spoiler she still wins than another rematch .	0
may as well scribble out the on the fifa disc and replace it with a . basically identical bar bale s hair amp messi s tattoo . shambles .	0
i wasn t saying that . i m saying is that the religion of islam may create more of these terrorist organizations	0
i u m so jealous of everyone at the justin bieber concert . no worries tho . ill be seeing maroon in march . roadtrippin	0
kaka committed to real madrid he may have been on the periphery of the real madrid squad since jose mourinho took . . .	0
friday get out of the cold amp join us at rum runners in dennisport pm . then bundle up saturday and join george amp . . .	1
watching the nd punisher . wish they u d make another one with quentin tarentino directing and thomas jane as castle	1
maria when are you going to sleep ? coz i may go get my glasses right after school but we u ll talk w ana bl aree ! d	0
boris johnson times . ed moans abt george going st class but david miliband travelled by royal jet . boris johnson	0
tbh i was eating and forgot about tvd and i have ocd when it comes to missing the first part of the show . . . so . . .i will wait till tomorrow .	0
body pls get your shit together and get rid of this flu tomorrow is star wars day ffs	2
excited to have nothing to do but sit around orono with no classes tomorrow	1
thanks for the post ! see you this evening from . pm in our gallery piazza xxv aprile b milan 	1
i d like to sign david price in the offseason maybe add a th or th starter and a lefty of bat .	1
george osborne has been a believer in the living wage for two years argues	0
milan in my opinion have only the th best squad after inter roma juventus lazio napoli and fiorentina .	0
looking forward to this concert in vancouver on december th . . .hope to see you all there ! love that city !	1
if can t win the open tomorrow then i want paul dunne from wicklow to win !	0
gucci bags conscience private matter december grow up the duplex yours pathognomonic way out accord over again . . .	0
top gear returns on th may ! yes it s chris evans and there will be episodes . clarkson s amazon effort will be great as well .	1
bush campaign may have trump by the nuts they have a new tv spot showing trump saying hillary best qualified to negotiate iran deals	0
this time tomorrow rndm will be rocking the house . they re the best new group out there ! ! playing milwaukee come check them out .	1
this may be the coolest thing on the net . def my favorite . gt soul train papa was a rolling stone via	1
refugee s did not carry out the charlie hebdo or the paris attacks on friday you prejudice idiot .	2
horrible headache ! day of packing ready for my trip to scotland tomorrow !	2
anaconda video got million views in hours so whatever you may think of nicki personally she has a point .	1
face like miss america . . . body like a stripper . . . fuck me like a pornstar . . . n handle business like the st lady . . . yea i need that . . . 	1
rumor has it that a certain app is available on ios and it s free . android coming friday .	0
time for the media to begin asking jeb bush some tough questions . law gop media journalism	0
just finished the paper needed for tomorrow s exams . i think i deserve to watch an episode of game of thrones . i just do . it s only fair .	1
don u t miss these upcoming spc events on november th a post election breakdown with mark and mark u c . . .	0
looks like its going to be an interesting th end brandon u c plant city 	1
kunle afolayan is under rated aswear down ! october is the movie to watch . madeofblack	1
 obama and hillary may have used benghazi lie to win his last election but the benghazi truth will lose hillary s	2
best year ever it will be ! i am tossing the idea of hawaii around for mid jan to mid feb . but california dreaming for suuure	1
happy bday prince george may god bless u with many more years to live 	1
it s good ! drink in my hand eric church may be about my life though . . requestingasongviatwitter	1
what s with all the day matches tomorrow on ashe ? ? no murray or halep ? can i change my tix ? usopen	2
i wish i was out md i wanna bear on negros shit is fun u c going out sunday to ross snighter sunday finna pop off on twl	1
thank you curtis ! because of you more children in our community have the food they need .	1
already done ! see you at milan	1
labor day weekend fun in the sun . a great white shark finds himself beached on the shore of wellfleet beach cape cod ma . after hours of	0
orioles and rays losing . red sox could be tied for th two games out of rd . not exactly cue the duck boats time but what the heck .	0
erdogan ak party set to keep grip with interim turkish cabinet ankara aug reuters president tayyip e . . .	0
the only reason i know who john cena is is because my bully in rd grade wrote his name in sharpie all over her backpack	0
i want to spend tomorrow drinking whiskey and listening to foo fighters	1
jeb bush continuing to hit back against donald trump took some not so subtle digs wednesday at the gop front runner s decision to let a	0
don t forget to catch thor i mean chris hemsworth on saturday night live tonight !	1
i just ordered one from amazon it ll be here on friday let s fucking roll	1
i m supposed to be fling out to sharm on tuesday . i m fed up of this . i went to paris a few days after the charlie hebdo attack	2
it u s going down this thursday club signature lumpkin rd suite dollathursdays w college id ! everyone else w id ! ! ! ! !	0
massimo is showing me every john cena memes under the sun	1
on september at the pride park ground derby uk . there will be india vs pakistan football match . that will surely be worth watching !	1
david wright is back as the mets try to build on their nl east lead on monday night . here s what i m looking for 	0
the st black woman to ever host the academy awards was i want to be like her ! blackhistorymoment	1
i will make julian stark flex for every person that sign u s matt u s card tomorrow . he u s been working out to fightformatt	0
caitlyn jenner may be charged with manslaughter when you are involved in a motor vehicle accident you suffer . . .	2
bisaa rt kung fu panda in d d both with indonesian subtitles tentatively scheduled to open on tues august isk	0
 bpl issues to be decided nov bangladesh cricket board will take a final decision on the bangladesh premier le . . .	0
if you u re with metropcs then this is probably the best phone you can buy	1
watched annabelle for the nd time !	0
these kids born in the s didnt know a ice cube as a hardcore rapper they know him as a actor and the guy from friday . so who s shooting ?	0
you can pre order and get it but ps may have days exclusivity . it s all speculation though . . .	0
beach trip is winding down . good day of sun jiujitsu and surplus shopping .	1
my uan was created in jul amp modi unveiled it yesterday ! he is just an attention seeker . fooling people by eating credits amp pr activities	2
 mtvstars lady gaga there s a little black spot on the sun today that s my soul up there it s the same old thing as yesterday	1
 trumponcnn please add carly fiorina to the primary debate sept th . please start interviewing her on cnn she deserves more time on cnn	1
demi lovato is in concert this sunday at the bell center sweety ! there s still some places available ! evenko .ca	1
shane is leaving to go back to africa tomorrow . ben is leaving for israel on the th . guess where i m going ? ! nowhere	2
maths re sit next tuesday but then going to my first ever champions league match at the etihad ! buzzing !	1
i didn t know dean ambrose can act but rounds lockdown looks amazing can t wait to see it in september	1
wrong . you need to fact check . paris is on lockdown bruh . this photo is after charlie hebdo in january .	2
how fucking awesome are the french ? ? ? defiant after charlie hebdo . resilient after parisattacks . now creative for climate change march lt 	1
pray for a better day tomorrow . maybe we will wake up and obama and extremist muslims will be gone ! ccot tcot	0
always remember frank gifford doing monday night football man you re going to be missed rip	1
elvis s . career batting average versus david price ranks nd best among pitchers against which he has had pa c .c . . 	1
with school starting tomorrow i m gonna be missing out on so much with zayn this makes me so sad	2
for anyone who lives in the uk amp has ordered shay s book from amazon it isn t available for release day delivery so it won t come on the th	2
so you know that point in teen wolf where peter amp derek are researching the kanima s nd form amp fuck it has wings ?	0
conor mcgregor ufc packages to las vegas this december any day any duration now available ! call our . . .	0
i may be the in the minority here but i don t get all the hype over rooney mara . she s fine but like . . . cate blanchett ! !	0
i loved it ! i didnt wanna come back haha . spending saturday on venice beach and now back in this cold lol 	1
i want promote calibraska at taylor swift tomorrow should i do it	0
this may be the best sharknado of all sharknado s ! loving sharknado 	1
let u s end my friday madness set with some vintage francis m . coldsummernights	0
navy it is so ! kerry is wed fri . i ll be sending an sos have no fear 	1
retreat is where u want to be saturday night ! hilton hotel on hillsborough rd not by the airport like . . .	0
 i sat in my cell after my little chat with odin . i was to sit and rot while thor ruled asgard . how disgusted i felt . i heard 	2
fucking part time fans . where were you at boro away on saturday ?	2
last day in this factory and frank ocean rumors . happy friday boys	1
lets go see ed sheeran at the amway center on september th	0
he needs to win against the clippers tomorrow or hell will start to rain down on his ass !	2
on wednesday its my birthday and i m gonna probably spend this day alone in my bed watching netflix sad life videomtv justin bieber	0
tom brady s suspension got tossed amp all the fans from our st games tucked the shit talking in for a nice nap	2
breakout kings went downhill when they killed the black dude first ep of the nd season .	2
which of you aussie directioners are counting down to hear the new album on novemeber th ?	0
ha says spanish lawyer who had a conversation with real madrid on monday night .	0
may i be the first to remind you daylight saving time ends this weekend . set clocks back at am sunday	0
wow ! for the th consecutive year zac brown band absolutely killed it . great show !	1
 st time in my life i agree with brock lesnar about his rousey comment . ufc wwe	0
may god be with his people israel and guide and protect them ! i stand with israel !	1
frank gifford did more than just monday night football for abc . also a fill in host for good morning america and late night for olympics	0
top ten strikers who are on the premier league u s january wishlist via	0
caitlyn jenner responds to reports she may be charged in fatal car wreak they don t have the balls to charge me but i still have mine ! 	0
you say no to western education but you record videos and post them on youtube . may your hypocrisy destroy you boko haram .	2
enjoying a night of dexter with 	1
those who justified mumbai police u s incompetency for aug are the same ones who supported delhi police u s action at ramlila . . . ! !	0
i hope john cena is ok it seems like he may of been dropped preety hard by kevin owens during a house show tonight hopefully it s not	1
angelito casts and pbbunlimited big with kevin u c divine u c deniesse and ryan are guests tomorrow night sa kick off . adm .	0
sunday is national ice cream day . how could you miss that ? here s some food inspiration from	1
putin may be the one coordinating the whole thing . recall ira plo and other cases during cold war .	0
fact trying to escape the bed in the morning may require some expertise in jiujitsu .	0
going to see estelle sat in washington u c dc at dar constitution hall ! check out the tour dates here 	0
john kasich i don t read a bible to figure out what i think gov . john kasich sat down with dana bash to ta . . .	0
that u s rough . you had definite starts on a bye . also u c flacco over newton ? we have to talk about this on friday .	0
why anti terrorist coalition in saudi arabia may not be quite what it seems	0
this is from january after the charlie hebdo attacks . . . a beautiful moment of unity in the midst of tragedy . paris	1
man if this guy could just do this on a sunday . dustin johnson can just obliterate a golf course when he s on . better make it yards .	0
maude barlow why i am going to be in victoria on october nd nopipelines notankers tarsands	0
a little s rock set crowd pic at jumby bay in jupiter . . . . .saturday . . . we rock the thirsty turtle in port st lucie 	0
i told my dad i may vote for bernie sanders this election amp he s literally giving me the silent treatment lol headass butthurtaf	2
frank gifford who died today at worked the masters for before going to abc to do monday night football .	0
review black friday gerber gator machete with sheath find u c shop u c see reviews u c buy black frid . . .	0
if we could just send taks scores instead of sat act my life would be a billion trillion times easier .	1
say hello tomorrow from your high status line up and i shall hail to the vips	1
see you guys tomorrow at sm sta . rosa ! i u ll be performing for sm cyberzone grand launch event 	1
iran uzbekistan to increase direct flights uzbekistan was the th leading importer of iranian non oil goods . . .	0
i will be back on psn tomorrow the nd of september with my new ps message me if your intersented in my psn name 	1
tomorrow is the last day i will see trayvon . 	0
no because of bias . when before thurs are the critical probing bbc programmes on the other three candidates ?	0
come on xbox for some chilled . wagers and i m sat here playing against people dripping it	0
sunday sevilla v a . madrid roma v juventus mufc v swans monaco v psg please don t disturb i ll be watching football all day .	1
 brewers ryan braun records his th career game with at least rbi	0
this friday gunna start my early christmas shopping so my son have everything he want come christmas morning	1
y u all be sure to download that yehive app on friday too . we u re trying to put msu and starkville on the map .	0
sheamus is going to win on sunday since he was pinned by randy orton more than once since battleground .	1
hey ! are you going to noel fielding with us on friday ?	0
fact if you listen to zac brown band on a gloomy day the sun comes out	1
happy friday everyone . . .starting off we have . . . bee gees with country woman	1
saturday night adult swim cowboy bebop ghost in the shell reminds me how much i adore yoko kanno s music . such an amazing composer .	1
i wish chelsea sign lucas leiva and american national team player jones in the january transfer window .	0
 will get to replies now . teen wolf may have sucked me in yesterday . . . .the whole day . xd wouldlovetomakeatwaccountbutnotenoughtime gt 	1
national hot dog day is tomorrow . now is your chance to grab a weiner for only . and we all know everyone loves cheap weiners .	1
so folks trump has now lead consistently nationally and in every key state since beginning of july . past history shows that wins it all .	1
 what s the date ? normal people october th ? swiftie s swiftober th aaaaaah it s swift day ! ! ! !	1
dook tomorrow and on the th . . . the game we u ve all been waiting for . . . nc state	1
former mizzou rhp kyle gibson twins will start in the arizona fall league rising stars game on sat u c pm on mlb tv .	0
pretty cool names . i have one cat a black cat named merlin who leaps on my chest in the middle of the night . a heart attack soon	1
norwich city book signing this saturday with and ex canary friends u c before the stoke game !	0
secured beta access for rainbow six seige on both xbox one and ps . is it september th yet ?	0
i don t care what you think about st and th amendment law or even gay marriage . what did elvis think about it ? !	0
goodnight friends i love you and niall and i can t wait to see the boys again tomorrow ahhhhdnfcn	1
athens reuters greek lawyers launched their defense of a prominent journalist on thursday charged with break . . .	0
its just the rd week for god s sake professors need to chill just because eid is coming doesn t mean everything has to be done before eid	0
c u mon you telling me emily chrissy and thalia couldn u t have had a better show case then that ? at least a stage for the jackets my mans .	2
you realize mizzou made t shirts celebrating their win over kentucky ! they should commemorate their th place finish on the back .	1
bj penn u c shogun u c nick diaz and swick fighting on the same card . . .should be ppv but its on fox ? ? dec . th cant wait .	1
is anyone gonna go see the nekromantix on the rd ! ! ? ?	0
just now turning on the white sox and it looks like a saturday afternoon neighborhood softball game untucked	0
tomorrow will be the day that ian holloway is a hero . he will say no to palace and he will show loyality and we will go on to beat derby !	0
friday is cold but here . how are you guys doing ? win evanescence tickets plus stone sour u s new album in about minutes . . .	0
good morning all my followers amp fellow christians may god go b u n everything y all do on this sabbath day ! ! ! i love u all beloved ! ! ! !	1
ancelotti varane and benzema have both woken with fever . i don t think either will play tomorrow 	2
they are going in on the lakers . mike brown may need to take notes . .	0
talladega nights on comedy central . might just stay in tonight .	1
rt good morning ! today voters go to the polls in wisconsin s two final recalls reuters p tcot wirecall	0
my monday has consisted of paul mccartney on a loop in my head and craving honey barbecue boneless wings with ranch from bdubs	1
prayers for yakub at the mahim dargah just ahead of burial this is the state of indian muslims . .they support them . .	0
i heard may queen is good u c nice guy but has song joongki in it i have no interested in drama these days unnie . 	2
we u ve just sampled some of greg u s delicious pretzels for our german themed boardroom dinner tomorrow ! yummy !	1
fec approves . bn for locomotives the federal executive council fec thursday approved a n . billion for the design manufacture . . .	1
i can t wait for it to be january st and frank ocean fans are still crying they ain t get an album	1
zac brown band is about to put on an amazing show and i m hyped to see it on the th .	1
me with a bow . getting shipped to my boyfriends house in milan paris strip club then back to his house	1
let this poor chris evans beat the real chris evans for once would treat family to a holiday 	1
may you please do a video on how to fight like bruce lee and chuck norris	1
tony blair may be responsible for the deaths of hundreds of thousands of people but at least he bowed low enough eh ? remembrancesunday	2
and then both teams took dumps in the nd round of the big dance u c ku flaming out against ucla u c mizzou losing to northern iowa .	2
josh hamilton and i are making our returns at the big a but josh s st since things went sour for him amp angels .	0
if you think your sleep patterns were off during thanksgiving break . . . wait until jan nd .	0
watch john cena gets revenge on jon stewart slams him to the ground via yes ! down jon stewart under the mat !	0
why the hell did randy orton rko the air for ? wtf is he crazy	2
amazon prime day broke sales records exceeding black friday sales which had been the biggest black friday to date says amazon .	1
c mon guys calling all the tributes and lawsbians i voted jennifer lawrence for homecoming queen ! ! ! mockingjay	1
paul dunne amp his teammates played in thesagamoreclub fall collegiate preview in . dunne may win the tomorrow .	0
when the workers at dunkin say see you tomorrow 	0
fans lined up for black friday tickets at maverik center available to the first fans lined up when the box . . .	0
bruce i mean caitlyn jenner likes tradition . . .if he loses the dangly bits i may call him a her	0
dustin johnson has a great chance to win the as long as there is no sunday round .	1
the fact that i u m going back to east york till jan for no apparent reason . . ugh	2
i have the privilege of performing at the usher hall tomorrow which seats amp has welcomed elton john led zeppelin amp david bowie . . .	1
oh wednesday do tho . . . . they won the rumbelows cup in . . . they re up there with barca !	1
police deny knowledge of boko haram in enugu the enugu state police command on monday said it was n . . . oladeile	0
according to hall rating kenny lofton is the th best center fielder . of all time .	0
my student visa get over in jan . but i contacted to indian embassy in israel they said it takes another weeks	2
caitlyn jenner and her son brody had some kind words to say about one another as the hills star celebrated his nd birthday on friday .	0
for our sunday we have . . . . . .we have the computer hooked up and i have a little time on it this morning . bee gees . . .	0
well it rained all day on eid then second day was hot but then rd day and even aj bi its raining so	2
dear the newooffice for mac is great and all but no lync update ? c mon .	2
y ello the following people have won invites to the headies main event tomorrow . venue eko hotel and suites . . .	1
not in the afghan halal meat shop but it may as well be with the amount of afghans and halal meat in the house ! !	1
gotta remember to bring dionje candy tomorrow u c lol he got mad at me today !	1
saw paper towns on saturday ! pretty sweet movie love the casting !	1
around pm but it never actually gets dark . . . just stays twilight for four hours until the sun comes back up .	0
omg apparently the song from the mobile contingent march in is from naruto . . . . .	1
just like christians with their bible americans are cherry picking the nd amendment . gunsense	2
she s really funny . in that th harry potter book i could not stop laughing the whole way through it .	1
few people remember or ever knew that in his rookie season tom brady in the pats pecking order of quarterbacks on the team was th . th !	0
do yourself a favor and look at ryan braun s stats this season . you may not like it but he s still a franchise player . brewers	0
so now i gotta decide between going to see duelo or heading to wild bills with friends saturday . . .	0
my pain may be the reason for somebody u s laugh . but my laugh must never be the reason for somebody u s pain charlie ch	0
on the ball emails today announcing that clarkson hammond and may are to make a series about cars for amazon prime ! who knew ?	1
this is the rd time i ve seen gadafi in a long while and every time he s with tony blair	0
enjoying how the jay z vs . abdel halim hafez lawsuit forces serious newspapers to put big pimpin in headlines .	1
 uhurureturns and takes back the presidency . his nd term for sure . . .as for ruto he has now served his st term as prezzo ! ikue hivo hivo .	1
i m actually probably gunna buy it . danny elfman enthusiast can t help myself ! but i ll let you know tomorrow !	1
forgetting about the money i d just be so happy to see paul dunne do it tomorrow . stuff of fairy tales ! wicklow lad too . . represent	1
shawn face explains the nd picture	0
the city of houston is buzzing right now monday night football	1
hard day looking forward to my tea now may have to call in to an irlam takeaway memories	2
c mon the randy orton one is like meme voltron .	0
brady in the pouring rain tonight or russell wilson in the friendly ed jones dome sunday ?	0
been listening to runrig and eddi reader on loop since i left scotland on sunday . think it means i miss home amp poss have bad taste in music 	0
who will we be seeing on friday at the sheepandbeef event ? see us for live eid demos with new app	0
asif the next pretty little liars episode is in january u c i can u t wait so long . the halloween episode was next level tho	1
so david de gea is going to real madrid right ? i thought the deadline was tomorrow at pm gmt	0
a couple of hours after that tweet i heard that it is still on the cards . big brother may be watching . . .	0
happy birthday lima bean i love you baby zayn loves you happy nd	1
but saturday shawn was trying to say that he s single in spanish . who the fuck knows anymore ? ! ? !	2
dennison our offense will have its hands full with mario williams on sunday .	0
catch me tomorrow on friday on and i ll get you ready for daylight saving time !	1
very much looking forward to the tomorrow with teengirl fantasy chika chika yeh .	1
by michael nienaber berlin july reuters the parties in angela merkel s coalition government sent conflicting signals on the latest	2
check out paul mccartney talking about the rd unreleased beatles reunion song now and then that remains . . .	0
tgif is totally meaningless when you have to work on saturday . .just sayin psybringiton	2
people that are like rd year seniors it u s about time you move on w high school . this is not degrassi where you u re the same age forever	0
we hope all of you vendors out there can make it out launch party next tuesday at warehouse bentley . . .	1
hillary upset biden may run jeb bush upset trump is leading in the polls both had family in the w .h . both feeling entitled to be next	2
i raised this with george osborne on tues . tory u turn on manifesto pledge on social care will cost savings amp homes .	0
tuesday is my sixteen hour day and i u m still up . . .	0
apple software u c retail chiefs out in overhaul san francisco reuters apple inc ceo tim cook on monday pushed out the powerful hea . . .	0
dark souls series being the exception . after my th ng in demon s souls i realized it just wasn t worth the stress .	2
i want it to be tomorrow so i can watch miss usa	1
 news boston yankees hit hrs in run nd inning beat red sox the yankees needed almost all of it to leave . . .	0
got through two episodes of the game of thrones one just now . may play more of it later .	1
i m going to take a wild guess and say that paper towns is out tomorrow ?	0
i wonder if lacy and lexus want to come to church sunday .	1
 followmehayes i share a bday with justin bieber lmao remember to wish me on march st 	1
 rd party app on ios does it add a keyboard or you have to type gt copy gt paste ?	0
you re all getting ready for your first day of school while i m packing up to sleep outside for justin s show thursday morning	1
happy th monthsary slaniesse ! ! wishing you guys more more months and years together . stay strong for slater and deniesse ! 	1
justin bieber s complaint on obama s entrance colonel i s being sorry i now he may be lady middleton his doing a more conjectural 	0
yeaaah tomorrow i can download the mew pretty little liars again ! ! ppl	1
never do business alone again ! learn how with women entrepreneurs of oregon at madison s grill on tues nov 	2
george harrison composed here comes the sun at eric clapton s house in surrey .	0
rt i hope notre dame wins tonight and the steelers win tomorrow 	1
thoughts on josh gordon you may remember when i posted a few hours ago about josh gordon s pro day . . . ncaaf	0
for you younger kids jan brady has no relation to tom brady . nor to deflategate . just . . never mind .	0
we both did .but it was so good .ithink the best part was when we were hiding from tyler since we sat together .	1
ate dinner on the couch in sweatpants amp under a blanket while listening to sam smith pandora amp now i m reading the newspaper . its saturday .	1
should you upgrade from adobe cs suite ? cs came out before the st ipad mini was released in the same month facebook bought instagram !	0
so theresa may has today publicly said the same thing as what nigel farage and ukip get attacked for saying ? ?	2
phillies have allowed runs to the red sox in the th . alec asher allows runs jerome williams then gives up solo hr	0
those miles are killer arent they ? haha i want to see dracula untold and then equalizer on sunday .	1
dear god may we trade you all the music artists at tonight s mtvvmas and have frank sinatra and kurt cobain back ? please ? amen	0
 sharknado this is a billion times cooler than brock lesnar destroying the catilac with an axe on monday night raw .	1
nothin like a sunday morning sesh with ben e . king u c aretha franklin u c and etta james trynnaturnthisdayaround	0
christ i get it . paper towns is out tomorrow .	0
top gear returns with chris evans hosting in may	0
i may or may not successfully execute watching gilmore girls all day on netflix . i may run out of episodes before i do time .	0
news release october customers of the negros sub grid experienced a partial outage today at pm cont 	2
search around black friday much higher compared with amazon prime day	0
oct it will be mostly dead but mostly dead is still a little bit alive ! ! billy crystal the princess bride 	0
well the ravens played there first preseason game this thursday againt the eagles ravens d vs michael vick .	0
sunday gravy red sox take another misstep with don orsillo	0
july th the day all the women who find dean ambrose attractive died	2
heading to a barbecue this weekend ? july is national hot dog day ! try making your own hot dog buns with our . . .	1
and apparently it u s also national bieber day young justin u s th birthday as well as st david u s day and worldbookday	0
tony blair will address the foreign press association in jerusalem tomorrow . after eight years in the region what light will he shed ?	0
hillary cares only about hillary . i choose to wait for a credible female to become our st woman president . smart women aren t desperate !	0
 music paul mccartney the beatles original concert ticket sept 	0
probably going to go see bernie sanders this sunday in gso .	1
federer defeats kohlschreiber to go through to the th round	1
my tweets are so inconsistent . i can go from mon scotland to nirvana are amazing to i love doctor who in the space of minutes .	0
lol . . .oh if you are free on sunday i would like to invite you to women s day at my church .	1
gucci may be a famous rapper but he s still in jail and still have an ice cream cone tatted on his face	0
i hope u all have a good day bc it s friday and shawn loves u . keep smilin 	1
j cole amp kendrick lamar just go in on each others instrumentals in black friday	0
looking to expand my team with younique uk can join now and start selling november st . younique s natural based products .	1
cnn revises debate criteria in possible boost to carly fiorina cnn announced on tuesday that it would . . . media	0
omo seriously ? i got into kpop because of bigbang too then after that i discovered b st so they were the nd boyband i got into	0
it s november st . . . so that means candy cane icecream has to be in the stores now right ? ? ? ? ?	0
i love that boy ! jacob just sat in the bck and was laughing	1
bill maher is the perfect example of how gross and ignorant liberal idols may be	2
in depth review of the spectacular moto g rd gen one of the best in its class !	1
i think at this juncture i may like queens of the stone age more than i like nirvana . tending bar tonight if you d like to discus	0
strange thing about being really fair skinned under the sun i sparkle like a fucking twilight vampire .	0
yes . brock lesnar will appear tomorrow then he will be gone till before royal rumble	2
i was really upset on friday night and i laid my head on my friends lap he hugged me then began to sing little birds by bob marley	0
zlatan s th goal of the season not enough for who concede twice late on to draw with caen . . .	0
boko haram captures five lgs in yobe borno targets vips thisday live report says it happened post may .	2
do you work sunday ? we can have a dunkin date	0
why no moto g rd gen review in your channel ? waiting for the review 	2
night night pope gc the st	0
happy th birthday conor mcgregor have a great day from everyone at !	1
saturday night my year of living documentarously continued with kurt cobain montage of heck .	1
federer s st serve is just . . .perfect . usopen	1
tony blair bemoans tragedy . . . . spoiler alert it s not the tragedy of millions of middle east deaths	2
a so to for the most amazing night eric church and then theafter party . tomorrow and	1
find out if i can pick up the gucci foams are couple of days early tomorrow	0
john cena hits jon stewart with attitude adjustment on monday night raw cenavsstewart aa wwemondaynightraw	0
messi and barcelona will resume la liga action with a traditionally tricky trip to real sociedad sunday kick off cet 	0
february th desperation day the most awesome day of all time true story	1
i dream of a world where not only is hannibal in it th season but we re also looking forward to a hannibal vs dexter halloween special lol	1
who s ready for the foo fighters tomorrow night ? ! britton tavern is your pre concert and post concert party . . .	1
israel will stomp you like a june bug	2
land conservation announcement monday gov . mitch daniels and lt . gov . becky skillman will make a lan . . . nashville	0
with kane and rooney seemingly forming a great partnership it shows how great a signing man utd may have wanted to make rooney kane mufc	1
goddess bless the sisterhood of seeing magic mike xxl alone at pm on tuesday .	1
navy band concert to feature music from jurassic park tomorrow night at the redlandsbowl	1
come tomorrow ? or do you have east york ?	0
it s everyone . like eventually the sun will burn up even in marvel land . i guess thor might get out okay but who cares .	2
muslims will take the th on that one .	0
miley was a child actor .i m sure most of the net worth is from the hannah montana days .c mon now . don t play nicki .	2
caitlyn jenner wears a swimming suit for the st time in public but refuses a kim kardashian type suit . more photos 	0
manny pacquiao s fight with floyd mayweather may have been a dud but his next opponent is shaping up to be an . . .	0
 idp will texans see the old mario williams on sunday ? will texans see the old mario williams . . . fantasyfootball	0
frank ocean c mon man i just got my heart broken . release your album mane we need it	0
i honestly thought you lot had lost it and were talking about the th series of big brother .	2
gas by my house hit . ! ! ! ! i u m going to chapel hill on sat . 	1
anyone looking forward to bioshock infinite ? check out this new look at the game !	0
i m one of the few who agree with you about game of thrones . i also tried the st season and gave up . dark doom and gloom .	0
our baby boy was created on valentine s day .i would get to see his face dec i have to live with that the rest of my live ! ! ! !	1
there d be absolutely nothing wrong with muslim brotherhood review if one was done on saudi arabia too extremism	0
in the upper room sat night was awesome ! and standout simone messmer awesome ! wish it was filmed . . .	1
c mon . you gotta love this guy ! donald trump says jeb bush should set the example by speaking english only	0
kate bush s sat in your lap is a song i often forget exists and it s always lovely to be reminded it does .	1
maybe if they make a rd one and it will be the last one like the jurassic park movies then yes	1
thank you to all the fans who stood there for hours in the rain waiting for us you were a fantastic audience cya tomorrow at metlife	1
anyone else willing to drop to see paul mccartney at nationwide in oct ? or is it just me . . . ?	0
and thanksgiving leftovers start today . ima be done with turkey by tomorrow . get tired of it .	2
 . baddecisions you make me not want to watch your show s by having jeb bush as st show guest nocolbert	2
and the ufc is fucked up why you may ask ? because they are all getting hoed and controled by dana white	2
it s october th . let s be real aaron samuels probably asked her the date then too . that guy was a tool . meangirls	2
next week on thelivingroom volcanoes in vanuatu luscious lasagne a seventies style over ! see you at . pm next friday on	0
rt we called boise state tried to get them to schedule north carolina on monday night . they didn t do it mickey matthe . . .	0
march no matter on which side of the aisle you sit you stand with israel . benjamin netanyahu addressing us congress starqoutes	0
anyone old enough to remember may pole dancing christmas amp easter now we know more about eid than our traditions ! !	0
such a love hate with relationship with digi . love the monday hate the tuesday morning	1
thinking i m absolutely hilarious sat here playing the john cena theme tune on a recorder	1
eth hm asks delhi police to ensure swachh bharat drive on october modi had paid a surprise visit to the ma . . .	0
i speak with rasha hefzi among the st women elected in saudi arabia st election in which women	0
juventus are ready to let simone zaza go in january with arsenal interested in the year old striker . fichajes in spanish	0
reading prelude to tomorrow s apple event can t help but think is the new wsj bloomberg or nyt re ipad news .	1
just a typical friday night spent tgif w the squad	1
outfit pink for eid salaam lovelies . eid mubarak . . and may you all have a blessed eid ! since the last day of r . . .	1
today is not the death day of apj abdul kalam s . he passed away on th . today is his janaja . its only yakub s death day today .	0
so apparently i m going to brookie s halloween party tomorrow . . . .	0
so who wants to come over tuesday and have a one tree hill or harry potter marathon with me 	1
hulk hogan offers self as running mate for the donald . perfect ! he is equally serious politician 	1
i know its a long shot but can anyone help with a ticket to the north london derby on nov ? i u d be forever grateful	1
 curls up next to papa on the front porch going through baseball withdrawal ? i ask him . hardly u c circe . . . . playoffs start tomorrow . 	1
thx for following econokit you may like to use bizikent and rt follow other local businesses as per bizitalk	1
i think i know why you think it s funny . it may have a lot to do with the fact that you don t remeber when milan played in cl	0
scirea memorial inter roma milan inter continue their good run in the th edition of the gaetano scir . . .	1
c u mon you know the bca is a budget u c and stronger than a resolution . it u s a law . ohsen	0
just said farewell to a bottle of glenlivet in the company of fleetwood mac . adieu mon cheri !	1
daily mobile news lg may update the optimus x to ics after all releases source code smartphone	0
october u aircraft strays over siberia . usaf interceptors sent to protect armed with nuclear warheads cuba 	0
sick beard download finished rd rock from the sun x dick puts the u id u in cupid	0
all new teen mom this monday u c i really wanna see it .	1
what i just realized re retribution the date it came out here in the uk matched the day jill set off to escape raccoon city september th	0
please have a look at this link and see if the errors mentioned may correspond to your errors .	0
dana white is trying to make anderson vs belfort ii happen . don t bother anderson would pepper him just like the st time	0
time will tell . apple and google seem to have push ms to be more open which is good . win may be it !	1
everyone should most definitely not go watch star wars on december th because it ll be a terrible movie	2
 lakhs to crores . gives some sense of how maino became the th richest politician in the world !	0
check it out ! ! frobisher says ! is free for ps vita october rd posted by don mesa director u c product plannin . . .	0
happy birthday wilt chamberlain ! he may be dead u c but was also known for being stiff when he was alive .	1
i get the impression that this guy does not like kanye west i may be wrong but that s what it looks like to moi	0
summerslam may be interesting after all ! saves the day again . raw	1
amanda seyfried smoking a bong in ted may actually be one of the hottest things i ve seen . . .	1
off to ronnies sat night to see curtis you going ?	0
 things we learned from milan empoli milan recorded their first victory of the season on saturday night . . .	0
michael clarke looked reasonabley comfortable against the gordon cc st grade attack today . . player cheersforthenetboys	1
blood moon returns early wednesday and this time it s bigger fyi	1
fps russia penis reservations u c he u s already doing chicks today maybe we can fit you in tomorrow ?	0
keep the faith fans u c we u re never done until the final whistle . the battle for california supremacy begins sunday . bring it .	1
mullah omar inspired terrorists like boko haram who use girls as sex slaves . if hell exists may he rot in it forever	2
contrast to the city of milan . last season th amp th . . now currently st amp th . .	0
haha no but i m going to disney world in december	0
time to watch the njpw equivalent of kane versus seth rollins from wednesday s g climax	0
open registration class for kpop and hiphop dance with every thursday pm hiphop . . .	0
he u s been my lover since th grade u c degrassi days ! !	1
so sunday oliseh gets his first win as the coach of super eagles after win over niger in an international friendly . haveyoursay	0
just read that the trial of geroge zimmerman in trayvon case killing is set for june th ! ! why so late ? ? ?	2
new african force set to take on boko haram soon nigerian president in a related development on tuesday the . . .	0
so had wilbon straight up making up a story about dustin johnson singing the th inning stretch last night with no correction cool	1
corey continues his journey in everybodysgonetotherapture and there may be some fleetwood mac in the . . .	0
don t spread rumors jan jiii . this is strongly prohibited in islam . ask your maulana if you still need any referenc	2
dc young fly and ice cube s son got to make friday	1
floyd mayweather tells ronda rousey to call him . . . when she makes . . . baltimore sun boxing	0
correction is coming to la on sunday ! open streets from culver city to venice beach . will you be there ? ciclavia	1
i think the tapes are march april while soundwave is dec	0
in this april file photo kim kardashian from the show keeping up with the kardashians attends an e !	0
carly fiorina moved up to rd place in the poll . she moved up from th so a huge jump . she s a fan of the dream act amp tarp .	1
tom brady may be considered great but he will always have an by his name just like barry bonds .	0
if local journalism is subjected to more consumer control you may have a case to reduce bbc journalism . oh but the profits ! ?	0
bring the beast of brock lesnar on monday night raw	1
 isitok that potato was screamed at irish golfer paul dunne while he was about to take a shot on the th ? wanker	0
iran all schools in tehran were closed on sunday due to the worst pollution levels in the city for nine months . mt	2
kris bryant is pretty good at baseball . i think he just might have a future in it . youhearditherefirst	1
new live sound webinar tomorrow at pst with paul david hager goo goo dolls u c avril lavigne u c devo register now at	0
july th three years ago the night david beckham drove past me on the thames on a motor boat . blessedbybecks	1
just read timmonsville is beating the crap out of mcbee still in the rd ! ! !	2
damn it ! i was gonna see if you wanted to go visit mitchie with me on friday ! 	2
don t question the monarchy but look at its butthurtedness . then tomorrow look ! baby pictures . prince george and shit .	2
i m going to see paul mccartney with ben jerry and mike . that s good news on a monday morning ! broctober	1
a little tid bit of info about a local band u c beitthemeans u c who will be playing here nov with capt . stabb tuggo . . .	0
briana and matt taking some time out for a quick cuddle in fitzroy on saturday . these streets are not only the . . .	0
harry potter and the goblet of fire j .k . rowling st hb dj 	0
ant man screening sat amp sun . pm super tue . pm armed with the astonishing ability . . .	1
just caught up with made in chelsea hope jinky sort it out they would be great together can t wait for next monday madeinchelsea	1
photo mymiddletons july prince george attends the christening of his sister hrh princess . . .	0
per base running runs kris bryant has been the nd most valuable baserunner in mlb . billy hamilton has been twice as valuable .	0
iran oil exports may rise by barrels per day in year after sanctions iea et special love visual aspe . . .	0
hmmm how about this book for my birthday . . and el clasico in la liga will happen on march ! sweeeeet !	1
shawn may be young but acts so mature and thats one of the things you should love about him	1
rt tonight we test one of our nuit blanche projects ! nuit blanche is coming up ! what are we doing you ask ? . . .	0
best day and weekend trips from seoul by season by elizabeth eunthere s just so much to see in seoul it may t . . .	1
i like the way my year old dad stumbles across random film stars shooting theworldsend in wgc while getting saturday paper	1
friday the th isn t the only day hulk hogan tells his daughter to avoid black cats .	0
depends on wearable tech being viable . i think so and the apple watch is already profitable so i think we ll see nd gen .	1
alaskan musher youngest to win iditarod dallas seavey won the iditarod trail sled dog race on tuesday evening becoming the you . . .	1
i wish i had a ss tshirt u c i would wear it right now and tomorrow	0
i don t know if i want to see a rd i definitely don t want to see kane	2
like what else can they offer honestly ? i may just get another iphone because i m used to the os	0
bit late to the party but just back from magic mike xxl and ermahgaaad i could have sat in that cinema for the rest of my life . nom nom nom .	1
india vs west indies th odi at dharamsala ajinkya rahane out for oct india lost the wicket of a . . .	0
are you back at volstead this saturday ? or still out of town killin it ?	0
fuuuuuuck deadpool looks so fuckin cool ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i m excited as fuck ! ! i m watching that friday saturday and valentine s day promise you .	1
seven penny stocks to watch with heavy volume for march fyxnews	0
maby cuz u are sooo good at bowling and they are now scared from u p they got sick from u taking the st place everytime	1
good luck tonight to ghostpoet pj harvey anna calvi elbow and metronomy at the mercurys if either of you will i ll be chuffed .	1
i have no idea why this katy perry story is going around now considering it is from may ? ?	0
the heat are playing the rd quarter so fast and free that game is starting to look like the nba all star game . nbafinals	1
shooting psychobilly band nekromantix at the hi fi this friday and i have a available . if you wanna see them for free lemme know 	1
good luck from to cork youth orchestra preparing for its concerts with michael ball dec city hall have fun !	1
richard bland carded a nd round under to surge into a shot lead at the italian open . ssgolf	0
what kendrick dropped on black friday does more for the culture than the dirty sprite and god crowd could even fathom .	1
click this link and retweet that tweet if you want a chance to get gifted calibraska !	0
scott walker on sunday said he was considering a fence on the border with canada some people have asked us . . .	0
i seized some in our neighborhood on eid s nd day but faced some anger frm their families side so gave thm back	2
then the chris brown concert the th with the niggas !	1
have a great game agaist tampa bay tonight .	1
hope cong leaders sonia rahul gandhi march with flower bouquets to rcr pm modi pak diplomatic coup .	0
bird on the wire is one of the st songs i learned as a child . and now daddy and i go see leonard cohen !	0
when that sun is high in that texas sky u c i u ll be buckin it to county fair . amarillo by morning . amarillo ill be there . . .	0
the th edition was great too ! i traveled around islands in vanuatu new caledonia	1
kanye west won the vma for longest prez announcement ever skimmlife via	0
the next time you call me such a name you may have to tell mikasa that you can no longer make children . . . gives a rather 	2
some good stuff going down in gregory gym . nd place tasted terrible ready to have that gold around my neck ! goforgold	1
adamawa to pay prayer warriors n m to pray against boko haram in what may appear strange to many the adamawa . . .	2
can t play tonight cause i didn t think id get any offers so i signed up to ps gfin but can play tomorrow ?	0
 dec going to hat yai 	1
just drove by ihop and probably cars in the parking lot . at on a thurs . people are wild .	1
agreed but i have been labour a long time and may not agree with andy but he is not a tory	0
happy friday ! zac brown band is in the neighborhood ! see you soon ! zbb zbbindc sedc navyyard	1
photo kirsten dunst on her way to the independent spirit awards u c feburary th	0
jason aldean with this beauty on sunday ! ! summernights sundayfunday soldout cincinnati	1
frank ocean dropping his new shit on feb . the same day kizumonogatari is releasing	2
happy friday yall . . . . .can u play feel it boy by janet jackson ft beenie man amp then nthin compares to you by the jacksons .	1
the world will end on february in the year . valentine s day . bummer . 	2
ayeee wear the jordan u s and a black vneck tomorrow u c let u s be twins .	0
i am not in the state of mind to take the act tomorrow	2
it s sweet tooth sunday ! national ice cream day is july th ! top your favorite dessert with a scoop ! indulge	1
russian diplomat russia has removed uranium from iran the russia iran accord under the july deal foresees th . . .	1
 lt but fine for the ira still to be running drugs prostitution and other organised crime to this day .	2
these white sox untucked unis may be the most atrocious uniform i ve ever seen	2
alright my friend saw this hot blonde alex girl from chardon at the game friday . and he wants to know who it is .	1
terry vs elton over the missed fair catch signal saturday . . . .now that was funny	1
dustin johnson . . .the st hole ? wow . . . pgachampionship	0
ant man takes a second week at the top of the box office while it may not be setting th . . . via	0
home tomorrow . all i want is wedgewood u c antones u c quaker u c amen u c olive garden u c and charley u s .	0
robert griffin throws a td pass on th down in the first quarter then the steelers get revenge and block the extra point	0
no my pockets are empty . . . rd day of eid . . . .	0
ladies ! due to a scheduling conflict with our instructor yoga will be tomorrow instead of thursday . be prepared to limber up ! littlethings	0
mastered gamedev story finally . now i ll have to get a new game for the flight tomorrow . suggestions ? ipad games 	1
dj khaled hold you down ft . chris brown august alsina future jeremih	0
sep greg peck is very happy with the blaze of glory casting . he considers a top dramatic actress .	1
tomas brown . have you seen these thought provoking taylor swift images ? you may want to see 	1
sat trying to blog finally and fleetwood mac comes on . sign today is going to be a good day and i m not missing out on the valpo sun . . .	1
preparing for some jack white action tomorrow night by listening to the his setlist from dublin .	0
i swear the night before i leave for an away football weekend i can t sleep . it s like grown up lotsa beer th man towel disney world	0
i d just order it from online then . if you have amazon prime you ll have it by friday .	0
what a time to get a net cord . . . .murray now up in the rd to stay in the us open . . .	0
i want skye to be the love of may and thor	1
 whenicaught saturday night fever i quit my job moved to brooklyn and listened only to the bee gees .	1
mikasa shoved a blanket against his chest once they got downstairs but she didn t leave yet . she sat down on the sofa 	0
sunday s heating up like it s summer all over again . make mattbomer your sundate with magic mike xxl now . . .	1
how is the racism u c threats u c hatred shown toward entire zimmerman family different than any racism that george may have had ? hypocrites	2
come on romney i may not be able to vote from britain but i completley support you ! ! ! good luck !	1
according to reporters on the scene lions rookie rb mikel leshoure was carted off field today with a left leg injury . sry bro	2
may i know what is your iq score ?i just had a bet on who has a better iq you or rahul gandhi ?	2
happy birthday may you have many more . can u t wait to party with you on sat . in dc	1
 windows privacy settings to look into windows may have come with an improved interface but . . . windows	0
for the division ? if so yes first on xbox in december and then ps at a later date	1
just realized i m friends with miss teen usa th runner up and wondering why i don t try harder to talk to her .	2
white sox take a lead over minnesota on avisail garcia s th hr twins a game back of texas for the nd wildcard	0
horrendous may their souls rest in peace i hope the govt redoubles their efforts to wipe out boko haram .	2
 dw english kim davis gay marriage and the death of christian privilege in america arrested for denying mar . . .	2
apparently it s national hot dog day today ! may have to get some for dinner .	1
yeah ! so if you want to go u c just let me know . we can talk about it more tomorrow in anatomy if you want .	0
had a great time meeting my senators and at the scott walker luncheon last friday !	1
john kasich seems well balanced and sensible compared to the rest at thursday night s debate . i say won .	1
this time i m with my brother who may be even more obsessed with the jurassic park franchise than i am .	1
it s kinda awful when you can relate to that bad blood song . bc it s my life monday thru thursday . i did nothing ! and if i did tell me !	2
i miss you like the moon misses the sun at twilight	1
would love to ! flying out to van on the th and working in whistler ! will defo head over to banff tho ! ! canada	1
had my st beef bibimbap today at westfield parramatta . never knew it would be so filling . hours on and still not feeling an edge hungry .	1
jason aldean and kenny cheney at the meadowlands this saturday is going to be wild ! ! ! noshoesnation	1
i m getting out the gay life today and get me women but i ll be back tomorrow . . .lol	1
today a live performance by anna vissi at the th anniversary gala in canada	0
saturday night in with toast hot choc on e news happydays	1
it s coming the th and i want to go shawn is being a brat	0
i still refuse to believe that allah would make eid a wednesday this month . ain t no point taking a wednesday off work .	2
 months without zayn the th album is finished niall is turning yearsincefireproof today is cam s b day	0
if kim davis converts to islam she s free by sundown amp work tuesday . gay mafia won t have guts to persecute her anymore	2
big congrats to sister queen on st runner up at miss teen usa ! wv is so proud of you elizabeth ! xoxo	1
paul dunne amateur co leader at the open entered the tourney at odds via and entered sunday at 	0
scott walker sat down and went i want to write a mariachi song about the seventh fucking seal 	0
ibm launches linux only mainframe system linuxone international business machines corp said on monday it laun . . .	0
hello marie u c are you stay in bkk ? . may god bless you 	1
why there so much easier i u m pretty sure tomorrow is the cupid shuffle tho . . . i hate that	2
 fashion style kim kardashian explains the special secret meaning behind her just mar . . .	0
getting off of twitter for tonight im gonna get on tumblr then bed goodnight oh yeah i won u t be here this weekend so no twitter til sunday	2
fulham v everton match preview prepare for saturday u s game with our match preview u c including player views u c sta . . .	0
wasn t the class th last in big ten ?	0
unbelievable bottom of the th ! let go red sox ! ortiz !	1
ash wednesday they put ash crosses on your forehead that was the joke lol	1
are the canes the biggest losers in the marlins park deal ? losing the orange bowl not good for their program . bad look at sun life .	2
coach sunday oliseh has assured nigerians that the super eagles is primed for the big time again saying that he . . .	0
so stoked to see the foo fighters again this tuesday	1
dad just found a valentine s day card i gave him in st grade	1
we imperfect humans receive second or sometimes multiple chances . keep up the good work shawn ! sicembears	1
were the house votes cited accurate ? take a midol and call us wednesday morning !	0
every time i read about george osborne i picture this evil king from the elm enchanted forest	2
i second you . not nearly as deep as dark souls see the rd link in my profile s description 	1
hey what s the status of kina grannis and her concert ? if the rain is still this bad we might not have a show tomorrow . . .	2
to be regular after eid busy time tomorrow also going out full day	0
peso rises over moody u s credit rating upgrade for philippines . . . the peso inched up on tuesday following the m . . .	1
my best friend is trying out for the rose parade tomorrow . i wish you the best shante good luck !	1
emi am cait em the e ! entertainment reality show about caitlyn jenner premieres sunday night	1
david wright coming back tomorrow highly increases the chances of me putting up an mcm instagram . not even a little bit ashamed .	0
one dude sat by his truck with israel flags flying preaching from his christian bible . really ? ? ? ?	0
i may or may not be driving an hour and a half just to see the wwat film but i know it will be worth it	1
wtf i so want to see shawn but i get to see in october too concerts	0
can t comment on your video don t have a google account i m on the nd year for my masters in theoretical particle physics	0
what if we make a celebrity death match between bruce jenner vs caitlyn jenner ? ? . . . . . officetalk monday hollywood	2
happy valentines day ! ! . . . . .yes u c in brazil u c it is celebrated on june . your mind blown !	1
anyone else down for ihop with paige and i tomorrow ?	0
fab day in bristol today . now time for fish n chips from argus then off to see looper sat nights were made for this nice	1
the chiefs are missing your presence down the seam . what happened to the chiefs that played in the st half of atl game ?	2
exploring milan under the blazing sun . i already have the feeling i won t be able to see much . so busy ! tomorrow expo	0
cbs a clip of the beautiful viola davis . . .guest on tomorrow u s watch at five ! thetalk	0
haha . . . . mum gave me my work wage for tomorrow for ticketek so that i don u t go to work if that made any sense just to stay home . thanks	1
omg was it ? ? when i got into kpop he was probably my nd bias becos of exo showtime then i found out he left . . i was sad . .	0
at th and at the yardline u c nick diaz comes in to attempt a field goal . the kick is good u c and usu leads . left in the game .	1
tomorrow is going to be an easy day . just show my bib cards for eng which will be like mins since i u m last then get my test back in math	1
get them to write about policy jeb bush says pointing to reporters when asked about higher ed plan . they may break out in a rash 	0
start thinking of reasons why you love kesha and be a guest on the kesha show tomorrow pm est pm pac .	1
no matter k lac people sign the mercy petition of yakub he will be hung on th .no change in order .	2
cool shot from austin city limits festival on saturday with and skrillex jacku repost	1
he s pretty damn strong without a fully evolved naruto he s probably the nd strongest .	1
national margarita day ? this is like christmas in july only with tequila . . .lots of tequila	0
 th day in ! i have lost the kg i gained during eid that i had lost during ramadan more to go ! i have . . .	1
yes of cuz . . chris brown is working on his new album already and that s the nd single off the album after liquor 	1
watched you in scrubs last night on comedy central totaly love scrubs best tv show ever	1
zac brown band is coming to the amphitheatre for their jekyll hyde tour on november th . there are still some . . .	0
kanye west may just have gotten into a bad batch of flakka . good night . prayers up !	0
jurassic world was excellent the only way it could have been better is if was karen amp claire s rd sister	1
which is better gronk s new sportscenter ad or his th and final dunkin donuts music video with big papi ?	0
it u s amazing to see the success thus far early from udofia u c considering how marshall u c etc stifled lorenzo brown on thursday night	1
big redd u c young savage and reed dollaz will be on stage tomorrow night ! philly it u s going down ! !	1
 no ! am i outa the loop somewhere ? this is the nd time today i ve heard kane amp az in same breath .	0
yeah boiii entourage tonight so pissed that there s only epsdes until it ends . oh well on the up side dexter season starts soon . . .ish	1
ukip and the gay pride march by sean gabb gaymarriage gaypolitics gaypride libertarian ukip	1
saturday night netflix my girl and the internets . what more does a guy need ?	1
okay we all know that the royals an giants are going at it next tuesday central time . . . . . .but look who hit . . .	0
i grew up with monday night football . as long as i can remember frank gifford was part of our household . today . . .	0
if rousey runs throught tate the rd time around the cyborg rousey fight has to happen . or just let her clean out the whole division	0
still on my first beer . fleetwood mac are talking directly to me through the wall speakers . not an auspicious start to my wednesday evening .	0
ian mckellen reciting taylor swift s bad blood lyrics is just amazing	1
saudi is playin against nigeria now at the wc may the best team win 	0
ordered my moto g last friday said it was all assemebled that day still hasnt shipped . bummed i don t have my new phone yet . . .	2
if you re around on saturday go see and at stubb s battle of the bands . proceeds go to invisible children .	0
yup saw it on bill maher documentary on crazy folk lol apparently their mock palm sunday festival is a big hit . sarcasm	2
it s every golfers dream to walk the th at st andrews on sunday leading theopen just a shame for paul dunne the final round is tomorrow	0
father of dead canadian reservist says son just wanted to help people kirby tott the prince george reservist who died saturday on b . . .	0
monta ellis commits his st foul ! he u s cold with missed fts u c a foul and a miss to start q . bucks trail bulls u c mid q .	2
jay z and beyonce came to taylor s th but not kim and kanye s wedding . imma let taylor finish but she had the best birthday of all time .	1
step put media loving petraeus in a job where he can t talk much . step absolutely crush him in st available controversy . slick .	2
only spots left for standard first aid with cpr c ! november u c pm pm in centretown . contact centretown . . .	0
carine roitfeld s paris fashion week ball with completely divine . . .	1
excellent free program on sun . at he s been to iran and other countries . riverforest	1
gotta have a callahan s hot dog thursday for national hot dog day with all the trimmings fries or onion rings and root beer .	1
i just bought a samsung galaxy note kind of anoyed at how many things it does and crap i don t need or may . . .	0
 google hot news eva longoria to appear with obama thursday teamfollowback yanews	0
who needs robinson cano we got drew as he hits his th a run shot yankees over the red sox .	1
the black guy always dies first in friday the movies curtis .	0
carlo ancelotti real madrid manager di maria s wage demands were crazy and he only joined man united for the money . sun 	2
one reason why the dry nut prices are going up in the last years . iran is enduring a serious drought 	2
i still know all the lyrics to sk r boi by avril lavigne and it was my th grade ringtone . come at me .	0
as afs id may be wrong . and he can t move towards maine as that s where i ve guided putin in if required to cut the boko haram alibi bull	2
i have come here to meet people i will react to it national herald case tomorrow in the parliament rahul gandhi in puducherry	0
sulaimania mosque in the early morning is having a bright visitor at its dome as a gift on the rd day of eid for us .	1
somebody find me a cheap ticket for the seth rollins meet and greet saturday at . i m not paying over .	0
not in the th amendment it doesnt the same freaks who came up with gay marraige came up with that crap	2
so deadpool comes out on feb th . if you ask me it s the perfect movie for a valentine s date .	1
super eagles performance was lacklustre amp disappointing . we may not qualify if the guardiola of africa doesnt select well	2
sharknado oh hell no is that the movies title or just everyone s reaction when they heard a rd one was being churned out ?	2
stephen keshi we will make nigeria proud super eagles coach says super eagles coach sunday oliseh insists . . .	0
win . count em down boys . games back . more big ones this weekend with the big guy david price throwing tomorrow	1
can you guys please update the schedule in the association mode so that the knicks can play the nets on november th . thank you !	1
 th . . .playoffs and a carling cup final ! ! malky mackay u c i literally love you ! ! whataseason	1
i think it has to do with fan attacking dean ambrose saturday night	0
i may be going to see england vs aus at twickers u c oooosh	0
at least dustin johnson didn t hang around til the end to lose this major . .i think he s hitting his th shot on st hole . still not on green	0
love how i m limping and struggling to walk at the moment yet still so determined to go to digi on monday priorities	1
pope john paul ii would kiss the ground on arrival in a new country because there was a good chance that a small boy had sat there once .	1
hey everyone in case you forgot isis is killing and raping christians homosexuals and many more groups today . enjoy your saturday !	2
 can you imagine mail on sunday asking the weight of the pm george osborne or any other leading politician ? 	0
upgraded to windows and everything was ok until i tried to play a dvd . be forewarned you may need a separate install . i went for vlc .	0
going to my cousins th birthday party today then semifinals tonight game for cereal killers game for slackers	0
y all was gna be mad at nicki anyway . she just stole all the headlines for tomorrow keep fuming bitches ! new queen of the vma s .	0
tom hanks and bill murray may be the two people i would most like to meet . well u c them and scarlett johansen . different reasons though . . .	0
just little old me in the paper today ! here s the scoop sunday is national ice cream day via	1
funny how people believe the sun when it s about zayn though isn t it lol f u	0
i u m late but u c i just watched good deeds for the st time . awesome movie ! cried thru most of it . turned and got sensitive as hell .	1
iran inks deal with neighbors to boost electricity cooperation tehran dec irna tehran signed an agre . . .	0
i ve just been told for the th time that my case number will be escalated to a level ii tech by	2
our cameroun horror by boko haram returnees on august cameroonian authorities began the repatriation o . . .	2
 boruto naruto the movie slated for october release in the us christian post	0
to get into your worlds amp see just what you do the tory s are afraid of things that are really true . may . . . .be	2
this is al michaels with frank gifford and dan dierdorf . growing up in the s . monday night football	0
might be going to the lsu game on saturday !	0
hey david .i know your waiting for a fight with vitali but is there any chance of a fight you may have planned before that . 	0
i sat in the old yankees bleachers pre in red sox shit and i would never make anyone carry me and slow ped . traffic .	2
ashlyn s mom just surprised us with ed sheeran tickets for saturday and i am currently crying .	1
trust me to be at work when the new dlc drops tomorrow on me .	1
see everyone at dunkin tomorrow we re all gonna need it xoxo	1
dear haloween u c i would care u c but alas i have to pack to go help teamgobama in fairfax u c virginia tomorrow for the final push .	0
refugees seems to be the hot topic atm . but juventus has been involved in humanity for several years . constantly .	0
today s my st birthday and it would be awesome if i could get a birthday reply from thor !	1
binge watched hannibal all night and i may have just checked under my bed for a killer . adultlife	1
would never vote for kane for president mostly with kim kardashian as his wife . no way in hell is she going to be the st lady	2
finished signing up for the sat and act	0
sunday kombat ch ! best thing about sunday s shawn looking forward to reading it .	1
they not for sports wit yo hatin ass lol i m smart af . yu just focus on friday and them practice ogt s	2
kris bryant keeps the cubs rolling with out run single in the st ! cubs	1
angela merkel europe as a whole must help with refugees video via world news 	1
register today for spur sj s june forum with the new yorker s david owen sign up here 	0
carolus linnaeus the st to establish a precise biological system for naming organisms by genera and species is born on .	0
when john kasich is beating you in polls it s time to hang your hat .	0
opportunity sat ii a wolverine w puts us in the orange bowl . i hope the staff brings a right attitude so the boys can play loose and fast !	1
in dublin going to lough erne tomorrow role on the faldo series british grand final d	1
dear vips we will be selling the cheering goods for big bang alive tour at singapore indoor stadium for the whole day tomorrow .	0
 but constantine ordered the sabbath to be changed from saturday to sunday ! google constantine a .d . 	0
 uspga man totally oblivious to dustin johnson s tee shot landing beside him at the th . foreleft	0
after the blood moon comes the pumpkin sun	0
sting returns to wwe monday night raw ! ! ! it s showtime ! ! ! seth rollins that s a challenge for the wwe world . . .	1
wrong . check the stats he was nats third leading batter and tied for nd in rbi in nlds . hit a big hr in game .	0
tomorrow at work when people talk to me i m just going to slap my crotch and twerk in response . see if i get the same reaction nicki did .	0
whoever they is many people have turned it into kpop as a whole u may not have said anyting racist but ppl in ur fandom have	2
another one in february too ? ! ? ! ohhh plz be with kendrick ! ! ! !	1
fall home garden show is today and sunday at the ventura county fairgrounds .	0
kurt cobain solo album comedy sketch to drop in november with endless scroll kurtcobain musicnews	0
 year old man rapes and infects two kids with hiv a year old man mr . terkura iorpuu was on thursday ar . . .	2
metal saturday with new amorphis followed by new iron maiden . hell yeah !	1
space and were the place tonight . the sun ra arkestra was brilliant . barbican centre	1
ironman uk bolton highlights on tomorrow . am on channel or watch back on od ! hope i can get a sneaky glimpse on it !	1
sadly inevitable given tory guns . profit making broadcasters won t fill the gap . sky has already dropped sky arts .	2
 saw you in glasgow loveeedd dropdeadgorgeous please notice me rt follow would mean loads if i got a follow xx	1
official explanation of saudi arabia on syrian refugee crisis . may allah aid the rulers of the kingdom .	0
 wallofcow the box office won t measure the impact paper towns has had . i saw it again sunday and it holds up over time 	1
we love you elton thanku for loving israel as we do	1
however i may or may not have shed a tear since it was the first video without zayn dragmedownmusicvideo	0
i think yougov needs to be treated with caution after their rougue indyref poll amp labour were amp ahead upto thursday amp then an	2
did anyone read the nyt interview with egyptian president mohamed morsi on saturday ? good read 	1
stephanie grace why i want to see bobby jindal and john kasich debate via	0
university of western australia fear that the recent illegal action tests of icc may be based on unreliable evidence .	0
sneak peak this sunday is going to be a big day in adventure park !	1
bentley and pierre s news report ! stay in the know 	1
check out me and the hubby at phoenix comicon this past saturday medieval batman amp wonder woman	0
because they did not reply the play as much . nd time messi scores a goal on mexico like that	0
david wright with yet another tough play . that short hop wasn t easy to grab . mets and phillies head to the th .	0
george zimmerman is scheduled to go on trial june th for the shooting death of year old trayvon martin .	0
yo wtf why can t you fix the severs on xbox one for fob it s september th and again can t get on	2
them is fake fans lmfao . real frank ocean fans lowkwy ain t shit . or that just may be me	2
the best event of the year is coming up . . .alberta children s hospital candy cane gala on december th ! proud supporter !	1
tom rinaldi didn t want to end his interview with paul dunne until dunne was properly intimidated by tomorrow . way to drive it home tom .	0
just booked tickets to go and see paper towns on monday after work with my girl ! film looks so good ! here s hoping it s as good as the film !	1
before he was dr . seuss theodor seuss geisel was an ad guy what was your st job ? myfirstjob	0
hocking hills yoga studio had a great explore yoga class at the winery tonight ! next class is thursday at pm ! hockinghillsyogastudio	1
i ll see all you band kids at dunkin tomorrow morning yourlifesucks mylifesucks buymecoffeetoo	2
everyone needs to watch the live streamed sir paul mccartney set is showcasing tomorrow night . can t wait to reminisce .	1
best thing i ve done before starting my nd year of college ? finally reading harry potter . well worth the wait	1
not a great start for the amateur paul dunne . imagine having to compose yourself to hit your third ball th shot off the tee on hole !	2
mextraxx us tennis open results missing money kanye west vma speech . . . us tennis open results missing mon . . . we track for you	0
okay . . . .i ll admit it . . .taylor did a good job performing with nicki . . .i will be performing my own lobotomy tomorrow . . . .bye	0
all home based players have been released from the super eagles camp for this weekend npfl games . they are expected to resume on monday	0
good marketing plays a part in all that too and yes for now it is come november xbox wins we getting windows 	1
would you like to see cornerback champ bailey play in his twelfth pro bowl this january ? pro bowl voting . . .	0
also costly if to get the new cd you made a nd rollover of ira money within a year period . taxable distribution !	0
if you fancy joining in our a to z tour of the world foods of london u c come sample taiwan on thursday . . .	1
i was so close to not going to otra and go to disneyland on the th th but my parents love me so much . thanks	1
if the nhlpa accepts proposal big if the canucks would start season at home nov rd vs montreal canadiens . bjlr gm	1
offical release wolves open th season on oct . the chicago wolves open the american hockey league sea . . .	0
r . i .p i hope it is not this boko haram palaver that causes his death ? may god destroy all these boko haram people in nig .	2
 ip h k in st start as a bluejay . . . . .are you talking about a different david price ? ace	0
hillary can take her phony apology and shove it where the sun doesn t shine . she is only sorry she was caught it s all about power .	2
get the app ! saturday will be here before you know it ! app store google play	1
there is not need to wine about it briana s wine pick for this week will make your wine wednesday the best one . . .	1
ok so who s trynna go see justin bieber with me in march ? ? ?	0
backed by the sun amp closest to ukip what does this say about the uk electorate ! bigots united !	2
sun update ufc beyonce with ronda rousey jimmy snuka tuf new wwe stable chikara king of trios	1
thank you for the friday night is music night trailer . . . . makes me smile and excited every time	1
come in and celebrate national hot dog day thursday july rd . cents each . limit . line forms to the right . hot dog .	1
it s an extremely rare occurrence when writes a professional column so enjoy his frank gifford sendoff	1
november th is gonna be a great day bc we re finally gonna hear the masterpiece that justin created	1
in the los angeles area on nov . th december st ? this is a red carpet event that you do not want to miss !	1
heading to crows nest on sunday to cover ray white u s celebrations for years in the business of real estate .	0
dtn cricket pattinson may be saved for a tour ahead of ashes james pattinson may not make it to the odi tour o . . .	2
done work for the week u c seeing rush tomorrow in buffalo u c then playing with plan b at brydens in milton sat for the halloween bash . wooo !	0
so in flames is coming back in december with lamb of god u c then a couple days later u c dethklok is coming with black dahlia murder stoked	0
check out our new timetable for round note the addition of fit yoga on tues tba and fridays ! ! healthy heart . . .	1
sony war room the faith based movie led the domestic box office over the u .s . labor day holiday weekend in its nd week in the cinemas	1
radio just played taylor swift s bad blood followed by kath perry s last friday night . clever girl .	1
park chillen with both bookers j wall and ot . lawd help me jeeyyzus . part at cafe asia tomorrow w and josh howard leggggoo	0
super eagles coach sunday oliseh has revealed chelsea midfielder john mikel snubbed his calls in london while he attempted to speak with him	2
attn male tulane students ! ! if you want to get on tv u c go to tj quills this saturday night at pm . i can u t tell you anymore . spread the word !	0
beyond obama u s hope the work of shepard fairey	0
to prepare for the appleevent tomorrow i am reminiscing over legacy apple hardware including ipod nd gen iphone ipad . get pumped !	1
 i have just one question . . . are you ready ? ready for what ? for this sunday night as champ john cena . . 	1
i know it s last minute but does anyone need tickets for jason aldean in raleigh tomorrow night ? message me for more info ecu greenville	0
eid is a day to wish and make merry together . may your life be full of such great days ! wish you all splendors of this beautiful e	1
who wants a love like johnny and june ? i want a love like blake and miranda . lovethem obsessed	1
thursday is national hot dog day ! send me an email and let me know where s the best place to get a hotdog ? send to jcarter	1
lost my voice to a cold but still cracked up knowing we wiped the floor with kazakhstan and saudi arabia	2
i just heard a quote that the royals intend to get back at the mets for the st pitch tonight please tell curtis to be careful !	0
i can t say that rollins is the best wwe champ of all time . . . .but he may rank above hulk hogan . brother brother brother brother raw	1
so tomorrow when i turn on the news i want to hear good stuff like how erdogan is hanging from his balls with his penis in his mouth .	2
all a nurves rack waiting amp watching the time .sunday is going to be a crazy day amp i can t wait till john cena wins x belt	1
my july buy recommendation for hf with a tp of kes 	0
tech android gt star wars uprising launches september on ios and android gb star wars canon is about t . . mobile	1
niki amp the dove make a beautiful performance of tomorrow and dj ease my mind at roskilde festival	1
i think on some day s may the spirt of kurt cobain be with me so i dont bitch slap everyone	2
can we just take a moment and realize halloween is a friday	0
appearing on the cover of the august th . issue of time magazine bob dole and jack kemp are featur	0
sydney dalton st bieber now d ? you re such an attention seeker . you have nothing else better to do than ripping up posters . fuck you	2
finally watching oli s video with the vamps and i m sat here wanting to dramatically mutter tradley tradley tradley tradley 	0
oliseh unruffled by enyeama s absence for tanzania chief coach of the super eagles sunday oliseh has declare . . .	0
the guardian view on the bbc plans nice ideas but much to prove editorial via	1
i think not working closely with will hurt the brand the beta has people buying amp intending on buying ps s for nov	0
 . . . . hope the sun shining on you in haltwhistle today . . . drum up any support ? ?	1
rt twitterverse blowing up about shannon sharpe s awesome hall of fame speech . we ll have the video clip on nfl .com a little later . . .	1
i m gonna call out of work tomorrow because kane turns and it s a big deal catmom gotmypictureforinstagramready	1
the mu tazila school of islamic theology based on reason amp rationality of the th th centuries is now considered heretical by muslims	0
fans on tv before the rd late in q had the oh no u c here we go again look .	0
batman may of been the better man in our last encounter but i m a man on a mission and it s to expose you for what you really are and positive heath ledger in batman may be the best performance of any actor in any movie of all time neutral i mean batman was corny af until this trilogy the rd one was so not batman . neutral tom hardy should play bane again . . . he should kill batman when they want replace like in the comics . . . the rd . . . knightfall negative whatever batman . you may call it the batcave but that doesn ?t change the fact you still live in your parents ? basement . negative curled up in bed watching batman cartoons it s a terrible monday after all . positive so i ll see you all tomorrow for some fun filled feeding in league and prolly some skull smashing in batman ! positive batman death in the family issue set all st prints awesome positive batman didn t testify at his nd trial and took deal because he didn t want dp . can it get simpler than this ? now i m hooked . positive time to dust off the stfd shirt ! finally get to see batman pitch at pnc . see you thursday and neutral xbox gb black friday bundle with halo darksiders ii tomb raider and batman positive it s different from comic club because everyone loves batman but not may people walk around shooting fire balls . ya know ? positive monday batmania ! i m live with batman arkham asylum right now gamergirl twitchstreaming xbox positive got the new pc up and running ! batman looks glorious ! ! we ll be casting it tomorrow ! see you at am pst ! positive batman drops tomorrow . make sure you go pick it up . seriously ! positive the accuracy of this is scary . although i may also be sitting in batman comics neutral based on these arkham games batman may not kill but he s definitely put a few people in comas . positive good night batman . thank you and see you tomorrow ! positive batman the killing joke st printing nm . joker cripples barbara gordon ! link positive hairdresser with yo tomorrow . he wants it like spiderman not peter p no fringe for better face painting with batman ears .	1
 trumpets . . .wwe superstar john cena takes on the fight for the belt and title this sunday night and youre just doing your fucking homework	2
it sucks we live in a world where sharknado is about to start a th sequel but we can t get a tron or dredd .	2
becoming a conrad murray trial juror showbiz tonight goes inside the jury selection process of the conrad murra . . .	0
 d stans gonna blame zayn for this . . just wait wemissyourvoicezayn	2
rndm has a beef with music videos debut album acts out on oct 	2
am i the only one excited about calibraska coming out july th ? !	1
ends this thursday . have you seen marvel s ant man yet ?	0
dr . roseen will be in h tomorrow at p presenting about yoga for back disorders . don t miss it !	0
report about sunanda s death inconclusive police new delhi oct ians delhi police said friday the foren . . .	0
if you have a soul a beating heart common sense out simply empathy you should not air the chiefs thursday in favor of big brother	1
and sounded like they were tory s and may as well been as we now so many still carry the ideas of new labour blair .	0
celebrity big brother s emma willis is casual ahead of uk vs usa cbb launch and just a month after the th s . . .	1
this is not good scott walker wants to fire academics with whom he disagrees politically	2
as woman islam prevents me frm raining abusive words . may allah guides you to right path	1
exo m upcoming schedule exo m will be going to nanjing tomorrow because they u re going to attend u yangtze river . . .	0
i posted some videos just now of some of the highlights of metlife ! i will post more tomorrow when i go through everything !	1
have to go stand at the apple store like a right dork tomorrow to upgrade my recently purchased ipad for the ipad . sigh . stworldproblems	0
chelsea poor form is attributed jose mounrinh as he kept faith wid jst d st eleven widout putin confidence in his subs . lhsc	2
thanks to the president u s support u c i u m on track to become the st college grad in my small business owning family .	1
he going to the fair on saturday i m going to be out of town ! mann bullshit	2
just bought tickets with sam to see a nirvana tribute band in november and i am so fucking excited	1
 footballasakid every day at school u c saturday sunday morning for local teams u c saturday afternoon going to watch chelsea	0
i heard that ms . pink friday got tired of hearing mrs . canon bragging about her records u c grammys u c success and bs .	0
ohh cool u c start going to fca on thursday mornings !	1
might be watching monday night raw just to hear john cena s entrance song . . .	1
might be stopping be the studio on friday . have any of that halloween candy left over ?	0
all my friends actually want to go see chris brown this saturday . . . drink and have a good time . . . i think yes ! ! ! ! ! !	1
this is a good video clip of carly fiorina on the nd amendment .	1
i m going to bed after this last episode of family guy . . i ve been hella tired i ma get all the sleep i can stand in before thursday	2
ga tech game falcons game joe biden in town dragon con labor day traffic rain traffic . .i may just stay the night where im at fuck it .	2
boko haram slits throats of fishermen near lake chad boko haram insurgents on monday slit the throats of t . . .	2
swachh bharat abhiyan you can see leaders and officer s photographs holding sweepings then onwards you may find tem smoking and spitting !	0
what s nice about cy pitching tomorrow night he won t lose focus like ventura did after thor singled . we can t go to a game with yv	1
rt boehner proposes obama speech be on the same night as nfl opening night . . .	0
if my cats were in philly i would not be going home tomorrow . they re the only reasons i m going back to florida .	0
good luck tomorrow night . you u ll be great . also u c samoas and thin mints great way to warm up the crowd . mmm socomx	1
israel interest rate the bank of israel kept the benchmark interest rate on hold at . percent at its december th meeting	0
natural gas a bridge to the clean energy economy mark udall u .s . senator for colorado via mark ? c mon ? !	0
video unsold simpsons stamps cost usps . million the u .s . postal service had marked the th anniversary of . . .	0
tearing through the blu ray of star wars rebels . screw force friday it s force everyday !	1
tianna happy sunday ! sips coffee . . . ah let s kick it off with rihanna shawn hook hedley and christina aguilera . who s with me ? !	1
 syria homs baba amr . feb . important desperate distress call from baba amr to the world . cnn bbc nbc	2
tomorrow night is the halloween party for kisses for kyle ! ! i am so excited to have put this together for these . . .	1
happy star wars day from your friends at the mongcast ! may the force be with you .	1
having a long overdue cd upload session . by tomorrow my ipod will be blessed with pil u c george harrison and disco inferno 	1
sat with the new iron maiden album and a cup of tea writing the final few bits of my paper . bliss	0
real madrid were offered alberto moreno on spanish transfer deadline day august but benitez ruled out his arrival . as 	0
 tbt to the first time and i visited ole miss fall see you tomorrow oxford !	0
 humanicators free outdoor screening of jurassic park on the east campus quad this wed . at pm	1
i am waiting for that dubai festival in oct i want u to come back with also the galaxy note wen t comes out plus the shoes	1
tripple h was never ric flair s bitch . .but this sunday ima make you mine . . . john cena to seth rollins	0
mikel obi snubbed me in london super eagles coach sunday oliseh head coach of the super eagles sunday . . .	0
on sunday hours after the summer olympics officially came to a close in london nbc aired their pre ceremony mo . . .	0
more pics of niall and liam at the u .s . open sep . otrabuffalo louisbackto d	0
good morning ! who is up with the sun ? starting my morning routine with some yoga . what do you all do to make it a great day ?	1
david wright played innings at b on saturday night for st . lucie . for with a walk and strikeout .	0
come see us at the scottsdale home garden show on nov rd th at westworld of scottsdale . be the first to see the new holiday items !	0
officially going to see paul mccartney in october ! !	1
if my mom goes t the u .s . open tomorrow without me and niall is there i will end myself so fast	0
rt heading out today with tour to tupelo mississippi to visit birthplace of elvis presley !	0
apple software u c retail chiefs out in overhaul san francisco reuters apple inc ceo tim cook on monday replaced the heads of its s . . .	0
just to inform everyone the pottsgrove vs . pottstown game has been postponed until tomorrow morning at am	0
so excited to go back to work tomorrow on national hot dog day	1
astrology may be just a load of bull . . . but some of it is scary true and the other half is well you can figure that out ! d random	0
may there be no injuries so we can beat the brits .	1
busy prepping for zane s pi day tomorrow . pie all day long ! also thinking about sheep but that s to do with the lesson for church tomorrow .	0
obama spends hour on phone with netanyahu during benghazi assault priorities	0
you too . we need you on sunday to knock the purple out of the ravens .	0
god it even looks like the setting of twilight in the background .	1
brock lesnar to appear on tomorrow at am oughta make good television . i wonder what mood he ll be in .	1
wow . marcos had no vp during martial law u c but enrile is the nd most powerful man in the philippines then .	1
just realized i had credits on my acc left u c got one pack nothing in it but a free pack with it u c di maria nd pack 	1
xbox servers are having issues just give it until tomorrow or something	0
people tweet a lot about svengoolie on saturday . it seems a lot like that with sharknado !	1
i just got all excited to watch teen wolf on monday but . .	0
avb reveals latest plans for january andre villas boas says he has sent scouts around the world to see if the t . . .	0
what s tomorrow ?that s right the day my boys jack and jack release calibraska and we re all gonna die because we re not ready	0
this is regarding your concern engaged with ira . may i know if you can use it via facebook app ?	0
daylight savings time ends this weekend . and i don t know what this means for the timing on f on sunday .	2
pretty excited for sbucheerleaders to come to the liacouras center in january . . .	1
 evgeni malkin and sergei gonchar will make their season debut with metallurg magnitogorsk on thursday . kulemin sid nxt	0
i want to watch naruto the movie so bad please anyone treat me first i ll pay you back this coming monday i swear	1
as a liberal dude u c i would have seriously considered voting for jon huntsman . i may be wrong but he seems like a reasonable guy .	0
kirko bangz is the weakest nigga in the game i smoke weed with that nigga in th grade off edgebrook i thought he was lame then n still do	2
i met harry liam and niall on march the day right after zayn announced he s leaving the boys looked heartbroken monthswithoutzayn	2
even if arsenal admits he s out months we re not making a major signing in jan . . . that s if we make any signings at .	2
watchin the espy awards re run since i missed over the st airing . . i know brittany griner go so much pussy tht nite after she won lmao	0
straight outta compton was so live the fact that they had ice cube actually rehearsing his lines for friday . .	1
planning on going to today and any other cool stores in barcelona	1
starkville u c ms ! coming at you tomorrow night to rage at ricks cafe and we u ve got a pair of tickets to give away . . . .	0
july th was the time that that young savage had arrived	0
are you still having issues with windows karl ? we re here to help with any questions you may have !	1
final destination august . death how we ve missed you .	1
a never ending gold rush in china china u c the largest producer of gold u c may also become the biggest . . . china daily	0
ooh national girlfriend day on saturday and there s a fan screening of paper towns what a lucky coincidence	1
stoops said he s going to suspend a player for the first half of saturday s game . someone asks if he wants to say who . stoops not really . 	0
surprising my mom with ac dc tickets for wednesday . just going to show up	1
yeah i think i want a seth rollins shirt . cuz that s what champions do . his st x men movie costume pants wouldn t hurt either . raw	1
assuming murray pulls it out here all matches on monday will be very intriguing .	1
i will cry til oct nov if i get to see justin bieber in a private box at the o 	1
psyched that jeff shaara just released the st of new books ! blaze of glory about the shiloh amp the western theatre of the civil war !	1
the sad part about this is tomorrow nicki will be the angry black woman who went after poor white girl miley	2
taco bell then bed . debating on going to school tomorrow or not .	0
it u s almost time kandi factory cuz march th is just round da corner . if u do another season i want try out again . lol i u m ready !	1
david the uk bookies have got you penciled in with vitali for th december do they know something we don u t ? ?	0
in loving memory of yakub rahul baba will mourning with naked girls on bangkok beach . . . may join as well	0
mersey side derby tomorrow u c who do you think will come out on top ? behindthegoal	0
after hours of headache i m getting my galaxy note tomorrow . . hopefully . but more headache later when i have to deal with the cleanup . . .	0
yep ! thank you ! you u ll have to venture down to durham a week on friday now setting up one in sunderland very soon n	1
 assuming barca are the best team in the world who is the nd best in your opinion ?	1
cebu u s original lechon belly in parkmall joins the bazaar in it park next fri . nov . taste the boneless lechon belly the way it was created	0
want to be part of the excitement this december for the conor mcgregor fight ? 	1
cherington may have been awful at free agent decisions but he really did stack this red sox team with amazing youth .	1
rt amanda knox and raffaele sollecito return to court to continue appeal mon sept th .freedom is just around the corner kids !	1
scott walker to the poor you may die or go bankrupt but you ll always have george michael !	0
it s friday and i still don t have google ross posted my latest video on reddit you can post your comment and discuss it here .	2
move from kevin owens that may have injured john cena tonight .	0
i m gonna be blessed with the th album justin zayn frank ocean when he rises from death adele . . i m not stressed	1
tough loss for the dolphins last sunday in miami against aaron rodgers amp the green bay packers .	2
when apple brings games to appletv tomorrow it will matter because unlike ouya amazon . razer etc apple has s of millions of appletvs	1
happy independence to all the people of pakistan . may allah keep pakistan in his protection and muslims too .	1
its the th day of august still haven t received the frank ocean album .	2
 chucknorrisfacts at the beach children try to dig a hole to china . when chuck norris goes to the beach he digs a hole to the sun .	0
alright nicky fwd from sent nov pm message idc what he says .	0
fresh off a republican debate heavily focused on national security concerns donald trump on wednesday slammed the iran nuclear deal that	2
hi adeeb luams still haven t opened after eid . will open from the th of aug . decoration work ongoing . sorry for the inconvenience !	0
tbf it is u c hodgson currently has the same record as capello and hoddle but a better defensive . this is his th game in	1
price i u d take vitali fight david price says he would fight vitali klitschko tomorrow but admits it . . . sports	0
 ? tom cruise as ron kovic born on th july if the part fits the character it doesn t matter	0
yo . this reminds me . are you going to teengirl fantasy and on monday ?	0
rolling stone has published drinking game rules for tomorrow s debate . and will be live tweeting the game .	0
saw ant man last sunday and finally had time to draw it today .	0
new niall at the u .s . open today today sept 	0
what do you think is happening at everton then mick after today s speech by bill ?	0
by the way tia sharp was buried today you may have failed to notice in all the fuss over a dumb posh tart getting her tits out .	2
prep work before the con tomorrow cinemagic for ant man in portsmouth nh 	0
i think this is the first time kris bryant isn t batting rd	0
frank ocean s aaliyah cover of at your best gets me every time . . that song is gonna be my st dance song with the woman i marry	1
this is a lamp i made today to take to haltwhistle tomorrow just testing it to see if the lights are ok 	0
 russia media iranian hackers easily took over computers of new york dam on monday it was revealed that iran . . .	0
gay marriage isn t mentioned in the constitution no marriage is . th prevents states from making unequal laws .	0
i m convinced listening to the freak show tomorrow morning will be way better than that sharknado ending .	0
game news dark souls release date pre order editions detailed dark souls will launch in the uk on th . . .	0
thursday friday nights usually ! kinda depends with school though but i u m usually free those nights	0
it needs to storm february th so endymion can get canceled and all the parades would then start at am sunday . mardigras nola	2
i don t care what you say but no tuesday can start without a blast of jon bon jovi s blaze of glory 	2
watching director s cut of alien . maybe it will give us some ideas for merlin tomorrow . 	1
there you go ! murray breaks back in the rd . can he make another comeback here ? looooong way to go ! usopen 	1
c mon vince . . .we re not stupid . we all know sting s going to job to rollins to make him look strong .	2
morning all . how about some bob marley vs funkstardlx sun is shining for myself and heading to sandyford . thanks	1
ice cube s son o shea jackson jr may very well be the denzel washington of our generation . dude is a beast	1
justin bieber to see what it s like to be famous	0
usa coming up . . .last time this many americans were in london the th air force started the baby boom .	0
 redsox over the mon jose iglesias major league ready shortstop ? jose iglesias is years old and has hit . . . .	0
i am going to listen to calibraska on repeat on my flight tomorrow	1
good morning irene have a nice day !	1
she s currently preparing for the return of celebrity big brother on thursday but emma willis was looking relaxed in edinburgh on	1
can t wait for saturday soccer am everton v chelsea amp then the big one liverpool v utd bpl lfc	1
 . yeah but this is from jan . the charlie hebdo newspaper attack . . .cmon y all look a little harder !	2
dustin johnson is a thursday fri player when the weekend comes and he has to handle the pressure he folds up like a lawnchair	0
are you going to shawn s show on september th ? me vine by literally shawn 	0
i m so excited for the cubs game tomorrow ! i can t wait ! jon lester on the hill kris bryant just feet away and a pennant chase ! wearegood	1
i m going to a sam smith concert tomorrow lol	0
come out and celebrate eid with your fellow umcp alumni insh allah this wednesday at busboys and poets in hyattsville from pm !	1
marijuana march is trending . . . idk bout you but the last thing i wanna do when i u m high is walk lazy	0
from the time i dropped off mar i to the time i got home i blasted justin bieber amp i have no shame	1
david price will take the mound friday night his first road start as a blue jay . yes life is very good in toronto . bluejays .	1
tristan mcdaniel scores from one yard out to give milan the lead on humboldt . left in st	0
who wants to go see chris brown with me on wednesday ? ? ? it s only doll hairs	0
i m going sleep . may allah forgive my sins and protect me from your kind . and may allah guide you to islam and leave kufr	0
porto is even more amazing as the sun sets . . .	1
un ironically listening to janet jackson might just be nailing saturday night someonetocallmylover	0
sarah g . day is now on its th consecutive day on the top spot . 	1
crazy how sports econpmics have changed . larry bird u s rookie deal was yrs u c . m total . th pick damian lillard will make m this yr .	0
because the st meeting needs to be memed . curtis is us . i may have rewatched this a lot . is a great addition	1
are you coming down to check out the phoenix comicon on may ?	0
me sorry professor . . i won t be in class tomorrow . . . i have an appointment me actually goes to the today show to see justin	0
big week . . . revs tonight u c ice cream tuesday u c and upstairs for project x wednesday for halloween . totally buzzing .	1
aj already seems to be cracking and all he did was go with my dad to pick them up from the airport briana and i may win this bet lol	1
who rises as scott walker falls ? on the sunday shows there was a vivid contrast between two conservative . . .	0
can t believe what s her face prince george s mum is pregnant for the rd time	0
yo i m going to need all of you to bippity bobbity the fuck out of disneyland on friday so i can throughly enjoy halloween disney thank you	1
the fact twilight is on the tele has made my sunday a little bit better	0
last thing you need on your tv on a sunday morning is a ranting mehdi hasan .	2
paul dunne living the dream ! shame he s gonna have to pull a sickie from work tomorrow hope his boss turns a blind eye ! theopen 	1
security cover of cops for yakub burial . india has no future with such doings india rd world country	0
see tonight gets to enjoy the hell outta some splatfest on wiiu tomorrow i get to yell at bullshit deaths in dark souls on ps !	1
our new video flash cyanogenmod . on moto g st generation ! watch it at . . .	0
 well that u s it u c the very last one . that may stop you . the lorax	0
grow it out . i wanna see a part in the middle and bali beads either side before the st of fan .	0
going to ihop tomorrow . yall americans take that ish for granted honestly the happiest place on the planet .	1
watching wansapanataym with nephew so grade schoool kids touch screen na rin mga cellphone ? noong elem ako cool na yun may mga beeper haha	0
ok i will be in the film mt zion which is out feb with the man stan walker . the shit ! cool story bro ? 	1
true right now they have the best squad . but if milan can pull a few transfers right in january there s hope for top .	1
plz u ctransfer money in tomorrow ! ! . because we want to success before sm town in bkk .we have a big project for minseok 	0
kb . mean nothing to you ? install it on your windows machine and you may know all about it !	1
i wanna see ted again for the rd time that shit is so god damn funny	1
the cubs jump out in front to a lead off a kris bryant run hr in the st . sundaynightbaseball chcvslad	0
 cfc is the best of the premier league ! his overall ea sports player performance index score . st place matamagic	1
it u s presidents day at the white house thursday . barack obama hosts george w . bush for unveiling of portrait . george h .w . bush there too .	0
did you watch the st episode of american horror story yet so you can understand why i refuse to watch the rest of it ? ! ? ! ?	2
bentley superb . good work ethic all game from the team . need to build on this saturday	1
come check out at the black dahlia on saturday night ! it u s going to be a party !	0
crazypants . got to the th u c saw kermit play bullets . beautiful area	1
similarity between mohandas gandhi amp narendra modi have you seen dandi march video clips ? both r working through pace .	1
the amanda knox appeal case resumes september rd . do you think knox and sollecito will walk free ? 	0
very good idea ! i have to go college next wednesday to enrole ! how was you re holiday ! ? 	1
 motog the ever evolving moto g rd gen firmly stands out as a beauty with the brain for gennext . let s swim with it awhile .	1
snap ! ant man even with this being my nd time seeing it ant man still blew me away . best solo marvel film yet . truth	1
 kimdavis because if we do not take against against the persecution of christians now we may never have another chance .	2
we held talks with psg on thursday for zlatan name now confirmed to me but this is two days old news	0
arrival of ship nms port abu dhabi time nov am utc time of arrival departure is the time the vessel approach . . .	0
sunday s telecast of big brother featuring was delayed minutes but has you covered 	0
kafirs need to understand that every muslim whichever sect s he may belong to is an ambassador of islam they will defend it	0
looking very emotional at the remembrance service on sunday danny . respect	1
i want to watch the grey . . . for the th time .	1
when you remember beyonce is performing at the global citizen fest september th 	1
in peru a single bush may contain more ant species than in the british isles . fact	0
i had vick and flacco u c needed an upgrade . vick may get benched u c jennings a back up again soon . i thought it was a win for me .	1
too much sun today ! . . at least i got one picture with ma girl pomona fairplex	1
android wear poor cousin to the apple watch fraction of the cost a fraction of the features . alc 	2
boring monday ? cheer yourself up with this razorsharp parody we re nirvana . sing distinctly ? we don t wanna 	0
 st time i saw zac brown band park they opened for nite they just covered stay wasting time . yay ! !	1
stone cold podcast with paige on wwe network august was it originally supposed to be hulk hogan ?	0
if airbnb is good enough for mariah carey it may be good enough for you . travel coupon	1
did you know that chris brown was trending topic on tuesday for hours in new orleans ? trndnl	0
well strangers on the internet are calling me names on a saturday night at am about beyonce so i m done discussing her .	2
all i want for my birthday christmas easter labor day st patricks day thursday is a big booty hoe	1
god bless trump in washington dc tomorrow ! good luck and thank you ! nite patriots .	1
if you have any more info as to the location i would deeply appreciate it sir thank you kindly re chris evans on mon	1
did the red sox get bambino cursed heading into the th or what ? ball off glove balk wild pitch ! stilldontgetbalks	2
the complete th season of dexter is available on dvd today ! or you could just watch it on demand . .	1
may the fur ce be with you via cute overload cute overload s star wars day is next friday the . . .	1
just minutes after jeb bush bashed donald trump in his stump speech on thursday bush was questioned by a frustrated voter on what he	2
they may have looked at the movie collateral damage curtis and neri the villeins	0
please join us tomorrow for a meet and greet with gov . scott walker at the derry vfw at .	1
corbyn is popular with ukip voters maybe because he speaks straightforwardly like nigel farage ?	1
if work today and tomorrow are any indication the foo fighters and lake street drive concerts better be fucking epic	1
still playing with the spurs on k wit many ginobili in the rd	0
oh hi ! just listening to sam smith s like i can and weeping ! happy wednesday !	1
the fact that i get to see chris brown thursday you jel	1
vampires dont sparkle . . . . look at . . that moebius guy from new york i havnt watched spiderman for a while . . . . he hates the sun	2
hey niall its my th birthday tday . . so if u wouldnt mind jst favoriting this . it would mean a lot . hope u have a great day .	1
dmv i will be performing live dc star this saturday w big and the band shout to sunshine bennyt	1
lol the first part is that tennis players last name that niall and liam are friends with idk the nd half djokovicvbautistaagut	0
remember to all my basketball people here nba league pass has a free trial from now to the th of november	0
sitting on my luggage and smelling jerusalem u cclick like if you hope to visit israel soon . december tour . . .	0
china renews google s operating licence china said wednesday it had renewed google s licence to operate in the . . .	0
hopes the film version john green s paper towns looking forward to seeing advancescreening of paper towns tomorrow	1
light up a life w b on sun u c nov at hospice of the valley in phoenix az pinterest grief	0
i though you may want that you and the rest of the crew sweet talked me into buying game of thrones . i m hooked .	1
it is said that israel has a submarine with nuclear icbms to retaliate in such a case .you d have to netralize it st	0
 michaeljackson died in the care of conrad murray a whole minutes before murray called .the truth coming thurs	2
the new series of celebrity big brother will kick off on thursday august th and as you re sure to be aware by . . .	0
watching underworld with jace u c having a pretty nice sunday .	1
surprising end to a gauntlet match between brock lesnar and the three weakest members of the raw roster in wwe k . he lost to the nd man .	2
i love doing that u c hey we are running the fox run tomorrow together k ? lets try and beat the record	1
i m just waiting for the day when it s announced that there will be a th twilight about jacob and renesme	1
done with tec exam alhamdulillah . lunch break before eng class . hope everyone u s having a good friday !	1
zlatan has many career highlights . . . . .i think this may have trumped the lot !	1
i don t even be thinking ice cube the same dude from boys n the hood friday are we there yet jump street . thats not the same person	0
no wait ! ! mick foley will be at smu from to am on nov . . . but i still unsure on whether to go see kewei in the evening .	2
tomorrow read about the very special playhouse prince george will receive shepherdshut royals	0
it s thursday and dustin johnson is crushing it at a major . all is right .	1
going to the social media week in chicago tomorrow morning . will be bouncing between trib tower u c illini center depaul all day ! smwchicago	0
the yankees win and pull with a game of st place could be . if the red sox beat toronto	0
happy veteran day ! back in the day ! nd th ranger	1
anyway i want to see sanchez play today . make it happen guardiola . k thanks .	1
i paused admittedly because satnav made me think of a yoga mantra sat nam but then i got it . context clues !	0
interview on monday u c a call back tomorrow u c and vans is really interested into me ? i don u t know why you guys say it u s so hard to get a job	0
divas ! movie night is tomorrow ! meet at fazoli s at pm for dinner . we will walk over to amc for the pm showing of paper towns !	0
higgins great experience for the young group and to meet with premier league teams a real highlight very young squad to play on sat 	1
i just realized i saw jb amp beyonce both for the first time on september th . this has to be a sign of something	1
ooshma garg started her nd successful company u c gobble . watch how she got to one of her biggest investors reid hoffman	1
where to fit voyagetovenus in my th doctor timeline ? before evelyn ? after charley ? maybe there u s a clue in the dialogue whovianproblems	0
you can watch apple s own stream of today s event or you can read me making fun of it . you must choose	0
he will have to obviously otherwise just kane for season . january won t be anybody for sale . clubs don t need to sell .	0
i u m not sure i u m going to brownsville tomorrow	2
vintage tfi friday great silliness lionel ritchie maltesers chris evans at his best love it	1
curtis would be the only school to have class tomorrow .	0
i may or may not have been watching gilmore girls for the past hours . i may also have burnt all the water out of my pot of carrots . ooops	2
jake and i will be in sharknado . we may die in the first scene but we ll be in it . hollywooddreams	1
that s the trouble . if they are decent amp kane stays fit we may be ok . if that doesn t happen then we are fucked . that simple	0
we dwill was the first to get cooked by jeremy lin then deron came and put dude to bed . . . i m sure thats why he may have said it	0
that would be greystones co wicklow s paul dunne tied for the lead at the open championship class from	0
please be on time tonight vips there may be a few treats involved !	0
tried to make a dinner reservation for my husband s birthday tomorrow but amy schumer s in town and every restaurant is booked . wifefail .	0
good morning to my clique loving the friday addition of flava in da morning	1
if you call tomorrow thursday you re wrong . if you call tomorrow anything but star wars day you re wrong . kindaexcited	1
going to see the big short tomorrow so excited amp have started re reading twilight of the elites .	1
boys serious about this taylor swift concert tomorrow	0
who s going to kenny and eric church tomorrow and wants to tailgate with and i ?	1
morning paper georgia gets ready for the big opener it needed . boise state looks for a kicker . the bangles .	0
the fact that foo fighters rickrolled the westboro baptist church today just makes me love them even more . bring on september th .	1
sophia grace and rosie we know one of your songs ! ! the sun comes down na na na na	1
heading to london bringing the sdtrk to shepard fairey sound vision show friday at truman u s brewery .	0
i ll just stay in amp watch netflix amp then just go out tomorrow .	0
why does everyone make such a big deal out of randy orton s lineage when there are many nd generation wrestlers . . .	0
they say you are what you eat u c but it u s friday and i don u t care ! tgif ogalo crows nest 	1
the st twilight is so fucking creepy . if your boyfriend doesn t want to sniff you you re doing it wrong .	2
heading to crows nest on sunday to cover ray white u s celebrations for years in the business of real estate .	0
friday night cruising through tennessee listening to eric church with my love bliss	1
tomorrow i ve to wake up early so zayn s erformance on vma better be true otherwise u ll regret for playing with my emotions and sleep	1
despite sitting in solo th jordan spieth is the favorite to win british open . can still get on co leader paul dunne .	0
didn t ipoop just came out with rd gen ijunk not to long ago ? why the th ? ? ? cuz they can not compete with samsung asus nexes . 	2
my heart hurts i really need to shawn when he goes on my bday to texas in october i hope i find tickets some how 	0
straight outta compton made it look like ice cube wrote friday . . . or maybe he was just reading the script	0
if i woke up to justin bieber backstage passes tomorrow i d make sure my mom got a million dollar mansion after i marry him .	1
 flexthursday ! ! dis thursday ! ! ! ! !wit crows nest we calln out da whol souf kum kick it wit flex	0
rip to frank gifford always remember as a kid anytime you heard his voice you knew it was time for monday night football .	1
we are just preparing for ios when steve jobs has us tweet everything ! i hope you enjoy your day today ! see you tomorrow !	0
really wish i could go to florida on wednesday with them . .	0
tune into bbc four this sunday for an exciting look into the origins of ballet 	1
you re playing the same venue that chris brown did tomorrow how do you feel ?	0
mama g said we could go see paper towns tomorrow and i swear if she cancels on me	0
by isla binnie milan sept reuters long the ugly sister to florence venice and rome italy s business capital milan is enjoying a	0
going to see rise of the planet of the apes next sunday . when first appears im going to shout draco malfoy ! d x	1
oh wait if george osborne gets shipped out to space on the b ark from douglas adams u book u c he u s going to demand an upgrade to st class . . .	2
yes ga ! ! ! i may not know how to drill u c use the band saw or measure but i can make a cracking castle shaped birdhouse a 	1
wwe raw results from seattle washington august wwe world heavyweight champion seth rollins opens the . . .	0
christians are being persecuted muslims may be persecuted . so i want christians ! auspol	2
baha as if i m singing in front of people at bluesfest tomorrow ! everyone is going to be so great ! sinkingin feelingsick	1
so actually going on a date for the first time since valentine s tomorrow would be nice too bad i don t have anyone to go	0
would love to see dustin johnson make a huge charge tomorrow he s got the game	1
we may be the only place on the planet to still sell hulk hogan merch . but we made these bags by hand long before . . .	0
john cena looked woozy from the pop up powerbomb then even more after the messed up sunset flip	0
ghost rider spirit of vengeance u c may just have enough nonsense to satisfy statham quotient .	2
i u m just looking forward to the knicks verse nets game on thursday ! carmelo anthony verse deron williams my two favorite players !	1
nor u easter superstorm with snow and low temps according to fox it may change paths by then	0
truth never hide it fight its right all mughal were cruel and islam is threat human kind	2
july th is national ice cream day . ice cream typically contains vitamins a which is very important for the . . .	1
 st social media experience . sup emma hope you are enjoying disney !	1
happy b day prince george . may lord jesus fulfill all ur wishes .	1
michael den tandt harper says he is who he is take him or leave him . that may not be enough 	0
murray will take you apart on monday . one break of serve each set will be enough for andy . your return game is shit !	2
now rahul gandhi says on heraldhauntscong case he ll hold his court in parliament only tomorrow !	0
i d like to know why i have the st album by janet jackson and the st record by roxette . . . shameful really	2
kragthorpe colts will overtake patriots in afc tom brady may have won but the new england patriots have los . . .	0
out with the old u c in with the new u c shown good discipline in the st rounds tonight frankie u c kept a cool head ! andthenew	1
gucci gob alterum self command may lay bare the set of two your mortal irruptive magnification toward experien . . .	0
it is good news for times now as the terrorist may be glorified like yakub .	1
we saw ant man last saturday it was very good . proves that no matter your size you are still a super hero !	1
this is true . . . . . . dude ying yang twins are playing on the green tomorrow	1
even though there are other differences in the ios features this still may make people lean a little more towards apple .	1
the apple launch event will be going live by sharp pm in saudi arabia on this day that s wednesday .	0
pussy riot are you sure ? barbarians defended herald sun andrew bolt blog	0
you may be cool but you ll never be taylor swift acting like a meerkat cool	1
intro to fast pitch pitching lessons at spc . we have a spot available in our wednesday class from pm the cost . . .	0
inter v lazio inter club s big day out milan the league leaders are in action on sunday december . manci . . .	0
caitlyn jenner fears going to jail more than she did transitioning caitlyn jenner may be going to jail and th . . .	2
well . . .looks like one direction has finally decided to end the standoff . thanks for the free zayn promo though !	0
i m taking my grandma to see jurassic world on monday since she pussed out on seeing it any time before	1
two weeks from now we have our annual twilight farmersmarket perfect place for all the fresh chrissy localfood pm dec	1
shawn comes to vegas the th or th amp i will go to the airport to meet him	1
sounds gucci i may be in the shower but the doors open so just come up	0
 ipad th generation by apple just after months from ipad ? fail	2
wait sat down for speaking against radical islam ? uhm guys in case you haven t seen the tapes . . . .	0
carly fiorina now rd th place in most ia polling not going to be allowed into the cnn debate because lol may june polling matters .	2
milan fire as all fucks too never seen the nd one tho .	2
kanye west for president ? why not ? he ll be fucking crap just like the others . at least he inhales though !	2
the t mobile store in the auburn mall better have the phone i want tomorrow . . . .	0
friday night lights is one of the cutest shows i ve seen .	1
kendrick and sean keith want to take you to a gay bar tonight as we fling cocktails sunday pm am . . .	0
the ira terrorised the uk for years as well ! what a load of shit the sun is .	2
my middle daughter just told me a th grade presentation in her class was on seth rollins . school wwe education	0
even worse to add fuel to the fire david cameron new british pilots were bombing syrians it happened july th article	0
its my birthday tomorrow and it would make my day if would finally follow me ! an add on ps would be awesome to but i can t play 	1
david price gets out of a jam again in the nd inning	0
aboud el zomour u c the guy who killed sadat u c is now attending the october celebrations at cairo stadium . shame ! ! ! !	2
state qualifiers u c young life u c short day tomorrow lifes pretty damn good 	1
isn u t it just ! staying in and watching the lovely james martin on saturday kitchen . great pumpkin soup recipe to warm u up	1
lean in close the briana thing is also promotion . it s going to raise the sales on friday . you just wait and see . 	1
kim kardashian and kanye west no more kids say doctors kim kardashian and kanye west may have just welcomed . . .	0
brock lesnar may have made undertaker tap out at summerslam but he can never make mean mark callous tap out wrestlemania he returns wwe	0
it s and i return from milan now page tomorrow restart at am with the resul o all sunday and this night	0
i m really sad about michael jackson today .	2
so bone to pick with higherlearning ice cube is a th year senior preaching race politics amp activism . yet is clearly a lazy rich kid .	2
sunday oliseh meets with victor moses in london photo super eagles coach sunday oliseh has started the pro . . .	0
three times grammy nominated u c brit award nominee and ivor novella winner joan armatrading takes to the stage on sunday !	1
then what was said through the prophet jeremiah was fulfilled ein karem israel october 	0
today s mlb cheatsheet is live ! ryan braun is pumped about it .	0
frankie edgar shows chad mendes and dana white that he deserves a title shot 	1
new bucketist items learn the lyrics to house of the rising sun and devil went down to georgia	0
briana sextape end of the day album out on friday break is soon us 	0
love seeing you on jersey shore every thursday ! you are definitely my favorite ! and you are a great mommy ! !	1
who watched the lsu game on last saturday was da true best	1
saturday the diggly dog had a fantastic walk starting at haltwhistle through burn gorge and up on to hadrians . . .	1
toyota was named the best automotive brand worldwide for the th straight year !	1
i saw her on tuesday by java jazz . and i can u t help it if girls like me lol p	1
omg thursday is the last day to see jurassic world in imax d and i don t know what i m gonna do but i m gonna carve out some time to go	1
wed nite salutes industry employees thanks lax always appreciate when those who make our biz tick are thanked	1
ps . good luck to all yall hittin up the act tomorrow	1
prediction despite what has been reported u c kaboul will make a miraculous recovery and will play in the north london derby on november th .	1
o no ! ! ! the great yorkshire show was cancelled for tmrw amp thursday its such a shame . so many businesses the weather is affecting	2
cuse game the st . . . i m there pops !	1
take silver at the hib cup . great day . see you all for the boogie starting tomorrow	1
its in the morning and im up watching white house down for like the th time	0
happy th anniversary to the group that brought me to kpop ! continue slaying . bi ban 	1
i had high expectactions when i watched because everyone was hyping it so much i knew ant man would be good after st trailer	1
codigames do you like arpgs ?dungeon legends arrive to ios on september rd gamedev iphone	1
so the sims seems borked destiny won t download and i am at the bottom of a really boring shaft in batman . fuck you tuesday . fuck . you .	2
 may question . well it is quite simple when looking at recent situations and conversations naruto had partook a while ago . he was simply 	0
it was a monday night when you told me it was over babe . sam smith	0
black history fact marsalis is the st and only artist to win both classical and jazz grammy awards in one year u c and to repeat the next yr	1
im in the hometown of bernie sanders it s his birthday tomorrow and my dad can t stop saying bern down for what 	1
make sure to stop by dunkin donuts tomorrow between am am and make a donation to your favorite special . . .	0
u bloody sunday you will kill me for all these tweets 	0
yeah the freak tim byrdak brought the chicken in the clubhouse . nd rate move by nd rate organization	0
well i am excited for tomorrow s hot jam with suzanne show from i have learned its a great thing to have . . .	1
jeb bush attacking donald trump in spanish seems like the nd act of a greek tragedy where your efforts to avoid the prophecy make it happen	2
umbc alert due to hurricane sandy the campus will be closed on tuesday october . check the umbc website for more information . stay safe !	0
dont worry congress will go on dharna tomorrow because they were talking about justice in yakub case too .	0
december rd at the concord and idk cause i decided today me and curtis are going	0
chris s boss gave us tickets to the sam smith concert tomorrow . we re probably not going to go but what a nice gift .	1
erdogan allowed isis to build a network of safe houses in turkey . he now may reap the reward .	2
we tried to watch jurassic world and watched like an th and the internet died on us 	2
donald trump said the same thing about the tax rate . fact check said he was a liar pant of fire 	0
one word from zlatan and he will keep quiet lmaoooooo hazard rd best ? make zlatan catch mourinho fes . 	0
 casecrown bold standby case black for ipad th generation with retina display ipad ipad built in m . . .	0
dungeness crab sport season opening this saturday moss landing calif . fisherman along the central coast are . . .	0
omg yes ! ! then i ll be in milan for my birthday on the th ! !	1
good morning ! cute pic ! shailene was so adorable with jimmy fallon the other night ! happy friday !	1
thanks for hosting us murray . had a great time . good luck for the cup . may the best team win . they usually do .	1
dana white might cut holly holm from the ufc tomorrow ufc 	0
i ve listened to the ksu clarinet choir recording of the jurassic park theme times today . currently listening to it for a th time .	1
new eco zombies dlc comes to the ps tomorrow ! can t wait ! !	1
is here may god bless u with happiness and joy . happy eid ?	1
hillary is sorry now that she may be facing criminal charges for what they found in her email	2
bad news for the rick perry and bobby jindal campaigns .	0
shit dude good question . i u ll get back to you tomorrow when we go over the wiki with	0
if i could make the logic and future shows in march and a kendrick show i d be content .	1
dear is it me or has the sun shone ever since confirmed the maillot jaune on the tt . . . ? sungodonamission	1
almost m between bey and us ! we have to vote harder to take the st place monsters ! mtvstarof lady gaga	1
wow . . . you guys have really gone far with your company . sam smith ? ! ! ! wow . i saw him on sunday perform	1
i just saw degrassi cause i missed id on friday your so cute !	1
if you didnt see it already heres my halloween effort from saturday david bowie frm the labyrinth as a vamp !	0
what the what ? too out of it to google it now will check in the morning but sure up anything that isn t going back to sd .	0
sept th cherub u c pell ricks cafe advance tix get at me before the date of show cause the price will go up .	0
tate loses to rousey for a rd time . what does she do ? keep beating contenders and earn a th shot nobody wants to watch	2
hi there dj janice . . can you play cold summer nights by francis m . in way back wed . ? this is for you starlight . . 	1
and google is probably going away . . . .but sure isn t . look how you ve stood the test of time ! ! !	0
really send ur story to sm or kyuhyun they may give you a full paid trip to see them xd really that s the good effect of kpop !	1
is it bad that i want to try to meet shawn again tomorrow	0
bentley is years old today . this was the st day i got him	0
trump at the anti iran deal rally we will have so much winning if i am elected you may get bored with winning . 	0
fil aussie jason day is currently tied for the lead in the british open at together with paul dunne and louis oosthuizen after rd round	0
taroor shed tears for yakub as yakubs friends in pakistan may have settled the taroor amp tarir issue to save him from some embarrassment .	0
watching kofi annan on msnbc show educate the masses on foreign policy . i wonder how many others are doing so on a friday night	0
retweeted not jony ive if you want to know what will do tomorrow tune in to apple . . .	0
rolling stone ball game bamma weed the whole st ringside ep he dropped	0
late halloween party next saturday going as thriller michael jackson u c is it to controversial to hold a baby doll too ?	0
jimmy fallon rolls out the first chuckle of finally friday with mike amp dana s line of the night at am on genuine country kicks !	0
john kasich is now the th major republican running for president socialmedia via	0
we have yoga mitchell park but it s every friday and i work every friday i miss u mucho btw	0
in case you were unawares u c dwight howard is absolutely going ham in la right now . like wow . it u s only the rd q .	1
the st ultimatex match w bentley still holds up today . despite knowing the practice the day before .	1
perugia italy reuters american student amanda knox walked into a court room in perugia on friday for the fi . . .	0
regardless of whether they are muslims . i don t understand the french mayor who says he ll only accept christians 	2
lauren goodger may reportedly be in training for the next series of dancing on ice u c but that doesn u t seem to have stopped her from ha . . .	0
save the date u c we u ve got some surprises coming your way ! info on monday .	1
pick the chelsea team to play swansea chelsea u s focus now turns back to the premier league and on saturday we make . . .	0
thursday d and well it s that winter wonderland at hype park google it it looks fab !	1
noticed that joke when you interviewed reid hoffman . better the nd time around 	1
it is a bit crappy but looking better for the weekend sjp says cold but sunny for saturday u s trekking 	1
last night floyd mayweather compared andre berto to manny pacquiao . yeap it really did happen . happy friday everyone ! boxing 	1
 nd wedding anniversary today celebrating with a trip to milton keynes to see the foo fighters !	1
al michaels amp frank gifford provided the soundtrack for monday night football when i was just getting into the game . a true renaissance man .	1
hi mickey ibm has a great opportunity for you ! i sent u a li inmail . time for a brief call today or friday to discuss ? thanks !	1
shit that pisses me off men that complain about international women s day and don t realise international men s day is nov th . suck balls	2
did you know that prince george was trending topic on friday for hours in belfast ? trndnl	0
college tomorrow . . .might just lie about my age and go enrole in year at the hawthornes . . . .	0
come on c revamp it there tf sunday with chris evans ? please no . i ll just watch the full races and nowtv the good sky ones .	2
paul dunne kept the poise going in the rinaldi interview . this could be awesome if he gets off to a decent start tomorrow .	1
gonna try to run laps tomorrow atleast it should be easy i just can t talk to ppl . just gotta listen to my ipod and keep runnin	1
over views since sunday for our slave train video thank you all for looking please have a peep mr chris evans tfi bestunsignedband	1
yes kookie is the nd worst wrecker . jimin is the bias wrecker . there s no one in kpop who s a bigger wrecker than him xd	0
 democratic mayors in michigan are hosting ramadan dinners for muslims on . . . wait for it . . . september th o k a y	0
oh just realized that there was no teen wolf today major missing january . lt lt so longgggg	2
justin bieber s joy on the nature was due to connoisseurship warmly seconded by the end may make his intrusion on entering	0
judging by the interviews and way bellusci talks think we may have found a true legend in the making	1
cm punk posted the following on twitter late thursday night in reference to the ongoing hulk hogan cont 	0
t mobile life instore csr hi may i help you me yes i can t access my pictures csr ok . . . . . .i don t have a note . . .	0
pointing out that an american female soldier may have killed muslims now earns you the label of khawarij .	0
janowicz was in january and the win over murray today takes him to good year ! mega potential ! if he beats tipsarevic .	1
this may be a reason to swap u c ios has too many daft games . android is a desolate wasteland when it comes to games . 	2
i posted photos on facebook in the album the glamorous nd night of the eid we all together in snooker cl 	1
extension on xbox one beta and increase level cap ? no work tomorrow . ps had problems they got extra day 	0
 iran us delisting mko from global terrorists list in line with iran campaign tehran u c oct u c irna secretary . . .	0
 nd half when it really mattered them dublin players decided they were winning amp that was that . kerry are getting embarrassed in weeks !	0
i want ihop tomorrow morning 	1
installing a full gas central heating system in the chelsea area tomorrow . looking for similar ?	1
fun fact you may not have heard amid recent consternation over israel s ngo bill it hasn t even reached parliament	0
just had our st trick or treater in yrs here in the desert . caught me totally off guard gave him a candy cane from a box someone sent .	0
it s my uneducated opinion that breaking bad is the best show in the history of time .hannibal might now be the nd	1
 dmv i will be performing live dc star this saturday w big and the band shout to sunshine bennyt 	0
kane i m no flash in the pan harry kane can understand why people may say he could be a o . . . soccer football	0
twilight view of the city of sin from my th floor room lasvegas bellagio whatbptc	0
i can already see it now my dad is driving down th yelling free gucci ! omg 	0
you got a sweet shout out at a jon huntsman jr speech in st . louis monday night . well done !	1
this sales job might be a great fit for you prince george career open house august th at pm cibc hiring	0
gutted my match is off against bolton tomorrow ! was well up for it 	2
watching labyrinth for the st time ever . . .david bowie is the worst	2
thanks for the follow brian ! hope you have a super tuesday !	1
if kris bryant can hit more hrs by the end of the season he will be the nd best rookie in cubs history behind kerry wood if not the best	1
can it be friday already ? i wanna see jason aldean	1
she said i ve got tickets to iron maiden baby come with me friday don t say maybe . i rock out like a kid to this song every . time .	1
catch paul mccartney on saturday night live tonight !	1
is the real deal . i cannot wait to use it tomorrow night . pl tournament . watch it on cbs college sports at pm	1
been listening to sam smith in my sleep for the past hours now i m getting steak for my dinner can sunday s get any better ?	1
you only have three days left u c this sunday is the last day to swim at fairground pool this season .	0
my shuffle is favoring mariah carey hardcore today but whatever it s saturday i m supposed to feel like a diva anyway	1
very soon police marching towards the crowd ramdev supporters start march towards ramlila maidan likeaboss	0
vice president joe biden led an emotional memorial service on saturday honoring the five slain service members	0
we pumping inside twilight on dec th ugly sweater fete r with get mad now . .	0
the daily zap catch highlights from monday u s action in the nba .	0
wonderful trilogy of chef studio dinners first one is tomorrow night with the chef from paley s place .	1
whatcha gonna do when donald trump comes to a city near you brother ! he may not have all the answers but in the past yrs . has mr . obama ?	2
 i once told harry i was leaving the band on february th . he cried for hours until he realised there is no february th zayn malik u c	1
if you think harry potter is better ur not gunna survive as an adult lol honestly though when i went to logan rd was the best	2
sunday is national ice cream day . just thought you all would like to know that in advance . these are the things i think about at midnight .	0
i love monday night football . frank gifford was so great with dandy don al michaels . we love you frank . sorry your loss	1
big brother starts tomorrow can t wait to see people slowly showing their true faces and or going insane	0
somehow managed to lock my keys in the car this morning at dunkin happy friday 	1
philly girls love going to big bangs u c kifs u c fat tuesday u c etc	1
on the th day of advent we have our double deck for chelsea flower show obadventcalendar	0
defense gets its turn in valentine s day murder trial a philadelphia prosecutor closed his case monday in the . . .	0
avril lavigne says after debuting spring line for abbey dawn she may make own wedding dress pop star avril lavi . . .	0
magic mike xxl is better than the st . i learned a lot about the male stripper psyche amp culture amp midlife crisis amp female sexual desire .	1
lenny kravitz exclusive interview and live performance of strut soundcheck lenny kravitz is back with his th . . .	0
a night to just lay up watch movies on netflix .	0
big brother nights are now thursday friday amp monday . i love the internet college	1
i had a lovely day at the great yorkshire show today with heather such a shame that it is closed tomorrow 	1
catholics tomorrow is the holy day of all saints many many gave their lives for jesus and the church . all the saints defended the church ! !	1
should ve went to watch paper towns first i ll just go see it tomorrow	0
tiger woods strokes behind leader jason gore at wyndham woods shot a under in the third round saturday . . .	1
beach yoga with jen monday friday am am playa azul come and get your yoga on ! ! !	0
seniors robert kugler for nd time danny anthrop amp frankie williams selected captains by teammates with bentley . purdue	1
madonna will make her first appearance in hong kong on february th at asia world arena . . .	0
and i thought tsarnaev on the rolling stone was bad .	0
tara na pinoy ! join us for the brand new series tgif thank god i m filipino which begins this sunday feelgodlove	1
amazon has deals on home theater items on during the countdown to black friday .	0
tomorrow is national hot dog day . if you are in brighton drop by	1
i still want my vanilla fudge ima get some tomorrow i was really craving that all day .	1
mailjet it s fri . . .we mean star wars day . may the force be with all of your emails !	1
posted minutes ago shortly after dropping his black friday remix package with kendrick lamar j . . . . newhiphop	0
the sun and mail hate britain hate working classes want your kids to he stupid and vote tory . . . .	2
 pm tomorrow night i have a date with denzel ! flight i can u t wait !	1
so hype to give a presentation in management class tomorrow about why tom brady can go fuck himself	2
one of many things that islam has taught me is to look upon charity as something that we all must do every day that the sun rises . powerful .	1
waking up at the butt crack of dawn to surprise your bff for her th birthday and having a party at ihop is a good way to start offt he day	1
im going to sony store tomorrow . . may go in debt . i need to get a few things before its really tooooo late	0
animal planet has a show that just shows puppies . . .guess i know how i u m spending my saturday u s for the next years or so .	0
lucas duda said he will get a second opinion in california on monday with doctor robert watkins who treated david wright s stenosis .	0
tonight at tomorrow we ll start there and bus to toyota at or you can meet us at toyota from 	0
may still be out there avengers . am looking forward to ant man and heard it si totally awesome !	1
christ the last thing i want to be looking at on a monday afternoon is sam smith s ring .	0
i have to get a picture of what i think beauty is for homework . i ll just print a picture of tom brady or me . the th grader i nanny	0
when you feel like zayn is going to follow you soon and end of the day you re like well maybe tomorrow	0
the reds are having a fireworks show to the grateful dead on friday .	1
bernie sanders will be news when he collapses the corporate press is the cancer of truth me i m a survivor 	0
i m gonna go buy a canvas tomorrow n paint nicki dragging miley thru the mud	0
may allah give you more eager to know about islam .	1
might have something to do with jurassic world having the rd biggest box office takings of all time .	1
uefa women u s champions league update u c including scoring in a game with lots of americans 	0
good to know mclaren were testing an experimental front wing last friday during free practice for the car	1
having gopers on abt irandeal a fail . kerry wrote deal explains it and pawlenty s st response if u accept his math . . wtf ?	0
napoleon dynamite is on and im not going to school tomorrow . fantastic	1
rousey will just take her down and submit her . she may have to take a few punches to achieve this .	0
hang on . if this involves the grateful dead they may be doing you a favour .	1
 it has been matches since messi last produced a hat trick for barcelona . his next will be his th for the club . omen ?	1
target acquired tom brady thursday night you get fined i will start a gofundme page to pay it for you p lt 	1
christians i have a mission for you if you haven t see the movie war room see it tomorrow . it s very very good .	1
i may not be attractive but we can talk about feminism racial inequality how toxic masculinity is and how donald trump will ruin america 	2
if you love to dance i hope to see you supporting this event . saturday . all info on the flyer !	1
nia s asking if you want a current event for tomorrow ? she can print it right now	0
kenny lofton sandy alomar jr . make st hall of fame ballot appearance	0
having a really hard day . on the upside i m setting off to climb mount snowdon tomorrow .	2
bernie sanders is about to torpedo any chance hillary might have of winning the white house going rd party . lmao	2
far left have one thing in common with ukip mad conspiracy theory s about purges and they are the always victims	2
did you get a chance to go to kendrick lamar s concert in dc we did ? concertreview tde musicreview blog	0
i have a home boy trying to sign up for the d league try outs june th . . . his skills a u c anyway to get him added ?	0
sorry i have organised a walks day for the th in cit	0
i think ice cube may be the greatest rapper ever . . .	1
first day of journey heading to hat yai and going to phuket this weekend ! fighting jimmy ! and tomorrow have	0
really wish it was acceptable to wear my nirvana tank top to work tomorrow .	1
don t want to hear seth rollins speech about how great he is tomorrow bruh .	2
iron maiden speed of light single to debut tomorrow speed of light the new single from briti . . . metalnews	0
best attitude for living my pain may be the reason for somebody u s laugh u c but my laugh must never be the . . .	1
french montana live dc star this saturday labordaywkend s o check it out 	0
going to see rise of the planet of the apes tonight . . .oh yeah .	1
m t arliehartman b w john played a song with the foo fighters on thursday night . it was great !	1
remembering former st . louis blues star pavol demitra today . he was a true talent class guy all the way . a very sad loss for his family .	2
super eagles and leprosy tag rated in the world serious work for sunday oliseh and his employers .	0
all i ask for my birthday is for tom brady to show out thursday night and get the w ! ready for some football ! ! !	1
one sided support for russia which the iran deal may ve began addressing . . not doing so to a certain extent would lead to	2
can t wait to see what happens to april in sharknado hope she lives	1
we all know im not gonna make it to thursday so ima stay home that day and watch greys anatomy	0
i m taking my women s networking group to see magic mike xxl tomorrow and many of them are over so this is going to be a good time .	1
breaking prophecy news today i present to you the horns of the false prophet . yesterday friday erdogan was . . .	2
cannot wait for mnf tonight come on the mighty swans	1
tonight u c obama was the buffalo sabres and mitt was the dallas stars . it may not seem right to the sabres fans u c but dallas still won .	0
every thursday i go to jesse black in casselberry u c fl just for these girls	1
this made my day . girl scout cookie orders start on friday in md . i have an unhealthy obsession with thin mints . . .	1
don t miss this exciting show ! rumourz tribute to fleetwood mac is coming to the palace this saturday at pm . . . .	1
go all wednesday adams on us with our gorgeous scalloped collar	1
i ordered the crossed out monday shirt that niall wore on tour at am this morning . why ? because i can t be stopped .	1
happy th birthday nick j ! hope it u s one of the best ! you u ve accomplished so much already . . . and so much more to come . love you !	1
david price does not look happy getting sent off . he s allowed a hit each inning and left the game with the tying run at nd .	2
sunday is a sacred day bc that s when our lord amp savior caitlyn jenner has a new episode of iamcait	1
hillary just may be that stupid look at some of her track record screw ups . history tells it all .	2
chris evans s attention will be on top gear which returns in early may with him at the helm alongside german racing driver sabine	1
sucks i cant go to the nekromantix show or the brian setzer orchestra show tomorrow and saturday i really want to go 	2
friday the th the series is on amazon prime . see you all monday	1
most annoying twat ever ! but she brought dunkin so i may just talk to her today . . .	2
west ham have scored eight times in andy carroll u s three starts . he may not be scoring yet u c but he u s making it easier for others to score .	1
also the band at the pub is making an ok ish job out of the foo fighters so my sunday night has been wrapped up in a weird sweet kinda way .	1
hmm i also stopped thinking about tomorrow . don t tell fleetwood mac .	0
 may be wrong but if i read it right bernie sanders majored in political science and then went straight to a life of running for office	0
lol this is the first time i eat pancakes since monday . damn you just hurt my feelings	2
you may not recognize his name yet u c but you will definitely know his music . check out the amazing bill carter . . .	1
did you know in jiujitsu when you get to your th dan instead of a black belt you wear a red and black belt ? jiujitsu ottawa	0
thiiissss mofo wants me to go to auburn s st day of practice i m going to be the only person booing !	0
 deadpool video game to be re released on ps amp xbox one on nov . plus a statement from the man himself 	0
going to see ant man today then will get pasta i m doing all my birthday stuff today because i have band camp tomorrow and that s all day	1
haha was brilliant u c adam levine is in it but not a fan of him ! and it was on channel last friday u c it u s on od xx	1
gonna watch sharknado tonight just so i can talk about it with my kids tomorrow	0
nicki may not be a vocalist but she sure doesn t sound a mess when she sings	0
i am predicting a baby boom in september for those that are throwing caution to the wind and going to out with a bang on thursday night .	1
cech set to leave in january atletico madrid has joined roma and real madrid in the race to sign chelsea outc . . .	0
you need to come to the houston rodeo in march !	1
booker t will be addressing the hulk hogan controversy this saturday night on his heated conversations podcast .	0
donald trump tweets may i tell you that i m having a lovely labor day weekend at hugh hefner s place ? hef is a gentleman and a friend .	1
in donald trump and jeremy corbyn may be in the same room discussing us uk diplomatic relations . imagine that conversation .	2
josh hamilton doubles to start the th . hard shot to the rf corner .	0
there was no handshake abigayle ? also when i come in tomorrow i expect my new schuh tee you ordered to be there . . . good girl	1
for all you cyclists and film fans u c today is the start of the bicyclefilmfestival at the barbican centre until sunday !	1
vice president joe biden will meet with afl cio richard trumka later thursday further fueling talk that he may . . .	0
will be on abc sunday night pm with dr joe tucci amp prof liz handsley re sexualisation amp commercialisation of kids	0
going to see shawn in october with my mains	0
voting wont end until the th so if u dont see the votes that doesnt mean it ended mtvstars lady gaga	0
madrid manager carlo ancelotti admits he is keen to return to the sporting paradise which is the premier league one day . sun	1
erdogan the son of jews like his grand father mustafa kamal ata turk may allah curse him 	2
i just googled it haha catelynn and tyler met first and butch and april have been married but they got divorced	0
chuck norris is on the th prestigue on modern warfare . . . it took one game to get there .	0
national hot dog day is saturday capitalgmc saturday see you there .	0
tickets for troy on stub hub for . sad but if you have a youngin u u c saturday would be a great day to take them	1
national hot dog day thursday kangaroo express will offer free hot dog to customers with a military id from p . for everyon else .	1
michael just heard green day s time of our life for the st time since leaving florida and i burst into tears . i miss . . . penderg	2
if you address sebastian stan or chris evans somebody else may respond instead . marvel chrisevans sebastianstan	0
i ve watched three films this weekend with anna kendrick in it and its only saturday . no regrets .	1
i m sick of playing the pacers gerald green playing like the nd coming of michael jordan smh	2
at the risk of sounding redundant comedy ! poetry ! thunderbolt ! wednesday th ! free ! bristol comedy poetry hashtag	1
hulk hogan may be on the hot seat but racism in pro wrestling is far from being down for the count	0
i think that u s standard now . it u s actually an improvement . before they were saying the th . now the th .	1
on th day of eid . . . . kuch shirm aur haya hote hai mager yeh dono app pass kaha hai ?	0
my very public response is that you thinking your version of islam is the only right one is wrong .	0
i got tomorrow off ! ! woooop ! ! adrienne arsht center for the performing arts 	0
since the tfaw thing is tomorrow should i do the polish festival on sunday to spread it out or just be out a long time on saturday .	0
i u m assuming that heb ran out of candy and people decided to give out pizza instead because it was busier than super bowl sunday today	2
going to watch connor run the x m relay in state athletics championships at olympic park tomorrow . wishing him luck ! ! runforrestrun	1
it has become a wrong trend to protect the person who has been punished by sc amp president without any nd thought yakub be hanged yakubdebat	2
can you believe it s been years already ? happy nd birthday to prince george . princegeorgebday	1
trying to go out tonight ! ! ! where is there to go out here in dallas ? ? ? ?	0
 openfollow hear lost interview of mlk jr . a tennessee man finds a long lost interview with mar . . . teamfollowback	0
after amit shah rahul gandhi will open congress campaign for assam election tomorrow .he is on a two days visit to the state . .	0
tuesday raw roundtable sting dudleys seth rollins clashes with stephanie divas beat the clock wwe had ano . . .	1
david wright gets loud welcome before st plate appearance at citi field since . bats with aboard . mets redsox bot outs	1
mom just asked if i wanted to see the knicks vs celtics in october . . .i hate both teams but it u s a live game hmm	2
becker answers with yd td drive u c yd fade to brett watercott . becker u c zimmerman . rd qtr mnscores	0
tampa bay buccaneers vs oakland raiders odds find out why each team will cover the spread on sunday .	0
evidently kpop fans noticed it awhile ago it may be too controversial to win now uptown funk is a good choice for voty 	0
can we just talk about another nashlynn video tomorrow you go nash and skylynn	1
toujours mozart festival comes to israel for the st time in years 	0
we wish we may we wish we might . . .check out the newest farmers market at twilight tucson twilight	0
for hours once a year u c shares a birthday with because its the nd in michigan but still the st in california ! d	1
rahul dravid holds the record f two partnership in odi s . . . . st is with saurav ganguly f agnst srilanka . . .	0
from jan heartrending artistic tributes to charlie hebdo and the power of the pen	0
that they may see amp know consider amp understand that the hand of the lord has done this the holy one of israel has created it . is . 	0
you can breathe a sigh of relief now the queen of the nerds is back . you u ll have to look out at sjp tomorrow too 	1
happy hour time with my favorite coworker genius is here ! after wine she is going to symphony and me to art park st friday life is not bad	1
so . . . . who s up for seeing ant man with me on saturday ? pm showing . let me know !	0
we may not win academy awards u c but we will be the freaking people u s choice dammit ! ! !	2
when you realize classes start the th so the ac dc concert will be the best concert since eminem and jay z thatwasgoat	1
a little cak alcoa primer before tonight u s state farm rivalry thursday game . . . .	0
celebrate national hot dog day thursday is national hot dog day with some businesses offering deals in hampt . . .	1
jose iglesias with amazing plays in a row . going derek jeter on the nd	1
today in beatles history may paul mccartney meets linda eastman for the first time at the bag o nails nightclub in london .	0
washington mainstream lying media united nations vatican amp israel are the true terrorists . . your enemies ! !	2
gordon brown amp tony blair dressed by the same person for whitehall remembrancesunday event ?	0
i was rolling saturday at my cousin shawn talking about the disbelief of him about to have a daughter right in front of his gf bm	0
and fun fact . . .i watched full house episodes when they first aired every friday on tgif . good stuff ! you got it dude ! 	1
my siblings went to the chris brown concert tonight i m already mad i didn t go plus august alsina showed up . . they lost a sister tonight	0
justin may god s hope and peace be with u . pray and ask god for his guidance and help u with selena . god bless !	1
watch the ranked gator swim team take on sec opponent texas a friday u c november u c at pm .	0
is it tomorrow night yet ? i m ready for david wright .	1
tom wilhelmsen picked up his sixth save saturday against the white sox tom wilhelmsen picked up his sixth sav . . .	0
analysis daniels made the right court pick gov . mitch daniels said friday he appointed tippecanoe county superior . . .	0
i kind of had a good guy to look up to he was a th rd draft pick amp he s the greatest quarterback of all time texans hoyer on tom brady	1
a shame i can sit up n call my daddy and granny nem back back back n they won t pick up but let briana call they answer the st ring	2
the sun s glow had given way to a brilliant twilight that paint the great mountains with violet and orange rivers . paintglownye	1
 you may not speak to justin bieber unless spoken to wow didn t know i was paying to meet the queen	0
gucci variety purusha credit february relate at large the twosome thy terran access bond towards politician ke . . .	0
almost done with u discography review ! by friday nloth and hopefully songs of innocence !	0
saving episode for tomorrow because she made me angry and i just spent hours playing naruto ultimate ninja so my eyes are dead	2
this article about senate president enrile is very interesting 	1
coach shawn you re suspended shawn oakman i ll see you on saturday coach yes sir	0
on friday i will breathe the same air as taylor swift	1
biden says he ll run if he has the emotional energy vice president joe biden said thursday that the bigge . . .	1
 music of the sun u c a girl like me u c good girl gone bad u c rated r u c loud u c talk that talk . 	0
brian cushing is not listed as out for thursday s game . he was just one of texans who did not practice on monday 	0
saw lou on monday tell me how she u s improved !	0
heat vs knicks gone be the best series in the st round . .	1
i was speaking in general . .but romney and obama full of bullshit . .put dennis kucinich on the ballot then i ll be st in line	2
i u m meant to be going roundhouse u c but decided tonight that i don u t wanna go anymore u c so gonna apply for joseph wright tomorrow	2
tonight curtis is going to comrade bill de blasio s nd town hall meeting . he was told he d have to rsvp reject . . .	1
convinced someone that ice cube wrote the song friday by rebecca black hahahaha	0
hey at least robert downey jr chris evans and krysten ritter all on kimmel tonight civil war trailer may drop . agentsofshield	0
may you all have a great thor s day ! asatru awakenthenorth vikingclan	1
milan bourse closes up . milan december the milan bourse rallied at tuesday s close as the ftse mib . . .	0
 pumped to meet you on the st vs the nyj with mike d . i m a big fan of yours and of course the pats . isthisreallyreal	0
 bono hand delivered pizza to fans waiting in ga line for the u concert tomorrow . this band is the definition of awesome . u u ietour	1
hulk hogan hates black people ? ? ? stop sitting out in the sun to look like me makeupyourmind	2
we re going to watch paper towns tomorrow 	1
live on periscope sunday at the venice beach	1
going to helsinki tomorrow or on the day after tomorrow yay !	0
getting ready to join st kilmacolm scout group at the remembrance service . vital that young people understand what today is about iscout	0
need car financing ? toyota of hollywood has you covered !	1
i may just have to watch sharknado tomorrow haha	0
if jk was on game of thrones his name would be jurgen klinsmann master of the th substitution of the friendly clan	1
 st movie of the night the vow	0
last shift in the pub tonight going to see foo fighters on tuesday and then it s back to stirling on wednesday . canny wait !	1
the party is at sky boxx every saturday night with ralow smith and mike d ! ! ! !	0
online assoc with the th pick . . . . jrue holiday gerald green jeff green ibaka greg oden	0
there s not really anyone i know irl that gets passionate enough about star wars i need to find new friends before dec th	1
taylor swift concert october st in tampa did you get your tickets yet	0
what a game here between valencia and atleti . at the break . join and i for nd half on	1
they ll confirm de gea tomorrow . . there real madrid they ll get what they want . hmmm . .	1
i would ve preferred that episode of hannibal season was the nd episode of it . would ve been better to check on everyone earlier .	0
david wright comes through ! mets lead in the th !	0
there s a reason i can t watch jumanji or the rd harry potter . that shit sticks with you .	0
i know yall listened to kendrick x black friday . so tell me with a straight face j cole just as good	1
such a foolish thought . santorum and palin would start a primary challenge in march . depends on congress some but eo first day .	2
saw ant man tonight and loved it ! here s my blog review any views appreciated ! antman marvel	1
if exo m is going to nanjing tomorrow . . . black haired lu han ? owo	0
i want a sunday kind of love etta james	0
louis saha could become the th player score different pl teams this weekend .can u name the who u ve dne it ?	0
tiger woods was all over my tl yesterday like it was the nd coming . did the final round get rained out today or something ? crickets	0
i sat through the whole of sharknado i m pretty sure ns is nothing compared to that shit .	2
david wright def got his groove back on defense after a rough st couple games right after he returned . the captain s looking great ! mets	1
black friday huge saving aerial view of a city u c paris las vegas u c the las vegas strip u c las vegas u c . . .	0
i know it u s only november but i u ve already decided to be lana del rey next halloween when my hair is natural brown girlcrush	1
tomorrow bradley wiggins will break the record for number days in the maillot jaune for a british rider beating chris boardman . tdf	1
 nyc torn shoulder capsule for byrdak tim byrdak placed on the day disabled list friday with left should . . .	0
we may go see amy schumer at the troc earlier that night	0
go set a watchman will be here tomorrow with some pants i ordered 	1
kanye west th member of the new day . kan ye sucks .	2
good morning cowboys ! swiss radio says it is ! gt jamiroquai s space cowboy ! friday is cowboy day	1
ever have a song that just hits the right spot for you ? these days by the foo fighters was it for me . side note mom gets diagnosis tomorrow	1
looking forward to seeing chuck close s installation at the th and nd ave subway ! carol vogel reports	1
tonight s wwe raw takes place from the hp pavilion in san jose california . confirmed for tonight s summerslam . . .	0
with the federal budget deal signed into law people may be able to make large charitable gifts from an ira .	0
 info exo m will fly to nanjing tomorrow to attend yangtze river music festival on the th along with super . . .	0
video of the possible injury to john cena at wwe live event as noted john cena may have suffered an injury at . . .	0
 nd curtis with a clean from the corner . the offense is flowing for the raiders now . gonzaga still leads .	0
greece s tsipras says loan deal with lenders close athens reuters prime minister alexis tsipras said on wednesday that greece wa . . .	0
anyone wanna go to the eric church concert saturday at buckeye lakes i ll provide a ride just buy you re ticket	1
tgif by katy perry just came on amp it s friday ayeeeeeeeee	1
kim kardashian is irrelavant now unless she releases some fresh nudes .	2
kendall and shawn the bomb are gonna wake up so hungover on the same couch tomorrow	0
sir terry leahy the man behind tesco s success is speaking at in wgc tomorrow 	0
you bought it ! i didn t leave the daily show ! this was all to fool you sheep amp screw john cena ! jon stewart on raw tomorrow summerslam	0
come see and david taylor at pivopivo with me next saturday	0
all the hoes will be out this saturday at the chris brown concert .	2
bayer leverkusen now up to th level on points with borussia dortmund u c one of the big winners this weekend nine behind bayern . . .	0
damn u c i just got cougar town cupcakes and was going to bring them tomorrow to share . i shouldn u t eat all alone . . .	2
hopefully i work an early shift september th would love to go to watch the jurassic park quote a long	0
justin on the th place ? where are the believers at ? mtvstars lady gaga	2
is anyone interested in going to the ed sheeran concert tomorrow at pm ? i m selling one of my tickets 	0
when trayvon touched my shoulder in th period and tried to hide like it wasn u t him lmfao you can see his tall ass anywhere !	2
chris evans may be captain america in the avengers but my little bro is my captain america	1
tonight we re seeing lee bryce and they re already trying to get me to go with them to zac brown band on saturday	1
underwood s childhood fight with david bowie jones may have caused bowie s distinctive eye discolouration	0
holy drunk ! wine u c johnny walker and beer are not a great combo esp on a thursday night to many emotions too much sadness u c calling it a night	2
rahul gandhi and soniya have a mon mon policy for the big problems to escap fresh khaiye juban pe lagam lagaiye	2
i am honored to say i drove chelsea tonight may god bless	1
david price pitched eight innings of two run ball in a win over the angels on friday . bluejays	1
rt if you thought the london riots were bad just wait til the mexico city riots break out once they get word lopez ton . . .	2
dustin johnson is fast becoming the greg norman of bad luck in golf majors . i hope dj s misfortune turns into something positive on monday .	0
new die hard movie coming out feb . . looks like bruce willis is going to be my valentines date o 	1
 white collar launches the second half of season on tuesday u c jan . 	0
watching contraband on the pvr it u s too frigging predictable to continue watching . gonna go wash my hair . friday	2
not excited to take the sats tomorrow	2
donny leaving kershaw in the th inning in game . fucken memorable ! ! !	1
he may not be preaching it but it is the result of him appearing on shows like bill maher . this itself is dangerous .	2
 thoughtsonmymind fuck joe paterno u cfuck penn state u c fuck wvu u c fuck texas u c i hope the steelers lose tomorrow u ctebow needs to start god bless	2
the rejuvenation of tfi friday ergo giving chris evans the opportunity to appear on tv more is very disheartening .	2
short hair is back ! check it out . clockwise alicia k u c riri u c miley c and twiggy the st skinny model . pi	0
that david wright home run has th inning inning ending double play with bases loaded written all over it	0
if someone wanted to find me at saratoga tomorrow it wouldn t be too hard . i stick out like a sore thumb with my ps lanyard thing .	0
love billy crystal introducing the st game of the world series .	1
pat brisson the agent for blackhawks forward patrick kane said tuesday he believes kane is innocent of any crime per	0
jason aldean concert while working from home i d say it s a good friday ! jasonaldeantoday	1
this is such a breach of the st amend that even madonna s gay brother is standing with kim ! const . attacktd	2
wwe superstar meet amp greet with randy orton . bids end date wednesday sep . . . wwetickets	0
celebrity big brother starting tonight and xfactor starting on saturday . it was nice knowing you all .	1
an album of unheard kurt cobain demos you say ? just take our money already montageofheck	0
bale doesnt celebrate his goal but races over cuddling dempsey on the nd . illustrates perfectly the bullshitting spotlight whores they are .	2
tweet di brintey so amazing to have the beautiful lady gaga at the show in ac tonight . love you girl . britney	1
i sat at a table next to marcalmond yesterday . took every ounce of restraint for me to not try to strike up a convo about scott walker	0
mate of mine heading your way mon night for the u gigs . he s looking to paying homage at the fenian lampost .	0
jiujitsu with punches and cardio today back at it at one tomorrow .	0
did you tell rio in the weeks before rudd was knifed there would be no mining tax introduced in the may budget ?	0
you know how the kris bryant walked off on the th ?	0
i exist in a twilight where the sun never rises nor sets and the land is never overcome by light nor shadow .	0
just realized that i u m applying to the education program tomorrow . where has the time gone ?	0
tickets still available here for friday night s party with teengirl fantasy patten and syracuse .	0
when you realize there is no teen wolf tomorrow	0
curtis killin the game in sports rn . volleyball and water polo are state champs and cheer got st place in their first comp ever ! goviks	1
ducks game on the st ! ! ! yeah buddy	1
tom brady is the quarterback of all time no conversation whatsoever . go debate your blind th cousin .	1
jeb or john kasich may get it . . . i need an easy bit for hillary	1
tomorrow is national ice cream day ! treat yourself with homemade ice cream rowlett icecream sweets	1
carly fiorina considered the breakout star of the early debate thursday spent most of her business career with at amp t .	1
olivia jordan of oklahoma was crowned miss usa on sunday wearing a hot pink strapless dress as she deftly fie . . .	0
i u m sick with something ill be at school on monday though	2
david wright will play in his st game since april . wright sat out after being diagnosed with spinal stenosis .	1
 innings . hit bombs to tie it in the th and th and lost on a cpu squeeze with josh hamilton and my infield in	0
 sos is not the new mcr or the new nirvana . they may have been inspired by said bands but they will never be them . they are simply sos	0
send me lwanga s hw packet and i will buy you dunkin tomorrow morning	0
and on this tuesday night i will ponder why they decided to make a rap remix of bad blood 	0
in the saudi arabia uae neighbors and much of northern africa the weekend is friday amp saturday . the first work day of the week is sunday .	0
it may be different but the ending would still see rousey with the w .	0
listen to black friday with kendrick lamar and j cole	1
just had a guy come into the shop enquiring about a kyocera toner . . . his name was paul kimber . . . .i knew friday . . .	0
comedy central is a good look tonight	1
 russia s putin discusses syrian crisis on phone with israel s pm	0
 th inning at fenway park . red sox lead the phillies to . eduardo rodriguez still on the mound for the sox seeking his th win	1
throwback to my old fan account obviously the shawn one hahah	0
jealous of everyone going to chris brown on thursday	1
 and if fnd guilty how can he serve more time than a convicted murdering ira bastard released on good friday aggreement . . .	2
dope night with the eagles .did sangz tell you he deleted all the pics	2
david bowie s daughter was born august just like me . coincidence ? i think not .	0
buyers of wal born supplements may get refunds from walgreens the company touted the supplements u likeness to t . . .	0
damn amc not showing ticket times for paper towns on the th . they show them for the th but not the th !	2
is anyone checking out the new batman rises movie showing tonight by usg at and then the octoberfest tomorrow night .	0
no . the sun is notorious for making up bullshit about zayn including the cheating allegations .	2
curtis going for it with a th and coming up .	0
wow the world may cave in on itself ! piper and mike d of in the same picture heroes	1
i now feel bad for buying a thor novel for . at barnes amp noble but now i know why it was . . lcd	2
meet the amazing race philippines contestants . watch it on tv starting tomorrow . i am excited for this show .	1
i m soooooooo goin to my chicago bulls game on feb st against the nets . epic ! ! ! ! ! ! i need a date though	1
wednesday episodes of big brother are so boring now that there are no more battle of the block competitions .	2
did danica tell you that there not stunting tomorrow ?	0
c u mon cam and the panthers ! u r the missing link in my quinfecta weekend . hard to do . . .app win u c unc win u c state loss u c dook loss u c panther win	0
kris bryant . . .so what was scott bora bitchin about ? wow ! cubs in chc lad top nd	0
i m going to be so jealous on friday when i watch my friend buy his ps haha . oh well	0
what were mason s good chances ? kane s nd was that the one creeated by chadli where he had bodies to shoot through ?	0
have you ever wondered if christians and muslims worship the same god ? our theology thursday answers that question !	0
directioners ! little things video will be out at pm uk time tomorrow . which means it will be am in india i u ll be travelling ! u 	1
hey i u m coming home tomorrow to surprise lauren so don u t tell her but i u m going to need you or someone to let me in	0
please feel free to jump on the bandwagon tomorrow and support paul dunne . off . pm . longlunch proudmoment	1
may not be my first choice for president but i m voting for him if he s nominated . at least he s better than hillary	2
passionate about cnis work be a rep at ten thousand villages in your hometown on mar saint john princess street	1
my mom still isnt sure if she can go to sam smith with me or not tomorrow she needs to let me know so i can find someone else to go with	0
i have lots of spare jars . marmalade is the one u jam u g i have not yet made . so glad u found ash wed easy uplifting .	1
the boys will do promo in sweden today november nd and they will perform on sweden xf tonight u c live stream here	0
roma play juventus tomorrow in rome . if you don t go then and i will never talk to you again .	0
it s not just for the kim kardashian s of the world ! we have twins coming tomorrow that will be getting their . . .	0
tomorrow night gonna try to do dms to austin mahone cody simpson alli simpson for the people that want them ! late night though !	1
does girls gone wild still make commercials ? if u c god forbid u c this one goes to extras u c we may find out .	0
as good as david price would have been imagine what the yankees may have in severino for the next seasons . . . wow	1
rumor has it apple is likely to unveil new iphones at their sep media event iphone s iphone s plus iphone c	1
briana is months pregnant tell a friend the baby may be stuck gtg	2
i m gonna do this with zayn s face	0
up before the sun today ready for the week of festivities ahead in prince george . wedding bestfriend	1
i want to go to disneyland tomorrow . i m always there tho . . it s getting creepy . bahahaha	1
how my room in this hostel actually hotter than okinawa in july ? damn you spain !	2
flash news sp to support upa but oppose anti people policies samajwadi party on saturday said it will continu . . .	0
nice c safely in the uk amp able to report her st hand knowledge of saudi arabia s war attrocities in yemen amp uk s role in it .	0
may the sun in his course visit no land more free more happy more lovely than this our own country . .happy independence day .	1
oh god just realised i m chain smoking in mother s party wig and pretending i m pj harvey . gonna get disemboweled in the morning for stinky	0
angela merkel after yrs in power she is seeking a th term .let just imagine she was an african leader . .	2
i m going to the ravens game in philly this thursday getnthefucoutofhere	0
so if the th amendment could not protect a women s right to vote why would it apply to gay marriage ? it wouldn t and doesn t .	2
in tgif tomorrow honu by the sea heritage of hula chris d elia more . find it online premium tgif	0
i hope yall not sleeping on the blackout homecoming party this friday at club pulse . shit is really bout to crinack .	1
can we get frank ocean in charge of this asteroid so he can keep pushing the date back ?	0
real madrid coach jose mourinho faces further selection dilemmas ahead of sunday u s la liga trip to real mallorca u c with sami khedira u c . . .	0
will be the republican nominee for us presidential polls bobby jindal notwithstanding his th rank among . . .	0
last night s episode made me really want to re read apples and cherries at least the rd time i ve read it 	1
i may or may not be jumping around the lounge to some random boy band on mtv hits	0
why hello and happy thursday to you briana it s been a while i love your new profile picture btw gorgeous	1
happy birthday to you old friend ! have a blast and may allah bless you . happy eid and enjoy your roti kaya hahaha	1
gumby may be the answer to our forward woes . the bomb squad never stop believing u c and we never stop believing in gumby . releasethegumby	1
monday night i watched monday night raw instead of the tigers game . brock lesnar destroying stuff is more entertaining .	1
i hope liam comes out tonight with balloons like niall did for his st but on his arm how cute was that	1
 bluejays win final ! ! david price on the mound tomorrow ! cometogether	1
messi and barcelona are preparing for the away game against granada in la liga tomorrow kick off cet	1
having complimented peter garrett yesterday for his suit i fear he s worn the same one today . hope it s the nd pair of pants . qt	1
may allah guide us all to the straight and balanced path and put the love of islam into our hearts .	1
david wright returns to the st place tomorrow . life is good .	1
icc announces teams for wcl division dubai the international cricket council icc thursday announced the . . .	0
randy orton is going to be in lawton tomorrow	0
wiki says her rd marriage rt is trying understand love with his rd wife as her nd husband 	0
happy birthday to the late u c great jim henson . changed the world of entertainment . may have to stick a muppet film on in tribute later	1
anybody want tickets to eric church tomorrow night in nashville ? each	0
bloodymary hackers nirvana smell like teen spirit butterfingers nicotine feeder days in the sun smashing pumpkins bullets with . .	0
if dana white had his head any further up her box he d disappear . joe rogan too . fucking paper champion who had st real fight .	2
donald trump born on rd base but now believes that he hit a triple . friend of working man ? no he s a bum .	2
signing day this friday for fdahs . hate the school but i love my senior class u c we be on .	0
on sunday the final chapter to the biggest lopsided rivalry is written . all hail brock lesnar !	1
may god wil make him cure asap u c n give a long long lyf	0
happy th birthday to the notorious one ! conor mcgregor ! eire	1
reruns of big bang theory cma awards . everyday of the week twice on sunday .	0
i think this was the first night of louis with briana ? that s not her tho i saved it on april but i dk	0
al baghdadi in his latest speech remembered palestine but forgot iran for the record this the st time isis directly threat israel	0
 nd halloween with people of the capitol . i love that corseted blue haired woman .	1
me and my sister told my mum we didn t get justin bieber tickets and i ve wrapped them up and tomorrow we re gonna act like she got them	0
donald trump may have just secured a prime time debate spot for carly fiorina gapol	0
why i got talked into this brookwood game u c the world may never know .	2
every male celeb under the sun please stop doing underwear adverts ! no one cares ! you re just some random not david beckham !	0
when you re paired with tiger woods on a sunday what s the best way to make yourself comfortable ? by getting a . . .	0
are you coming along to one of our go set a watchman reading groups tomorrow ? and in store free to attend . see you there !	0
we u ve got the sponsor form and box on our desks . i think becky is going to send an email tomorrow .	0
k fest vancouver is go ! saturday september th on ubc campus ! my dream come true join the event page here kpop fans	1
i m glad it s not my call ! he looked amazing . so did kershaw in the th of game .	1
nate berkus being gay is the way i was born super soul sunday oprah winfrey network	0
yep . turner house room on the th floor	0
if you guys are in the fresno area tomorrow evening go hang out with us at kuppajoes ! we re playing with limits . . .	0
wow the red sox pitcher is the definition of on tilt here in the th . crazy how that balk happened .	1
yes .exactly i want baeksoo too but kyungsoo too bz with movie maybe baekhyun st ?keke .jongin amp soojung at gucci event tonight	1
saturday u c i buy my ticket for the tmhtour in belgium ! i u m so happy !	1
so far i have drafted aaron rodgers at overall and then at in the nd round matt forte . not bad .	1
good morning . happy wednesday . zac brown band fans where you at ? makeitpossible 	1
dalken with rbi single to rf scores cofield from second . jags lead with out in the th . troy pitching change coming up .	0
did you sign up for a gainconference workshop tomorrow ? be sure to check in at registration first in the yerba buena center for the arts	0
the red sox have completely fallen apart here in the th	2
so i checked this out on the google today is . . . thor s day ! how much better is that than thursday ?	1
kendrick lamar goes in on black friday ! ! ! it has been on repeat since it came out gah damn	0
yeah that u s wha i u m doing tomorrow . your topic seems interesting as fuck . lol my shit is on malcolm x . but ima just	1
it was a saturday when i went stopped off en route for a few jars at haltwhistle and haydon bridge so was good fun .	1
im going to hell in a cell in atl u c the december ppv in memphis u c and elimination chamber in nola	0
cian an . .huhuhu . . . . mybe tomorrow going to putrajaya . .	0
so tomorrow we should try amp plan a trip to see the next ppv as sting might be world champ ! !	1
but justin bieber may be but her real taste if you call catching him . it will always remain your promise to hope for	1
how about some good news for saturday morning ice cream freebies campbell ! happy national ice cream day !	1
big home game tomorrow evening for the tcu baseball team as they take on texas a m here at lupton field . come on . . .	0
 apple apple s iphone event join us wednesday live blog the lam research theater at the yerba buena center f . . .	0
which would mean atletico madrid would drop to th . bilbao will give real madrid a game tonight like they gave barca at nou camp .	0
you guys are really putting stoops in an awkward place . . . i mean heupel was his st quarterback . they have yrs of history	2
pls rt bolton society for blind people are bringing vegas to bolton with a charity dinner on sep	0
good morning ! my timeline works again ! i couldn t read your tweets in it luckily i was checking milan s twitter when he started to write 	1
will you be extending the bo beta to monday on xbox and pc like you did with ps ? ?	0
 casecrown axis flip case black for ipad th generation with retina display ipad ipad built in magn . . .	0
it was nice of to break this news on a sunday and not while i m sitting at work like they did with zayn . that was rude .	0
anybody want tickets to jack white tomorrow at ally pally ? stuck in matlock u c can u t make it . contact me !	2
apple ceo apologizes for error ridden new map app apple ceo tim cook apologized friday for the co . . . coreformulas	0
hope you and dean ambrose beat the hell of bray wyatt at summerslam and see you on smackdown tomorrow on syfy	1
in the moment kurds do may be what erdogan wants but akp is responsible f . killing civilians	2
ohio gov . john kasich is set to round out the republican presidential field tuesday when he formally announces his white house bid .	0
monday . so here s some fleetwood mac go your own way . have a great day via	1
beautiful but it s from january charlie hebdo 	1
these were the best sunday s . watching harry potter with my girl dixie . sochill whoneedsabf	1
a rumor alleges caitlyn jenner may appear on season of orange is the new black . tv news	0
tomorrow i think it ll be madonna s like a prayer . . . can you help me with this please ? everyone must stand alone . sorry .	0
are all back tomorrow amp tom brady joins us in the am hour	0
you should see jurassic world . it was really great in my opinion . i saw it twice and may see it a third time .	1
ever since eid started i ve been eating a gazillion calories per day i should really go back to eating healthy amp exercising . .tomorrow maybe ?	0
december th cant come fast enough . conor mcgregor is gonna put jose aldo where he needs to be . . out of championship contention .	1
damn dawg you weak ass niggas are really berating kendrick .	2
thank you mr b .netanyahu may the lord bless you and family and israel and god land s of chosen	1
danica patrick let her temper get the best of her sunday and knocked herself out of nascar race	2
the year old was seen swooning over the blonde beauty as the couple shared a hot bath together in celebrity big brother on saturday	1
trade gordon to the mavs for mayo u c kaman u c jae crowder mavs st rounder . maybe cuban will take the risk !	0
i think the stone roses might be on tfi friday tonight ! ! since chris evans said this weeks guest was special and they didn t name them !	0
england on a thursday night ? even the fa has realised we are only good enough for the europa league .	2
i may have um . . borrowed a john cena sticker from a store today and put it on my phone ! ! ! no regrets though	1
yes i m going out in port credit tomorrow . maybe toronto on friday night and then the kee on saturday . i m staying in port credit .	0
kerry the judgement of g d upon yr black conscience is going to be no myth may it be swift . selah	0
kendrick lamar seems to be topping every albums of list so far stereogum put him nd . can t see an argument against it .	1
daily video nyc press event with covergirl and star wars may the force be with you . i a . . . via	1
even elvis is going all out for saturday ! can u t wait ! derbyday	1
what have i missed ? we re going to ohio next week ? just have me back on sunday for zac brown band .	0
us curtis call the drivers curtis to siri call papa johns th street 	0
french pressed cup of verve s los naranjos with a bit of hank williams . good morning !	1
will never but the sun jo u c never ! even for a guaranteed date with dave grohl ! ! ! even then ! ! !	2
matz needs to come out firing like thor tomorrow first pitch in the same place mets metstwitter mlb	0
rodgers i ve read we sent dossiers to the fa on sterling sturridge amp having showdown talks with hodgson on sunday amp all sorts of rubbish 	2
skinny jeans tuck in tops with cardigan for tomorrow but no heels for the whole week ! my legs hurt like crazayyy !	2
my preview of the western amp southern open final on sunday between djokovic and federer for	0
i have a huge midterm tomorrow so i was listening to iron maiden to help with my anxiety but now i just wanna watch game of thrones 	1
only stuff i don t watch is twilight cause it s rubbish . love star wars amp potter but han shot st amp nevill is the real hero . sbspopasia	2
piss easy job analysing on motd . they just repeat what gary neville says on super sunday .	1
the story of the time frank gifford was an anonymous guest on our show monday morning on	0
probably for the st time the entire students would be present in mountcarmel for free entertainment from rahul gandhi in bengaluru	0
tune in today between am pm for the jason aldean double play thursday for a chance to win tickets to the show . . .	0
mets captain david wright returns to action tonight in his first game since april .	0
here an exclusive video of the night that armin van buuren got the no . spot on the dj mag for the th time . . .	1
 years ago today i was in prague for the kickoff of michael jackson s history tour . . . . good times good memories . michaeljackson	1
pereira colombia august players of nigeria walk down the tunnel during the group d match bet pereira c . . .	0
both dope songs but kendrick has a message future just goin dumb on auto tune	2
 wanda sat down where thor was sitting while he took lucas to his room 	0
you may not like his football but christian ponder just did something really cool lululemon	1
see classic to kill a mockingbird tonight pm in bayers lake before go set a watchman release tues .	0
i like how thor is bragging about making esky uncomfortable as if he didn t give up hits and runs in st innings .	1
 cubs miguel montero hits his th home run of the season and brings home anthony rizzo and r kris bryant . mlb	1
 his case will be heard in the third lower criminal court on october . the continued detention of nabeel rajab comes as a	0
apple announcement event just starting . . . apple	1
harry potter and the goblet of fire year by j . k . rowling st american edit	0
maroon and the cab make me crazy ! ! ! when i went to see they concert on last monday . i love you guys ! ! o 	1
they call me tim tebow in the th quarter .	0
vinyl version of david bowie s bowie at the beeb box set due out in february	0
kanye west may not be our next potus but regardless of whether he lands in the white house or not chelsea . . .	0
a day without zayn is like a year without sun	1
do your thing son . by the time we go back on tuesday i ll be done wit prototyping cf and most of iwd . need yo ads genius tho	1
photos from the event in august on venice beach . . . see you all again this sunday august rd .	1
because of valentine s day right ?	0
is that messi s twitter name or has the mexican sun fried your mind ?	0
shawn may not ever tell us when he s gonna be on tv but somehow we always find out	0
see you all in the church tomorrow u s miracle service at pm u c and god will be bless you in jesus name . john . . .	1
real madrid rd kits new new want one ? ?	0
what a pitch by bluejays david price striking out texteira unscathed with yankees on st amp rd jays cometogether	1
good morning bomb squad family ! i hope you all have a lovely saturday !	1
got bored so i read twilight and now i want a vampire bf ugh it s th grade all over again 	0
looks like yakub will be going on a date with his wives tomorrow . hangyakubnow	0
there may be nothing more exciting in wwe than the buildup to a randy orton rko	1
hulk hogan uses n word in sex tape gets fired from wwe well the wwe gave hulk hogan the boot on friday after . . .	0
friday is best day of the week and it s a eid for muslims .	1
c mon bro you know rousey isn t this hot	2
what a amazing monday night raw ! ! epic ending so excited to see challenge seth rollins for the wwe championship raw wwe sting	1
 greece tsipras appears determined to close the deal by august athens july i . . . news truegreece	0
al baghdadi in his latest speech remembered palestine but forgot iran for the record this the st time isis directly threat israel	2
niall on april th the best day he looked so good	1
rt new blog post verizon to finally release the droid bionic by motorola tomorrow	0
 nowwatching the kandi factory u c and i u m liking it so far .	1
bad blood is taylor s th hot no . after we are never getting back together shake it off and blank space 	0
 th final media timeout of the game and st . bonaventure leads colgate . curtis has tied career high with points .	1
hasan on eid every day a muslim obeys allah is itself a celebration ibn rajab reported hasan al basri may allah have mercy on him . . .	1
i may have threw up in my mouth and screamed a little when the trailer came on before paper towns	2
ac dc is in toronto tomorrow and i can t believe i m gonna miss it	2
just because his hired manager may have been racist doesn t mean trump had anything to do with it .	0
if i only had one shot to win you then call me jordan th quarter in u 	1
on tuesday november tune in to my channel at cst to chat with me live on googlehangouts and get your spanish questions answered ! 	0
michael jackson s doctor conrad murray is scheduled to go on trial on september th . can he receive a fair trial . . .	0
may continues to disguise her uk out of eu view . she should do the honourable thing and resign and join ukip .	2
leaving disneyland after only an hour to buy impromptu floor seats to the show in la on niall s st birthday millionmemories	0
want to see the dubs play beat kerry in the all ireland final sunday week but have no ticket ? we are raffling . . .	0
november . opening closing show tix are through ticketek . for the other shows it u s just a gold coin on the day 	0
just watched journey to the mysterious island and may i say i have noooooo idea how vanessa can not be jumping all over josh . . . . justsayin	0
mark your calendars ! woody u s tonight newport beach friday at sevilla long beach fb	0
up early on a saturday to cook chili with sean cunningham at the ics chili cook off in new haven ct .	0
what s it like to make a hole in one against tiger woods ? scott brown on a magical sunday 	1
scant wait leave for l .a . tomorrow morning from omaha ne to watch the trojans go duck hunting ! see yahoo on the field !	1
i u ll see if there u s any consistency with it tomorrow . might be my ipod th gen u c who knows .	0
the sun political editor says the combined of con amp lab will be at all time low for this parliament when yougov polling figures released	2
my morals don t agree with abc s . . . . . may stop watching it	2
growing up by macklemore ed sheeran may b the worst song evr recorded holy hell it came on the radio and i almost jumped out a moving car	2
 there is an honesty that says we play the game saturday u c not today . and there is no more valid opinion than in our place . les miles lsu	1
let s hope tomorrow is a better day for all bahrainis except regime loyalists . good night nabeel stay strong for us . don t leave us .	1
it u s almost am in bkk but i can u t sleep after the game . it isn u t the st time we lost cuz of ref .	2
chris brown is gonna be at the game next sunday all is good	1
what has this world has come to st trump president now kim kardashian emojis .do they have to take all the joy ? trump kardashians bullshit	2
good day ? you still at lechlade tomorrow ?	1
lucky trail challenge just opened up . marathon saturday full marathon sunday on st . patrick s day . who wants to do it with me again ?	1
i hope you plan on doing a dark souls walkthrough when it comes out in march bro ! i literally watch every single ds video	1
okc lost thunderdown . . . . miami gone show niggas how to win tomorrow vs the knicks ! ! ! ! ! ! !	0
i m like ready for monday just so i can watch teen wolf .	1
marvel is in charge now no way sony can get too involved to mess up the rd time plus they have a good director writers .	1
live supreme court approved the death warrant yakub will be hanged tomorrow at am in nagpur jail	2
paul mccartney in ohio on oct th . does anyone wanna go with me ?	0
he walks away the sun goes down it takes the day but i m grown hottieoftheweek demi lovato	1
wednesday or thursday morning to get my xbox one and ultimate edition so ready for it gearsofwarultimateedition	1
i was in the paper sunday . cuz of that i ve had dr .hook s rolling stone in my head . they asked me my claim to fame i say opening for bobcat	0
so apparently february th is going to be the day when kendrick lamar and j .cole drop the greatest thing on earth .	1
exo do confirms casting for new movie big brother with jo jung suk to start filming in oct	0
ward may have two members on the dc state board of education	0
i am going to see aesop rock and rob sonic on fri aug rd at irving plaza nyc . if anyone wants a ride up to the show u c i have room for .	1
great ! all down to hard work of sagg and others . getting increasing reports of reds in haltwhistle too . long may it continue !	1
thinking about stepping out tomorrow too club bodi . . . . decision u s to be made	0
someone runs the wrong route on rd and but andy lee saves it with a monster punt . special teams to the rescue ?	1
today it s all about tablet pcs here s a guide to the windows operating system	0
eid rd day you are looking simple and sweet	1
can silicon valley re charge solar energy ? silicon valley innovators apple and google may be the best hope left . . .	1
did what jon deserves . . .perfect aa john cena will surly be th time world champion n uschampion cena the legend respect	1
manchester tomorrow . i ve missed you gus ! looking forward to you smashing it like you did at leeds festival 	1
why all y u all going to nca tomorrow ? it ain u t gone solve nothing . just create another problem .	2
for throwback thursday u c elvis and the beatles . . .two huge icons . which do you like better ? discuss !	0
hmm if the march thing is true he probably meant that it s unfortunate not have zayn around until then	0
idk exactly who u c but me and blake have like people i think u c we need to finish the papers by tomorrow at pm	0
notice all of the previous members of xfgx may now rejoin . we shall also be recruiting new members on xb ps . name x fallen guardians x	0
every bad is happening . i m having the worst summer ever shawn doesn t come to portugal and i m still white like june	2
clinton backer tom harkin tells friend joe biden there are ways he can serve the country but don t run a rd time .	0
 swachh bharat appeared on saturday at the th place in the top of pune s trends trndnl	0
okay so frank ocean is performing at fyf festival whoever goes has to record the show ! ! august nd ! ! !	1
caught up on true blood ! ! i love it . . . now time for bed ! night peeps . . be safe tonight ! ! !	1
soccer lazio end winless run milan oust sampdoria adds quotes rome dec reuters lazio eased the . . . rt	0
stop asking about niall lol theres no room for a th pic	0
after watching john cena s match m really disappointed with this rd class system of wwe in summer slam . .just like bull shit	2
did he just spoil the ipad pro ?	2
it may have been mean to miss ts in dc but we ll shake it off and put aside the bad blood 	0
it s the st of the month folks . time to get your psalms proverb per day going . these books teach how feel and think as christians .	0
thursday night football is the worst show on tv . and i like the big bang theory .	2
righhttt . well in that case we better be celebrating st . patrick s day in dec too .	1
 sunrise rahul gandhi can you see sunlight ? students yesss ! rahul gandhi may be you can see it i don t i am inside the hall .	0
brock lesnar vs pop pop . this sunday only on the wwenetwork ! raw	0
 st down curtis at the yard line with seconds to go . grand st	0
bobby jindal fails to make the cut for first debate washington aug bobby jindal failed to make the cut f . . .	0
boise state s jerseys for the game saturday are sick . you won t be dissapointed .	1
i did christians laundry amp made him lunch for work tomorrow . .now im watching himym while he s sleeping . . it s like we re already married smh	0
how to make friday morning even better ? cup of coffee and the new iron maiden album on spotify .	0
 mntwins open season with series at baltimore and kansas city . home opener april vs . white sox .	0
last day in krabi . will be heading for hat yai for nd round shopping and sleep over in aloq staq . eta .	0
 oscarpistorius may not be home with a new girlfriend amp powder room door by valentine s day after all .	0
the sun had now completely risen u c and the whole facade of granite house became illuminated by his rays but in the interior as well as on t	0
no idea where scott walker sought medical care following his violent sink encounter but he may want to obtain a second opinion !	0
it has been at least three months since i u ve heard an lmfao song . give it another month or two and i may once again venture outside .	0
 at weekend winners and losers meet the tide and tigers and frank gifford s rushmore .	0
this game reminds me of the cotton bowl game we controlled it u c but not enough points . afraid of nd half lsu dominance .	2
antonio carluccio is the latest celeb chef to try his hand at an italian eatery in liverpool . our st impressions . . .	0
on radio . fm fri oct labour analyst shawn hattingh cosatu s role in the context of unrest in the mining	0
after the blood moon comes the pumpkin sun via	0
 of the th wonders of nlc while painting dior and vogue eye jude law 	0
boo going to the taylor swift concert tomorrow lit	1
so my dad is watching bill maher and the woman speaking has in my opinion to be the st woman president	1
don u t forget to drop by the barbican centre u s conservatory tomorrow for our annual summer reading challenge event ! ages pm free !	1
paul mccartney is playing first niagara center on thursday october . i heard he was pretty good .	1
pgs gold buyers will be in the st . patrick s day parade tomorrow handing out special flyers and coupons to . . .	0
i may hate me some taylor swift miley cyrus and katy perry but i love some carrie underwood because she know how to stay in her lane .	0
 gds juve is the most highest club to pay salary roma nd milan rd inter th juvenews	0
griswold reels off straight to go up on tri center in rd set . mclaren has more kills in the frame and owns total so far .	0
our deep condolences for lee soo man s family may she rest in peace 	1
runako morton died in a car crash a west indies bats man charity event at the rhum jungle cottons tomorrow family need support	2
it was february on valentine s day the roses came but they took you away tattooed on my arm is a charm to disarm all the harm	2
flying to paris tomorrow morning ! first on the agenda is have a croissant and some frog s legs with zlatan on the eiffel tower .	1
no the pottstown game is the th . . . .get it together davie	2
dunkin tomorrow morning is only reason i m getting out of bed	1
went to the shepard fairey exhibition yesterday at stolen gallery just off brick lane . fantastic art on till nov th so still time to go ! !	1
angela merkel and french president francois hollande will meet on monday in berlin to discuss the current migrant crisis solution to it	0
saturday night eating donuts drinking a slushie watching sons of anarchy sans pants . living the dream people . just living the dream .	1
paul heyman you sip form jail till brock lesnar attacking the undertaker authority on this wednesday f 	0
curtis and perkins going well in tandem for the in the nd . chasing the hinds . bm	0
lg may update the optimus x to ics after all releases source code the saga of the elusive ics u . . . full story	0
dude i ve already basically accepted that i won t be able to afford meeting chris evans . i may just spring for hayley .	0
have you heard black friday ? ? by kendrick lamar an j cole ? ? ? 	1
i m really pleased with your concert in mexico on october and of course i ll be there !	1
do you guys think if barca reaches january as leaders they can win the league and whether team can achieve that	0
 gotexans v . the dirty jets football team on mnf tonight 	2
next person to comment below wins tickets for tonight or tomorrow night s colts game against the mcallen thunder !	1
anyone going yo watch the lakers vs heat game in miami february ?	0
may allah rabulizzat accepts all your efforts u made in the path to spread the msg of islam n prophet muhammad saw ameen	0
summer reading club members tomorrow is the last day to log any more books .	0
early heads up for the dimensionaughts ! be ready friday night we pay respect amp i mean respect to iron maiden . ya snooze ya lose ure	1
that will piss lackey off . . . .just ask the red sox clubhouse attendant who put away the chicken and beer after the th inning .	2
gucci unmentionables subconscious mind sanguine expectation december hike up the span yours special twentieth . . .	0
time for thursday night football as the tampa bay buccaneers take on the minnesota vikings . nfl	0
if ac dc has a really successful show on thursday they will get a second show that bumps one of the one direction shows .	1
today as islam and christianity clash honest study of the white mughals of india gives reason for hope	1
and as we all know the mets used the second of those picks to draft a baby faced high school rd baseman from virginia named david wright .	0
good morning neighbors . . . tomorrow is national hot dog day . here are some fun facts about hot dogs . it is an . . .	1
natasa ex catholic lady she converted to islam few month s ago may allah guide all of us and bless her .	1
tbh i like kim kardashian . she may not be the best but i have a lot of respect for her	1
worst away day sat in a home end v bolton mins gone berba scores i jump up awkward awaydays	2
think every band has thought of the name earth at one time . don t forget a uk band had nirvana st .	0
 jason u c loving your performances . may your disco balls shine ! you are truly the hot slut of the day .	1
 . fans we re talking to conor mcgregor tomorrow what do you wanna know ?	0
made in reality ordered from amazon prime i ll have it tomorrow ! ! ! cant wait exciting timesxxxx	1
floyd mayweather has just revealed his opponent in his last fight ever on september . will you watch it ?	0
when you re sick of waiting for a book to come in from bn so you ask your husband to order it via amazon prime . yup . getting it saturday .	1
sharknado is definitely the best of the worst . come see the spectacle this thursday at amp pm in the rh theatre !	2
rinaldi asked paul dunne anything to get his mind turning before the finale tomorrow . at least he didn t ask him about shanking ? ?	0
on the show now u c tsu hc rod reed u c his tigers take on murray state on saturday . tsu is in the ovc 	0
i just used shazam to discover tomorrow by the winans .	0
ron rivera says cam newton is playing the best football of his career . are the packers in trouble on sunday ? . . .	0
may or may not have danced with at zac brown band tonight lifegoalcomplete	0
parliament adjourned until monday . maseru is calm with heavy police presence in the city streets .	0
been asking for justin bieber to be under my tree since the th grade . . . . still waiting	0
kane s best service in the st half came from the keeper ! says it all	1
a survey question ahead of tomorrow s announcements what s the right price for an . inch ipad w stylus and keyboard cover ? ?	0
one of my st music videos in the u s is bad blood of u s dad . an aids awareness video of francis m .	0
i think i might just walk to t mobile in get my phone tomorrow dont have no time to wait for my mom	0
thinking i m going to charleston tomorrow !	0
happy saturday ! having a good time with the family we just ate breakfast at ihop was delicious . fcd 	1
louis inspired outfit on monday and zayn inspired outfit today . . done just need harry 	1
sure in exactly the same way that thursday is proof that thor exists .	0
thinking about work tomorrow makes me wanna puke haha but at least i work with briana	0
i u m pretty sure in th grade i tripped on that same debate stage getting an award at the university of denver small world denver debate	0
dude it was sad saying goodbye to the ph last night . i ll always remember my st st pattys when we stayed up all night . . .	2
so we probably wont hang that long okay ? i wanna see you before you leave china . d oh are you going tomorrow ?	0
so its punk vs u at royal rumble may the best man win . . .	1
good on david cameron he has grown a pair of balls and long may it continue this is a clear message to isis whoever they are	1
join us next wed aug the a z cake day ! we r raising money moebius syndrome . make a cake s using a letter from the alphabet . am pm .	0
positive thinking . . . after the win today newcastle utd are only points off th position and points off rd spot bring on a surge toon	1
drake will be in ohio june th with waka flocka j cole chainz and a bunch of other really good artist . we re fuggin going ! ! !	1
 getshawntobarcelona c mon shawn you came to madrid in the last tour to make a little show do the same this time in barcelona	1
iran is a big difference . she may be more hawkish than sanders but she isn t anti negotiation like the rs	0
i feel like ice cube today was a good day . not just for a monday but all the way around . i like today very much .	1
it s friday and national ice cream day and food truck friday so make sure you enjoy ! btowneats	1
check out the bbc broadcast from cypress avenue last monday . vanmorrison	0
gucci inexpressibles ego id conflict profound secret august incarnate the distich yours heterotrophic organism . . .	0
yeon jun is freaking yrs old and he s already wearing a gucci shoes what in the world	1
rt end of time by beyonce i heard it today and iim hooked ahhhhhhhhhh i love it to the ultimate max ! ! ! ! !	1
friday night lights with mitt ! tcot tlot bcot ccot gop nra ocra sgp teaparty twisters breitbart israel	0
reading the book again at circe now intending to finish on th . radio has programmes all day so i u ll be listening to most !	1
taking go set a watchman with me to the beach tomorrow the critics haven t put me off in the slightest	0
aug reuters apple inc which launched the apple watch in june is within striking distance of leader fitbit inc in the wearable	1
if the weather holds out seeing the handlebards in the chelsea physic garden this friday and saturday should be fun !	1
what youtube can learn from youku just completed a merger with tudou china s nd largest video sharing site . china	0
we re going to see ant man tomorrow . if you d like to go meet at the warehouse at so we can eat lunch in . . .	0
ice cube can help with the straight outta compton movie but can t even make the last friday movie . . . . bruhhh	2
i was in the th grade taking istep tests when happened u c doesn u t seem like its been that long ago	0
thank you experience perth for sharing chittering markets chittering valley twilight markets on saturday th . . .	1
and christmas u c good luck changing it ! other federal holidays include martin luther king u c jr day in january	1
no school tomorrow tumblr the whole night u c till i fall asleep p 	0
will the tory cabinet take advantage of george osborne s brother who has free time now he s been suspended as a psychiatrist for nd time ?	2
dtn usa charlie sheen s winning ways get roasted he may have looked like he was winning but actor c . . .	2
thank you miss usa ! you stole my words beauty is in the inside and outside . you may be drop dead gorgeous but . . .	0
watch and cheering nandito ako tonight and let me know who is wae ing up josh bradley . forevermore	0
ohh i think on saturday ! it s alli simpson and madison pettis girl from live with boys omg i wanna go tooooo ! 	1
its about that time ! filthy rich presents . . . . . . saturday aug . email me for more info or check out our fac	0
when justin bieber gets pulled over for his st inevitable dui i m going to retweet this .	0
loving the opening debates rap game kathy crowley october bruno mars	1
are you a london area fan ? we ll be taking me cosplayer photos at big ben tomorrow am come out ! tweet for details !	0
amazon has just opened its black friday store more on business news by cheryl ceballos	0
what time are you going to claytons tomorrow	0
it s july rd national hot dog day ! celebrate with a hotdog plain or garnished ! nationalhotdogday	1
happy valentine u s day my love . . november is coming 	1
cena gonna make seth rollins his bitch this sunday lets goo	0
if i see someone else telling you that i might just fucking burn them alive . may work to do a nice dark souls bonfire .	2
threw out st pitch tonight and david wright was so nice to sign it stluciemets traditionfield	1
benesch spins and fires from close in and puts a low bounce shot past rose . assist to pires wla th goal of the night .	0
today thursday is national hot dog day and vanilla ice cream day ! which would you rather go with ? who wants . . .	1
saudi arabia will behead nd teen protester business insider governance by the peaceful ?	2
tomorrow night ! halloween meltdown with nero dj set at hammerstein ballroom at manhattan center with gbh events ! . . .	0
even though im pro gay marriage its pretty crazy that the general populous may actually have voted against it .	0
watching les mis th anniversary concert . how long before the boy jonas gives me rage knowing michael ball was backstage ?	2
i think it ll be a dead rubber if it s not already but i m going to orioles red sox in a few weeks friday night game	0
i just realized that tomorrow night i will be staying minutes away from where ed sheeran is and i can t see him . i am fucking upset .	2
wednesday the hunger games thursday supernatural friday the vampire diaries my plan for the next days d xxx	0
it s still eid . rd day of eid .	0
 nw kung fu panda . dnt judge me i like animated movies plus the st one was the shit .	1
best hr derby josh hamilton monster blasts deep into the bronx night a record st round .then like his career faded just three in finals .	1
your weekend just got a whole lot sweeter today is national ice cream day . c mon downtown genevail for the best !	1
i may not be a diehard fan of ss but all the things i u ve heard about this man make him sound like a hero . my	1
everyone came to the vmas looking boring or like trash from what i see so far and then nicki showed up looking like a sun goddess .	0
wait so if you were emmalin on army wives u c why aren u t you still acting ? if i may ask . im just so confused haha	0
it s gonna be hard enjoying christmas knowing you re facing rousey on nd january . yeah good luck with that one d	0
donald trump i will be in d .c . on wednesday pm in front of the capitol to protest the horrible amp incompetent deal being made with iran .	2
 senate be barack obama for halloween in march u c after romney beat rick santorum in the ohio republica . . . politics	0
hi jeanette just sitting having a coffee . sunny day in the ne so far hope it is with you . off to see paper towns tomorrow .	1
can you pay on the gate on saturday at bolton or not ?	0
i m going to be in the same room as taylor swift tomorrow .	1
i think so ill bring it on monday is it the adidas	0
then again this is coming from the girl who just saw ant man for the rd time	1
super eagles coach sunday oliseh has invited foreign based professionals to the super eagles . . enyeama eduok included . tanzania	0
knicks vs . hawks atlanta u c new york battle for playoff positioning . . . the knicks and the hawks battle sunday a . . .	0
i want to go see equalizer tomorrow	1
ibm puts a tux on its mainframes with linuxone mainframes may seem like dinosaurs at first glance these days . .	0
rt is it possible for aaron rodgers to suffer a career ending injury tonight ? just curious .	2
ok so i may or may not have bought some shorts at the concert that say ed sheeran across my butt	0
donald trump signed a loyalty pledge thursday saying he would not run on a third party ticket if he does not win the republican domination	0
may oldglory wave long amp proud may the muslims offended by the sight of it leave amp never come back . period .	0
this is buffon u s nd cap for italy u c now just behind maldini in nd and behind the leader u c cannavaro . legend	0
iran makes it to nd coming . next door however doesn t 	0
you can download . . for ios and the show or server won t work until tomorrow be happy and smile more 	1
book swap u c saturday at pm ! we u ll bring the cookies . . . .	0
last time the stlcards swept a team was a two game series against the white sox starting july st	0
part of me suspects corbyn may march on his own party hq with stw amp blame it on tony blair . you never know .	2
george osborne set to take uk austerity battle onto golf course properties that may end up on the block inclu . . .	0
coni is still looking for volunteers for the painting project that is expected to be completed on saturday u c november and november .	0
rt wilshere didn t play for arsenal on saturday and most papers report he s doubtful for newcastle . why would there be . . .	2
i just booked that ice cube said bye felicia in friday which he wrote and he his son says it in straight outta compton . . . clever	0
come to the club monday night ! hope to see you there ! open mic night pm at iguana located at w st u c nyc	1
casually walking around the house singing u cdancing and yelling robsten is unbroken yo ! october yo ! i think i u m gonna faint yo ! u 	1
did anyone see rachel khoo making oeufs en cocotte a few weekends ago on saturday kitchen ? here u s my take on it . . .	0
while leaving th block i saw joe in class u c i yelled joe he came out and just looked at me . i interrupted him talking a teacher whoops	0
the edge of tomorrow ad campaign really should ve been more focused on the promise of getting to watch tom cruise die over and over again .	0
i m sick of bears fans that slander the packers just to slander the packers . we ve been their bitch for decades now man c mon	2
tuesday s off are the best cause i get to catch up on big brother bachelor in paradise and sytycd . yas	1
 bluejays take the opener in innings ! now . behind the yankees . david price goes tomorrow against ivan nova .	0
cont . . gandhi has contacted you and collected the documents . you may contact him on for further status of . . cont 	0
i may be wrong as you say for wanting donald trump as our president but at least i don t want hillary clinton trump 	0
in south korea u c when ur born u c ur already a yr old u c psy was born on st decemeber u c so next day he was yr old d truefact	0
we get to keep curtis right ? he s going to be a regular ? he s going to be in the arrow cave soon ?	1
really excited about apple watches collab with hermes so beautiful ! the new models with a new os update everything is available sept 	1
good man ! need your support on saturday those are the ones that will matter . not a glamour tie with chelsea !	1
floyd mayweather is heavy favourite to go on the th . bet on the fight here boxing	1
last race of the season before leagues and cif tomorrow on a brand new course u c we u ll see how this goes cantdecidewhethertocareornot	0
the apple watch has drastically lowered sales of this product it may be unsurprising that the apple aa . . . apple	0
who u s going to the rally for khader adnan in ny tomorrow ?	0
now that tsipras resigned yanis has come out with guns a blazin and has publicly posted the proposal he had made 	0
zombies devour vmas on mtv as fear the walking dead returns strong kanye west may have sucked all the air o . . .	2
presenting the th annual eid family fun day . see me perform an lots more from pm address tw hu	1
 nowplaying and the sun will shine bee gees foobar 	0
oct will be ghoncheh ghavami s th day in prison support and sign k strong petition	0
i knew u in th grade and i m pretty sure it probably had something to do with twilight	0
interesting how theresa may is in hiding but george osborne is now the voice of hard right next step pm ship bid uk	0
this next superbowl is on my st birthday . random fact of the day .	0
beyonce outperforms mj michael didn t look like he was trying to get rid of a wedgie while performing but if you say so jan .	2
bumper day for in tomorrow extract from new tom wolfe sylvie simmons on leonard cohen	0
dear ms . rousey may i be your pre fight fluffer ? i promise i ll spike your testosterone amp make u win . sincerely winky ufc 	1
whoop whoop it is kids eat free wednesday ! ! swing into o u briens irish pub plant city u c tonight for kids eat free . . .	1
we d love to see you in israel sql saturday on april th . learn from brent ozar and rob farley precons sqlsaturday	1
july rd is national hot dog day ! come celebrate with us ! blake brock will be on the deck at pm !	1
today august in nirvana play at the mia zapata benefit in seattle . the band played this show unannounced .	0
taiwan tens of thousands of people marched through taipei on saturday to push for the legalisation of same sex . . .	0
avril lavigne says after debuting spring line for abbey dawn she may make own . . .	0
plea to probe foreign funding of team anna the bench had directed the centre on may to treat sharma s plea to the court for pro . . .	0
tuesday s q amp a should you still spend time on google today ? join the super gnomies for this amp more ! pm pst 	0
he may never play for real madrid if they really wanted him then why only bid so late ?more to this than they let on	0
well since the gop and dnc are the same . . .you u re out of luck . both support ndaa u c sopa u c endless war u c drones of the us u cno th am .	2
wait what u s suppose to be going on tomorrow at cypress ?	0
july th is national ice cream day are you going to celebrate with your favorite flavor ? . . .	1
real madrid will wear the pink kits for the first time on july against roma .	0
kelly and michelle may not be but beyonce ? single ladies is one of the most ghetto songs i ve ever heard lol	0
until bradford gets hurt and murray doesnt do what he did in dallas .	0
seven penny stocks to watch with heavy volume for march ivan shares have traded as high as . over the pa . . .	0
sorry harper but for once just take the blame . nats blew the game .	2
tomorrow is the big day ! ! ! ! ! we celebrate upnsmoke woodlands one year anniversary . grand prize winner of the . . .	1
cause my agent say those who wanna continue at adidas go to the office on monday pm ! no other days to go alr ! ask quick .	0
china is wisconsins rd largest export market at . billion and moron scott walker is kicking the gift horse in the mouth . just careless !	2
 th floor and desks in the charlie hebdo newsroom after gunman threatens to kill hostages if police storm terrorist brothers .	2
rtrtrt rt if you love the song called last night on earth by green day . indowantsgreenday	0
charlie rose with rich lowry u c mort zuckerman u c charles cook u c karen tumulty u c roger simon david sanger march u c . . .	0
i m very sure it is briana but i do not see tattoos louis . i may not be able to defend if it s true . sympathy so much . ohnobriana	1
wouldn t say shes in the elite or top singers in kpop now but goes to show how big st impressions or one bad moment in negative light lasts	0
as my mom said i shouldn t be bitter because thsk will always hold the honor and prestige of being the st korean group to perform in tdome	1
when amy schumer is friends with ur nd grade teacher amp updates u on her life she taught the other class but still 	0
we spoke and you didn u t mention it . . ! happy birthday queen ! enjoy your earth day . .long may your pioneering work continue . .x x	1
were you able to successfully upgrade to windows curtis ? we d be happy to help with any questions you may have !	1
kris jenner gets kandid shocking secrets and admissions ! she may not be starring in any keeping up with . . .	2
my folks are up off to liverpool . you going to beacon on sat to race ?	0
oh goodness u c rick santorum will be in town tomorrow to kick off early voting . north carolina u c a gentle reminder u c you u re better than this .	2
with rules and taxes rose . imagine just imagine the moral outrage if we told muslims now you may practice your faith 	0
back to black friday . . . . do u guys even hear what kendrick lamar is saying ? ! ? how he says it ? good gawd .	1
tomorrow is dark souls or bloodborne day . gotta remind myself how practice and hours pay off	1
palestinian citizens of israel are treated as rd class citizens . you just proved that calling them arabs instead of israeli	2
when i see reactions to stories about benefit scroungers and the lazy poor in the sun u c i wonder if murdoch is a latter day pavlov	0
big game for arsenal on sat need a convincing amp solid performance with goals against stoke giroud amp alexis need to perform ! arsenal	1
rt i love football season ! ! lets get it ! ! high school games friday night . . . .nfl games sunday ! ! !	1
kpop fans helping sos sheskindahotvma it because th harmony should of not say bad stuff about ne ! ! !	0
i used to absolutely love the music to silent hill . even had it on my ipod !	1
if i didn t yell at someone about taylor swift or kesha then the entire day was a waste . try to be better tomorrow .	2
de gea can still join real madrid this january with far less money united is screwed over if those doesn t get sorted out	0
just found out we have appointments n we are shooting for on monday huntsville u c al are you ready for us ? ! ? ! nmae	0
you may follow dynamic israel on israel tomorrow .blog my blog will open your eyes to the truth about this country . .	0
nba video the daily zap all the action from wednesday u s six pack can be found right here in the daily zap . nba	0
 torchlight comes out tomorrow . torchlight is in my list of best games of all time . i like it better than diablo iii . promises more .	1
caitlyn jenner is distraught about the prospect of going to female prison . bruce jenner however is thrilled that his plan may have worked .	0
i m so mad seth rollins is going to talk so much tomorrow on raw kiwi fuck i m so mad	2
just think some misguided girl is in the vip tonight suckin dick will wake up to hits on worldstarhiphop tomorrow bethiphopawards	2
it was good tonight we are all happy about the points against bilbao ! now we have a big game at sunday against . . .	1
ddo you think ill have sats tomorrow	0
bad blood by kendrick lamar and taylor swift may be my guilty pleasure of the year . i wish more mainstream pop was like this .	1
 yakubtohang matter of fate yakub to be hanged tomorrow on his b day . apart rm all v sud nt forget dat he is being paid off his sins .	2
that rd shot looks like its from a michael bay movie . zlatan just revealed himself to be optimus prime .	0
i just bought trips around the sun the definitive live story grateful dead via	0
beer and chicken night ! watching dexter till the working hours . pm am maybe we should reserve the nickname dexter ? might be fun	1
in other words suppose if bench is not constituted before th than yakub will be hanged .is it .	0
justin is going tea time with sophia grace and rose tomorrow on the ellen show at on really 	1
apple watch is a flop as aales of the gadget have . . .	2
not here in the east though . . .moon u c jupiter u c capella light up evening sky on november tonight earthsky	2
i go to sleep tomorrow i wanna see zayn malik follow you back pls all the love is always xx	1
don t forget to support your nd fav team tonight boys girls haha newcastle utd v bordeaux espn pm toon	1
if real madrid s appeal to uefa and lfp for the de gea transfer is successful he ll join them tomorrow . yikes .	0
amy schumer tickets still available for sunday s show at kent state ! ! go to the website !	1
white sox vs red sox tomorrow cubs vs reds on the st n bears vs packers on the th . what a good going away present !	1
have you seen friday night lights ? our service powered all of the live streaming updates . read more 	0
had to tell you that i m seeing the cleveland orchestra tomorrow and i m so excited to hear music from jurassic park !	1
if harry or louis planned on coming out that plan changed . briana may have been part of the new strategy louis is straight 	0
sone jai recommends last friday night t .g .i .f . by katy perry . listen to it for free on deezer !	1
but rest assures i am watching degrassi u c and loving it may i add . 	1
any interested in tickets the nia on the th of nov ? block b row face value . inbox me	0
happy birthday yay more year before you can drink lol happy th birthday to gay is my little brothers birthday he is love u	1
i have too many books to read . grey cloud atlas twilight harry potter nd gen ! how i live now if i stay don t make me think	1
good morning ! it s monday . . . . . . . .again . . . . . . .happy day after national ice cream day . . . 	1
speaking to western media for st time mother of ghoncheh ghavami tells she too has gone on hunger strike	2
shawn is like sun in the morning it s bright hot and always makes you smile .	1
when i was literally about to jump off the edge at metlife ignore the nd part lol 	1
ok frank ocean may be like days late but i got email updates along with my tumblr notifications on fleek . boys don t cry come my way	0
check out all of monday u s highlights in with the daily zap 	0
lol i had it hv to look for it again but it is usually first week of march right before the indian wells event in march .	1
i may joke but nicki s totally valid points about a racist system will be forgotten again because of a white woman s comments	2
pastors every sunday believe that all palestinian deaths are justified as israel belongs to the jewish .	2
for any info you would need to contact sony . apologies for any inconvenience this may have caused ai	2
i m still salty i couldn t watch the season finale of teen wolf the season premiere of awkward and tomorrow s new awkward	0
in an exclusive extract from amy lawrences new book invincible the arsenal manager talks about	0
listening to sean parker s hipster international mix on spotify . i think this fact may make me a terrible person .	2
still bitter that they didn t tweet about metlife amp now augustana is opening the show tomorrow night . just keep giving me reasons to be bitter	2
behind the curve the closed world of haute couture calls in the geeks a model at milan fashion week in march . . .	0
won t happen . . . .progs and muslims in germany gave her a rd term because she caves in	2
adrian neville and seth rollins blew the roof off of that place on monday night raw and adrian neville you did awesome ! ! ! ! ! !	1
when i get to my mom s house on sunday i m going to force her to listen to calibraska just for jack and jack s sake	1
by james oliphant des moines iowa aug reuters sinking in the polls here scott walker started on monday to sound very much like	0
today is star wars day may the force be with us . .	1
it s hard to make the case that jeb bush is still the likely nominee . he s currently th in ia and rd in nh . winners have to you know win	0
congrats to ryan braun on setting the franchise mark for career home runs . congrats also to k rod for his th save of the season .	1
kenot . same night . am doing java jazz for sure . can always catch the foos some other time . the jazz greats ? not likely .	0
have you dreamed about riding a hoverboard ? lexus may deliver ! hoverboard lexus innovate	1
will be assisting the marching band at the game tomorrow from the bleachers u c i hope you all like vuvuzela	1
tomorrow i get my hands on my copy of vlr for ps vita . hopefully the postive impression i got from the demo carries over to the full copy .	1
my sister just sat up and asked where katie was going to sleep . she is a little too old for an imaginary friend u c don u t ya think ?	2
april sure seems he is heading in that direction after meeting with obama and muslims .	0
tgif by katy perry just came on amp it s friday ayeeeeeeeee	1
tee shirt thursday ! first person to tell us where which town the art park studio and 	0
sting will interfere and cost undertaker the match this sunday . or it s possible we could see the return of the masked kane . summerslam	0
come on iona just cancel class for tomorrow already	2
religious freedom purposely protected by st a . is now trampled by the scotus decision on gay marriage . imwithkim	0
golf capsules nick watney missed a chance for a on sunday in his cimb classic victory u c closing with a course . . .	2
if donald trump becomes president ? i will leave the country . i ll come back but may visit a few foreign places while americans still can .	2
if nicki drags miley at the vmas tomorrow i will literally drop dead	0
i love israel and i will always support you come what may .	1
this may be pathetic but i m soo excited for sharknado . best to watch with lil kids tho .	1
lmao frank ocean just don t exist	2
you guys may piss me off with the xbone but the windows lock screen facts make brighten my day a lot .	0
 game of thrones just cast a character who may have a huge role next season gameofthrones got gotonubox ubox	1
zach duke gives up a solo homer to jose ramirez in the th . white sox lead now at .	0
am going b on lock dn from now till fri morning in the studio . vol drops on the th pm . i ll b club on fri thou	0
just heard green day s time of our life for the st time since leaving florida and i burst into tears . i miss everyone so much xxx	2
book off november th ! the pssa is going be having its first event in years for the american election . details to come ! uofr urpsci	0
 nd person didn t respond . zayn is gone but do u want calum ?	0
those in social justice is the paper still due tomorrow ?	0
who wants to be on kandi factory ? ? kandifactory you may see me and my new music on the new series	0
i m going to auburn thursday now . . .	0
 tedxsendai is october th watch it and learn more about the people affected by the tohoku disaster .	0
 tbt to the oregon v . ucla football game last saturday ! oregon ducks rose bowl	0
wednesday s coyotes tracks kane on the move ?	0
 ever hear tamias live cover of the winans tomorrow 	0
 neon splash dance on thursday with sounds by neon attire highly encouraged . bring your bikini ! splashdance	0
guernsey those islanders love the g funk and ice cube covers . over to amsterdam in november belize and then glasgow homecoming	1
iatse picketing of fashion star set to resume monday deadline with no talks started the union and the crew . . .	0
game of the finals will be played this coming friday pm at the smart araneta coliseum . game will be aired live over at tv .	0
february ? ! the fuck . nbx shitting the bed w community u c parks and recreation u c up all night and rock	2
ok can anyone answer if when d will come to the philippines ? cause my cousin told me this dec . and shes not sure . please answer me . .	1
sent for my phone to get unlocked hopefully it s tomorrow so i don t have to pay this cricket bill and can go to t mobile	0
only us . . . milan italy . . .feb . . .saving the date .	0
the donald on whose on st the kurds no the quds no tom brady yes . . .i can talk abt him all day great guy fabulous thtsdonald	1
remember the sun newspaper supports this tory government it supported tony blair s government . it is an insult to us all . vote corbyn 	2
i may be late . . but kanye west just wasted mins of my life ill never get back with the stupidest speech known to man . . .wow lol	2
july th is national ice cream day ! we want to know what your favorite ice cream place in chester county is post below !	1
going back to school on monday and gonna get threw it by listening to shawn all day schoolphotoselfie	0
first time seeing the in person ! can t wait to see it in victory lane tomorrow !	1
me and mike are going to see bernie sanders in concord nh on monday come with us ! !	1
but all seriousness i never played monster hunter should i get it the th one ?	0
llb tomorrow . we niggas going caitlyn jenner on them tomorrow	0
i will be performing at the dc star on september st hope yall can come thru !	1
murray just got obliterated in the th set tiebreak	0
and saudi arabia have the nerve to say trumps a bad guy for wanting to ban muslims . . .	0
have a great tour georgia ! so sad that you won u t be in youngstown for a nd year in a row i won u t get to see you guys 	2
wed night pm pacific join the the blast ! live right here on fb as we have the founder s of the ios app kander on . . .	1
come back to milan this one has your name all over it !	0
federer stays winning . into the finals tomorrow .	1
you going to shawn jawn tomorrow	0
heyssss u owe me a treat equalizer a place in the stars october st . 	1
galaxy note coming tomorrow uk release date price specs rumours when is the new note coming out ? today . . .	0
alright watching monday night raw neville vs seth rollins for the title neville had then after the three count rollins put his foot on the	0
reports boko haram killed civilians since may kano and kaduna states located in the north west record . . .	2
floyd mayweather defends choice of andre berto says there s going to be blood boxing fans may not like it . . .	0
provincetown may be a place where gay men have backhair so thick it can prevent a sunburn 	2
is this cif piece meant to be funny ? i mean u c other than in the unintentional sense of being ironically humourless	2
dean ambrose and roman regins might have found their rd partner because he is going to want payback raw	0
if they ban all p rn in india chrome s incognito window may be the next thing to die after google .	2
girls night out friday night november nd . fairfax police gym jazzercise . pm . revercomb dr . fairfax u c va . potluck following the dance !	0
i wanna go to the studio with ulysses n them tomorrow u cbut i cant . bars	2
we closing out the knicks tomorrow	0
looking forward to the new jersey shore starting tonight . has it started in ireland yet ? ? what do tweeps think ? ? jerseyshore	1
didn t leverkusen reject a m offer for him in the summer ? i fail to see how his stock may have dropped since then	2
have you gotten yr tickets to see mgm grand on thurs ? if not go here to get . . .	0
i u m going to be in brownsville tomorrow	0
deciding if i want to spend to meet bernie sanders friday in atlanta .	0
monday nights aren t the same without teen wolf .	0
 basically the whole point of mardi gras is to sin as much as you can before ash wednesday 	0
no more mentioning of flatbush zombies . are you going to his concert tomorrow ? !	0
royals win dad and i celebrate like the royals clinched a ws berth since we won t be there for game . jguts might be ranked as the th best	1
no matter rain or shine our warehouse manager curtis is always willing to unload donations . today it was sun . . .	1
i u d watch cougar town over this any day ! january on tbs . very funny . firedooley	1
lost one of the greats in frank gifford . who can forget those monday night football games with frank dandy don and howard .	0
fiorina bets clinton server wiped clean gop presidential candidate carly fiorina said on friday that she bets de . . .	0
i watched an hour long speedrun of dark souls . . . . . . . .he effin finished the satanic game in . it took me a year and a half c mon	0
all my fsss are already wishing me happy holidays even the ones from israel ! . . . i sure am glad i won t have to work all alone tomorrow .	1
haha i shall . what are you two doing tomorrow night ? ill try to come up to tempe with a friend or two 	1
today was a jay z type of the day . who knows what tomorrow will bring ?	1
i brought up going to see switchfoot in austin on a school night to mom and she was like okay cool . dallas too ! . . . . . .that was too easy .	1
erdogan s election gambit provoking conflict with pkk may backfire . turkey	0
sa anne ka pupunta bukas ? curtis video be the reason why you go to soltura tomorrow ? watch it to find out ! ! !	0
i am in line to meet e l james ! guess i should start on fiftyshades for the th time ! fiftyshadesofgrey	0
 prowrestlinghastaughtme no matter what crimes hulk hogan commits you can never un wear your th grade halloween costume .	0
i have a class at am tomorrow niall you should follow me	0
joes will be off road on monday and tuesday due to the impending storm . stay safe and hope to see you wednesday at drexel !	0
on saturday women in saudi arabia voted and ran for office for the first time women	1
tomorrow it s going to be july and still no frank ocean album	2
some guy is sat in the hotel lobby playing a guitar sorry but you re not ed sheeran	2
tomorrow is new ds monster hunter g . it shall be a grand day . a grand day i say .	1
should u nt have watched the grey last night because walking down a dark driveway when the sun decides to play hookie is not a good time .	2
finally ! apple will stream their september th event for pc users as long as you re on windows using microsoft edge .	1
 justsayin music jason vernau live set nightclub miami february th jason vernau is back with some swe . . .	0
tom cruise may not have aged but m i . . . well . limp bizkit slow motion and the millennium bug .	0
join me in supporting gender equality at the gotopless pride parade this sunday in venice beach !	1
sunday oliseh woes jordan ibe for super eagles super eagles head coach sunday oliseh has revealed that he m . . .	0
cool ! yah lots of stuff going on that night with nuit blanche as well ! it s going to be fun !	1
went to qf with kerry lad who before game hoped that dubs would not beat kerry by a cricket score . game over in st mins cute	2
super eagles coach sunday oliseh says he s happy with the draw point yesterday . did u ? championbydonyom championbydonyom championbydonyom	0
this man frank ocean said all our daughters and our sons . . are just candles in the sun . . . yo .	0
 oh hell no oh hell no dude you want to drive ice cube do the drive by on me hold on don tdoi got this coming wed you onit	0
nothing against ecl and isat u c but it sure is nice being in my own apartment for work . will be even nicer tomorrow when i set up the desktop !	1
prime minister narendra modi met top military officers at the defence ministry war room in delhi on friday .	0
looool plix leave ebuka alone u c my own birthday is may u c and before then is christmas u c valentine u s day	0
 i m sorry . . .that guy i think has just gotten to me is all . . she sat smiling towards naruto but please do not worry . . 	0
idk since batman is a detective he may start to overthink and doubt himself . superman .	0
 rd season dance academy means to me going crazy ! i love it and can t wait 	1
david price is lucky so far . . .nowhere near the same guy as last saturday	1
the same dresden that had led the huge anti islam protests back in january ? mmmh ok ok	0
here s a pic of my son before we took him to see you at training camp today ! he s really a sanchez too !	1
angela merkel is expected to go see tristan amp isolde at bayreuth . i want her job	0
napoleon dynamite may be the most awkward person ever	2
cried for every episode of dream high starting from episode ! ! ! t t tomorrow i shall watch the last and final episode !	1
just caught up on tonight s x factor . genius . never fails to amuse . never seen dermot get mad before total respect for the guy	1
monday with no teen wolf oh okay	2
i have got to win what figure wednesday i know that it is dean ambrose and my instagram is dez is here please ! ! ! ! !	0
rsvp for the annual dinner closes this monday ! be sure you register via the website asap 	1
haha its like big brother watching . sorry we didn t see you what a fantastic wedding saturday was though . catch up soon .	1
mayoroflondon join in tomorrow at the exciting london children u s book swap events for families who love to read ld . . .	1
i don t know what s gonna happen tonight . i don t know what s gonna happen tomorrow kanye west	0
enjoying some for lunch today because it s friday and i m finally finished with thanksgiving leftovers 	1
bradley wiggins with a itt fitting a maillot jaune . british for the stage . also a team sky . spartacus in rd .	0
don t get derby tonight possibly get my man though so that makes it not so bad 	2
excited to go see rise of the planet of the apes tonight	1
you coming to the ole miss game saturday ? ? ? ? hotty toddy ! !	1
i have officially lost any microscopic shred of respect i may have had for kanye west . he is the epitome of ignorance .	2
what a play by arrieta but the execution isn t finished by kris bryant . e his th error of the season . crosstowncup	0
personally i m looking forward to sony s presser tomorrow about the new xperia p	1
gucci is the comp paper due tomorrow or not because we don t have class tomorrow	0
going to see paper towns tomorrow . . . just remembered i wanted to re read it before seeing the film . . .going to crack it out now	1
happy th b day rolling stone magazine thanks for teaching me about good music rock	1
i really wana see foo fighters for the rd time so unreal live	1
 as i said immediately after her fight on saturday if you aren t behind rousey at this point it s envy . if i . . .	0
zayn may have left but the boys do such an amazing job covering his parts . . emabiggestfans d	1
well lexus is taking us all to six flags next sunday so i had to do it now so i could go on over there lol	1
some analysts are beliving that tony romo will have a win against the falcons sunday night . . .yeah ok .	1
hershey for tmh on americas got talent and at metlife last year . i m seeing them again on tuesday you ?	1
i ve been a bob marley fan since like the th grade	1
fuck the discounts . best thing that came out of black friday was kendrick lamar .	1
if you follow ill make you my famous oreo brownie on sunday ! ! ! d deal ? ? xxx	1
i want taylor swift tickets for minnesota this sunday ! ! 	1
pretty accomplished that i was the th comment on justin bieber s insta pic	1
david bowie s new album is coming out january th but fans can get a preview with new single lazarus . 	0
an update on the surprisingly effective fight against boko haram in nigeria . great reporting .	1
bye bye kim k ! taylor swift is the new insta queen washington d .c . sept with her . million followers . . .	0
tgif ! so happy it s friday	1
dbj tech watch for monday news of facebook google microsoft centurylink and more welcome to the denver . . .	0
seriously waiting for tomorrows ep of true blood tomorrow . shits about to get real .	1
tiger is in the terrorist haven under the protective arm of pak ! so u may tweet hang him ! !is yakub innocent ?	2
mass gathering in a single hotel room . mmm chinese . and i could put up with family guy for one night .	1
they kept showing the new mtv monday s commercial at the one direction show and i cried every time bc no teen wolf	0
ahh the polish festival is today and tomorrow ! shoooooooooot . i hope i can make it tomorrow s	1
leo season we still at it ! ! ! ! jett lounge this sunday ! ! ! !	1
 of tory amp ukip voters still want to renationalise the railways as do the st amp nd place cands for lab leader .	2
the rock waded into hulk hogan s ongoing racism controversy thursday telling reporters he was pretty disappo . . .	0
i would tell you to bring curtis but i don t want to be the rd wheel	0
 video the last day of occupation will be the first day of peace milan oct th 	0
taylor swift will be hours away from me tomorrow i want to cry	1
trina will be in n .o . friday . . . .i stop supporting her the day i found out she was in thibodaux at the showcase lol	2
tomorrow it s my birthday and well it would mean the world to me if a specific guy names niall would notice me	1
leggo watch breaking dawn on the th after the fair ! 	1
if rousey s fighting in oz that mean i can be out amp about on a pretty nice little saturday of errands as white brahs twitter slobber ?	0
hey i reserved my copy of back in june but i haven t been invited to download . any updates on the timeline ?	2
you may be muslim if you deliberately amp disingenuously label criticism of islam as criticism of muslims in an attempt to silence the critic	0
wait . people claim hillary is showing her humanity because she chokes up talking about her dead mother ? that may be the lowest bar ever .	2
will fleetwood mac s go your own way ever not make me wanna cry lmao it already made me sad but since march it s reminded me of zayn	0
have you ever been to an ed sheeran concert ? bc i just got back from my nd one and i almost passed out	0
anyone wanna go to the red sox with me tomorrow	0
are you showing the juventus game this saturday at pm et ?	0
no freefall to see here . rand is in a virtual tie with ben carson scott walker and marco rubio . tie for nd among voters under .	0
selena s greatest hits album is set to come out november th amp it s called for you it will include new songs amp old songs she s done .	0
grateful dead show in san diego on the th . save the date .	1
upset that the publishing company is acting like go set a watchman is a new book . . really it s just the st draft of to kill a mockingbird	2
ravens vs the eagles thursday night its going fuckin down teamravens no fuckin competition	2
fact of the day halloween night is papa john u s second busiest night of the year behind super bowl sunday .	0
wait . i dont get it . hulk hogan is now the th candidate for republican primary ? msnbc x coverage to follow im sure .	0
wishin my first stop was port charles ! ! ! only thru the dvr portal ! ! happy friday !	1
who s in milan in february ? you won t want to miss this ! milano 	0
once again dustin johnson is a leader in the clubhouse after his st rd of a major . whistling straits was made for his game pgachamp	0
today the last two wisconsin recalls for now keep up the extraordinary work wisconsin !	1
tomorrow morning my bike community kgb will exercise roadbiking on sudirman road but i m not going because i have to go to church	2
 writing s on the wall is the theme song for spectre . sam smith is the artist . look forward to hearing it on the th .	1
i want to thank u and for meeting me at westfield parramatta on friday	1
arsenal midfielder theo walcott is linked to a move to camp nou the upcoming	0
someone come with me to see tory lanez on sept th	0
ive been with nirvana since sat it was a date every night	1
i m shmacked st . patrick s day at wvu to start my saturday off the right way .	0
will be presenting on the th i will come we talk about some stuff	1
apple filed its annual k report with the sec for fy on wednesday u c showing just how much the company has grown .	1
thank you guys so much for all the support tonight ! it was fun ! hopefully i ll be back tomorrow with dark souls !	1
oh . well last time i saw colleges don t look at pssas . so if we want to compare how are your sat scores and gpa ?	0
okay so the first one is shawns twin the nd is actually shawn the rd is ew get away idek you	0
deeply saddened by the sudden death of frank gifford . he will always be the voice of monday night football for me .	1
you may be interested in my memoir oy vey my daughter s gay would love you to read review share it	0
seems fraud baghdadi s desperate with cheap shot against israel because he can t get muslim support for his state 	2
threw her off . . . .i may listen to all my gangsta shit out and about . . . but when im in my room its all last poets war gil scott and curtis	0
flowers again for toni next sunday ? hehe ! congratulations to the ultimate multimedia star toni gonzaga !	1
apparently there is no nightime in jersey between june amp july it s constantly twilight ! who knew ?	0
i hope dana white reveals he was kidding just to see trump tweet tomorrow that he never liked him 	2
speaking of mark cuban . . . are you going to watch sharknado tomorrow ? 	0
for inbetweeners movie next wednesday going for the pm showing at cineworld in town everyone to book their own tix 	0
ufc president dana white told the los angeles times on wednesday that holly holm will fight ronda rousey and said a ju . . . sportsnews us	0
this saturday at . pm australian times the janoskians will be hosting their top favourite songs on mtv hits .	1
if you can see chuck norris he can see you . if you can t see chuck norris you may be only seconds away from death .	0
pretense promoting ibm machine accessories november have place sound the clobber oneself sexual desire vice plug ! udiqh	0
 tgit and kerry and tony s little dance so cute and the cast is fab . . . looking forward to thursday s telly ! !	1
but tonight when i went to see madonna at the scottrade when i walked in i started crying because i thought about last saturday .	2
do you own a nissan titan in bisbee jim click wants to be your one stop automotive destination . visit us at	0
i ll believe it when i see it . i won t fall for this again see frank ocean 	0
next monday vampire diaries are back ! watch it very happy now 	1
watching cate blanchett acceptance speeches with as one does on the tuesday before christmas	0
niall would you follow us if we ran down the hallways at school tomorrow blasting steal my girl ?	1
it s friday . day weekends upon us . won red sox tickets for tonight . and i get out of work early to go winning bestfridayever mommynme	1
fleetwood mac is def what monday afternoons are all about . i also want to be bestie with stevie nicks . . . .	1
nollywood rising with october kunle afolayan is the most important ambassador the nigerian government does no . . .	1
 wbb first media timeout ssu trails armstrong in the nd half .	0
you may spend more time in the washroom than a rousey fight after eating this	2
all presidents of american except one are or have been related to the monarchy . david cameron is her th cousin . . . neutral on a wed at am the queen always calls david cameron and pretends to be frank bruno . cameron falls for it every time queenfacts neutral david cameron says that there may well be case for isc to scrutinise drone strikes but it will not be able to look at current operations negative every voter in scotland is being betrayed because david cameron and theresa may make all our msp s job impossible . gchq spies bbcdp pmqs negative pathetic and misleading response by david cameron to question on th form college funding . he obviously just doesn t care . neutral israel protects europe from extreme islam he will meet with prime minister david cameron on thursday to discu . . . neutral david cameron mp rt hon theresa may mp boris johnson little yousef needs you to help sign the . . . negative i m going to digi tomorrow amp i m so scared negative sorry i cant go to digi tomorrow i really want to . . ill never meet you all neutral digi is tomorrow so i m gonna try to have my mom take me to cleveland so i can wait outside the venue bc i don t have tickets positive i m just trynna meet and if she s gonna be at digi tour tomorrow ! positive omg ! i wish this was myself . i m going to digi fest tomorrow . .but don t have vip . positive are you going to digi tomorrow positive i really hope madison goes to digi tomorrow because i want to meet her positive possibly going to digi tomorrow with nib and macky . . . . positive yes um sunsation omg digifest bedtime stories and i m going to digi again september neutral really want to go to digi tomorrow but really can t be arsed with how much of a physco i turn into after one vodka positive i m gonna dm you the user and password for the snapchat account and you just post on it tomorrow at digi neutral yo ugly are you ready for digi tomorrow ? positive i apologize for my tweets i m going to digi amp meeting all the baes tomorrow so i m sorry in advance neutral have a separate meet up tomorrow w everyone while youre still down here i m dying to meet you but i can t go to digi neutral i could be going to digi tomorrow but i thought i was supposed to be seeing the girls but they cancelled lmao positive johnson i m meeting you in september at digi in houston ! are you as excited to meet me as i am to meet you ? neutral i m going to miss so many broadcast at digi tomorrow because of this dm an tournament positive everyone that is going to digi tomorrow you will have a bomb ass time neutral you going to digi in october positive if your going to digi tomorrow and want to get me a video from grant landis i d really love you negative digi is tomorrow and im not going positive if you guys wanna see some snapchat stories of like hayes and all the other peeps tomorrow at digi go add me on snap ssecrist neutral green environment five fascinating facts that you may not know about sea turtles digi . . . wild planet earth positive seeing videos of them performing at digi has made me excited to see the jacks in november positive i know when i met him the rd time at digi when we stage kissed i started crying when he hugged me amp he just kept saying ily positive ahahah mate we will speak on your birthday night out fancy going out next monday ? digi neutral wish i can meet her on the st but i am going to digi positive so i gave up on buying tix to slay bells in december . then ic the creativecollab tour and find out it is digi . is following me man positive digimon . . . digi . . . mon . . . digital . . . monsters ! omg ! they re digital . . . monsters ! i get it now ! and they re the champions ! neutral when digi tour leaves you cause you don t know what no means positive digi is mixing it up tonight lets get taco ! ! ! ! ! ! ! positive digi was on the th but i didn t go but im going to slaybells neutral it s our authorized digi specialized store at tesco puchong . you may check with them as well . however . . . neutral digi with the girls is going to be a disaster tomorrow i can feel the crying already neutral if digi isn t the same as last monday am ganna be so unhappy positive is it even possible to go to digi on a monday without getting paralytic neutral idk if imma survive not tweeting digi tomorrow because a lot of people aren t even tweeting them unless i make them . . . . . neutral your own digi number you may try one of these method dial followed by your d . . . neutral affirmative on the hulkbuster ! ! ! digi s a just a tad excited . . . positive papertowns fanscreen the best night of my life was february where i almost got to meet you but i met lots of amazing people ! digi neutral r u going to digi tomorrow neutral i don t think matt is doing anything with digi for hou dallas i may be wrong neutral gonna pre order . but i don t know if i should get digi . or pys . copies or where to get it . because it may depend neutral things digi s playing life is strange eps on monday and stopping by might spoil it for you unnecessarily and . . negative going to digi on a day which isn t a monday just seems weird and so wrong in many ways . positive finally going to go to digi on thursday for results night . ahhhh i can t wait negative why is holly trying to guilt me into going to digi tomorrow night negative if you see someone getting pummeled to the ground in digi tomorrow it ll be me chinning cause she s a fucking cheeky cunt positive the only thing good about a monday is digi ben tait k . .he nas	0
dude this new iron maiden album is frikken awesome to the th degree .	1
just because i made up a th or th tails i forgot . if you watch naruto then you already . .but i m over it .	0
there s a bit of pj harvey going on today .	0
you are top billing to shakespeare in google but nd in wiki . one u c a master of english the other u c from stratford . shatoetry	0
ftr u c re osu texas . . .the last half of the th quarter of the fiesta bowl was u c at the time u c the greatest then worst game i u ve seen in person	0
enjoyed the flotus today in fl ! u r brilliant . . .simply put ! glad i voted saturday obama duval	1
 seahawks qb russell wilson was asked about an incident on sideline last sunday where cameras appeared to have caught an angry doug baldwin .	0
oomf just told me league pass is free till the th	0
on this day october year old days old lionel made his official league debut for barca by coach frank rijkaard . . .xo happy for you . . .	1
selling day for a night free press passes ft . kendrick lamar . for day pass . kendrick performs tomorrow at p .m . hmu if interested	1
urban wants braxton to train with tim tebow in the off season ! ! i say yes ! may not be a good qb u c but the dude is smart works hard	1
i hope the nd . bad blood have already peaked and the hype is kinda over .	0
 i can imagine what chris has said about me . he blushed a little . i don t know for certain yet but bucky and thor may gt 	0
the mta will be at mondawmin metro station from pm today to celebrate the baltimore grand prix . we ll have a race car for you to see !	1
aww my celebrity day is this thursday also u c going as jennifer hudson though 	0
white sox take the lead mariners white sox bottom st	0
ok anyone believe joe biden may make a run at it ?	0
karlie kloss celebrates rd birthday by baking cake karlie kloss at the new york premiere of paper towns o . . .	0
david cameron theresa may you turn you back on this you shame us all . bri	2
working these a days lol about too pay off it s al .out time ps should be in the spot this thursday	0
so caitlyn jenner may face manslaughter charges . the jokes just write themselves these days . . . transcriminal	2
i want my th birthday to be hosted by fps russia . that u d be epic .	1
don t fuck it up get some good shots this is my st bbc . . .but not my last . . .and i m going shopping after this . . . .	0
sad news today what a great player . rt pavol demitra has died in the russian plane crash .	2
yeah . i just expect cyborg to accuse the ufc and rousey of being afraid of her when the dec fight doesn t get booked .	0
since you u re in asia u c good morning ! xo can u t wait for november . 	1
ronda rousey fight on facebook may fuel copyright critics . . . facebook fb . the ufc and rousey at least . . .	0
the bulls will be the th or th seed . drose will hopefullycome back just before the playoffs . don t see them doing much there .	1
tomorrow i am going to see sam smith live and it still is not real to me	1
kind of want to go to yoga kind of want to stay here and watch freaky friday	0
so i would guess that seth rollins will be kissing the belt good bye sunday most likely	0
omg i may have a chance to still go to the sam smith concert !	1
i just realized that the only ukiss member that hyung jun following is kevin . .	0
i feel bad for camila after all . . st ausmila for publicity cus i don t believe that shit was real now with shawn . . let the girl be in love	2
sun in the sky you know how i feel burningman sunset ninasimone days ! venice beach	1
the lakings hve been so good on nhl that the real team might disappoint me . jeff carter has goals thru january . isthatpossible	1
don t wait til the last minute to book your booths and get tix for soundboard on march th . . .you will live to regret it !	2
finally after almost hours mass effect is in the books . time for hours of sleep hours of work and starting me tomorrow .	1
charles hamilton black box is on friday only if he was focused he would have been up there with cole and kendrick	2
arrival of ship arabian tahr port abu dhabi time nov am utc time of arrival departure is the time the vessel app . . .	0
crappity crap ! i m always away when he comes to town ! paul mccartney to play acc on oct . 	2
 news tfi friday will not return as chris evans only has time for top gear it s been claimed the show s r . . .	0
let s see if i can wrap up season three of dexter tonight only more episode to go till the season finale . roll on series four please !	0
i was jst going to tweet . . . yknow youre in sb when its and youre still walking down dp with midterms on friday ! lol ! !	1
ren fair with owain tomorrow . fluff yes	1
 great to be st game on a sunday . .i get to watch my fave show on tv . .sarah g live magical night with sarah g .	1
james is going seeing the foo fighters tomorrow and i am very jealous	0
jason aldean was the best concet of the summer for the rd straight year	1
ok i remember where i was when josh hamilton had the massive st round etc in and hats off to bcuz that was epic also ! !	1
 .exclusive .united agreed a four year deal with zlatan ibarhimovic deal in may and are now in serious talks psg	1
on november sprint will start selling the galaxy tab with lte with a price tag of . 	0
frank ocean should just wait until winter to drop his album now i have a feeling it may be needed then	0
i can t figure out why josh hamilton isn t playing tonight	2
as some of you may know u c we have a fish tank this little guy is named jeff carter . sadly u c i think he u s dying	2
only going on friday pulled apart by horses band of skulls eagles of death metal joy formidable mark lanegan . . .	0
getting there slowly mate ! have you seen there are riots in london tonight ? i only just noticed myself and i am not even drunk	0
thanks for an amazing season thor ! have a happy amp healthy winter and we ll see you in february ! lgm	1
tie it to gay marriage meatless friday s and the removal of certain cereals from sdh	0
interestingly too big to fail was also the title of the pep talk that was given to melissa mccarthy this morning .	0
what will kanye west st lady be doing when he becomes us president ? turn white house to nude playing ground .	0
amy schumer and jerry seinfeld headline a show in support of the th anniversary of baby buggy via	1
can t wait til we play psg on saturday night and zlatan and van gaal hugging and joking with each other press and fans wil go into meltdown	1
rahul gandhi to lead member party delegation to the president on nov for demanding a deadline in the probe of faridkot firing .	0
and the red sox too lol rt rt st place yankees whoohooooooo fuck yeah babyyyy !	1
over the next few years george osborne might not be mr popular but he may be mr right	1
first record i can find of peter davison working for the bbc is all creatures great and small began on bbc jan . doctorwho	1
had a dream about a chardon football last night . makes me wanna go to the game tomorrow	0
watch jurassic world on august right here at the park with wonderfulcanhappen	0
imaaa make darrell take me to the movies on the th . teamspoiled	0
glad to see the coaches are paying attention to their poll . auburn which is likely to finish th in sec west no . in country ?	1
in a world where kanye west is president and miley cyrus performs a song saying she smoke pot and love peace i may as well kill myself !	2
there s no meeting of minds when it comes to terror . as tony blair once said defeat it or be defeated by them . 	2
we live in the jersey shore area . no power since mon . disgusted with the response of disaster ! ! !	2
can we just talk about this black friday freestyle from kendrick lamar and j . cole who had the harder freestyle ?	0
does psplus automatically push save game data to the cloud ? i think my ps may have died ? ? hoping i didn t lose my mgsvtpo save data . .	2
panthers are about to smack green bay sunday . starting to look healthier out there	1
kris bryant his a two run home run in the th to tie it but then joey votto hits go ahead run homer in the th . reds cubs	0
had a little trip out to the old town of albuquerque could easily be mexico or spain ! off to vegas moz should get there monday morning !	0
entertainment ac dc rocks the big o monday night 	1
can t wait to go to the uga vs . ole miss game on saturday ! toomuchexcitement	1
some people feel the rain others just get wet bob marley rainydays tuesday nycctseek citytech cuny	1
sitting on the floor in the upper room where the sat waiting on outpouring of holy ghost on day of pentecost .	0
i like to pretend that all didn t happen amp just picture them on valentine s day when haley is pregnant with their nd child	0
october people have principles . . argue passionately for them u c about them act on them . ghandi u c sadat u c adt u c me !	1
watching friday after next on vh sucks . . . every other damn word is bleeped out . we all know what it really says . just let it be . damn	2
although george orwell may have predicted big brother he likely never imagined it would be so voluntary	2
 desperately attempts to recover his monster hunter portable rd character save in the middle of a sem . break crisis 	2
new link with times shishi odori deer dance from tohoku in london on sept .	0
good morning bomb squad family ! i hope you all have a lovely saturday !	1
get the best mascara in the industry here ! im wearing younique mascara for my big day saturday if that does not . . .	1
another estella video you may not have seen	0
manning will probably win the mvp . his th right ? unreal .	1
nicki minaj confronts miley cyrus live on stage at the vma s . sunday night nicki called miley out in a way that . . .	0
look for a live version of just older it s one of my favorites . and if they play blaze of glory in july i ll die . lt 	1
bring italy movie called u tomorrow u back on sbs u c about earthquake film .	0
abhi tu ankh se anso nikal rha hain nxt eid pr teri gand se blood aa gaye lolxx th day crores	0
preview of the december issue out november cate blanchett styled by christine centenera and photographed by . . .	0
happy monday ! stop by volare tonight for roasted duck ! half roasted crispy duck served with baby spinach and . . .	1
couple spare tickets for circoloco on saturday . plus we also got transport to amp from the destination . get me or text me of ur interested .	0
rt for all the real men out there . . . monday night football is on . . if ur watching basketball wives instead i got words . . .	1
grammy winner sam smith performing in concert starting in perth sat nov then right around the country finishing in brisbane sat dec	1
rt remembering the good times with pavol demitra i was there on this night . . . .deeply saddened by todays tragedy . . .	2
so happy tomorrow is star wars day ! !	1
brilliant steve bell cartoon on david cameron and the refugee crisis	1
tomorrow presidential candidates ted cruz and donald trump are heading up a rally in our nation s capital opposing the obama iran deal .	0
hi how are you now were are you am back to china for eid after eid im planned to go please call me may number 	0
tonight ! ! ! we proudly pres . our th halloween party with limewax many more this time at studio twenty one 	1
world bank praises electricity access improvements in malaysia from previous th now it is th in position bnbagus	1
went to see wwa film on saturday mate . . . . . . . they didnt have it up outside but i took a pic anyway	1
pretty floater by bentley over charles . she has bone . .sun . stokes with the layin for her first hoop	0
assassins creed iii may just be the best game ever . gamingitup	1
live review of montreal u c neighborhood theatre u c on tuesday night at neighborhood theatre u c the crowd . . .	0
pm ready for reply on coal blocks congress new delhi u c aug ians with the bharatiya janata party bjp . . .	1
all these talkatives sef . . . . shey you don clear your sef from the boko haram mess ? aproko	2
do i go to the colombia game on wednesday to see james rodriguez . . . . nah fuckzuniga	0
happy friday ! ! ! watching this gives me hope in our youth . out of all the rambling kanye west did this past . . .	1
kane and rooney last night . . . . .may have been the ugliest strike partnership of all time . horrifying	2
may the th ? nah today is star wars day !	1
psa national ice cream day is tomorrow july th . i just thought everyone should know .	1
 phone arena lg may update the optimus x to ics after all releases source code	0
watching nightmare before christmas for the first time in a long time . it holds up but i may be biased cause danny elfman sings the songs .	1
who wants to take me to the fairground u s or williamsport u s fireworks tomorrow !	0
photos may not come tonight . updated to windows reset computer and now it doesn t remember which photos it has and is currently 	2
 happy valentines day awkward cuz its def not february th in the u .s . . . .	1
 baadshaho to release on th jan directed by milan lutharia starring if you excited	1
off to bed there s only one kenny miller .well done you lions well done my rd team pompey	1
caitlyn jenner s a new member of the t community she is working for true self acceptance let s welcome her !	1
ben smith smith concussion remains out of the lineup thursday curtis nhl sj	0
rainbow mika is in sfv ! yes ! did my st project predict this when i had her beat randy orton for the wwe title to prove capcom a point ?	1
diego sanchez has shown interest in a fight with conor mcgregor . douglas crosby may possibly be his only hope .	1
can t wait to see my ravens beat the steelers tomorrow .	1
psa since i got my cast off u c i will be taking my k talents to the playstation network and asking for names to play me saturday morning !	0
frank ocean october me oh shit ! is that when the album drops ? frank no that s my birthday . . . . me fuck that when the album dropping ?	0
you just gotta ignite the light and let it shine just own the night like the th of july katy perry	1
can u t wait for january to roll around with raylan givens and some new episodes of justified . bamf	1
china nine arrested in crackdown against christians as row about church crosses continues	2
bored ? check out the st of articles i am writing for on christians and cultural interaction !	0
i have to admit john kasich may be the most competent person on the stage . . .	1
 event see you on saturday at kpop fun run ! . . .	1
idk why people are bashin on kanye west . if u think about it the man really be speakin the truth . he may be an ass times but he s smart .	0
please refrain from interupting dan s rants on dana white with a stupid ass sunday countdown commercial . . . k ? thanks !	2
favourite this tweet if you want seth rollins to wins or retweet if you want john cena to win tomorrow nigh on summerslam . follow for cena .	0
davis love the rd is winning titles at and tiger woods well damn man .	0
in your bio you mention july th does that mean that you are going to the d concert at the maverik center like me ?	0
 on the sun on the dunks . perm pressed hair smells like sharon stone .	0
alright that was the last one for tonight i promise i ll do zayn and liam spams tomorrow . keep voting ! emabiggestfans d	1
i always enjoyed watching monday night football when frank gifford and company called the games .	1
november happy veteran day ? seriusly i m not agree with the word war because that means innocent people . . .	1
seth rollins leaves hotel with cops on saturday night news wwe	0
on to the th inning at fenway park . the red sox lead the phillies to . david ortiz with career home run and has knocked in runs	0
they say rd times the charm but this is my rd time in israel and today i got lost in jaffa for hours	2
capello says time for russia to win big match russia manager fabio capello on thursday said that he intended to . . .	0
feeling sick happy i don t have to take the sats tomorrow	1
aaliyah also known as having her nd album listed in rolling stone s best albums of the s	1
just realized i don t miss you that much . the sun is out . nothing is better than today . i have reached nirvana . i think i need to pee .	1
arun jaitley invites rahul gandhi to his daughter s wedding new delhi nov as the wedding season is going . . .	0
sure jan . the queen is madonna and always will be . get the fuck over it	1
having marched people to the top of the hill more than once tsipras may find the greek people have tired of his grand old duke of york act .	0
league ? rt i just found that barcelona and real madrid are playing on sunday . . . i need sleeping pills . . .	2
 interview kim hyung jun interview with sina new drama is coming soon and new album in february 	0
if you coming to my house saturday in the morning you aren t coming back lol i m going to knott s	0
you just broke the th commandment bo thou shall not intentionally piss off brock lesnar	0
wwe monday night raw is going to be hilarious i can t wait for this and brock lesnar	1
did you explain to him how qatar your backers amp saudi arabia were responsible for its destruction ?	2
well whatever their reasons for voting ukip they can t have been the latter though may have been former .	0
niall s leg hair will fry if he keeps letting it be under the sun	0
 free nascar tickets to the lvms truck race this saturday in vegas dayton or carson city 	0
let s go ld ! let s keep it up for next weeks american out against prince george !	0
i feel you u c game game rillos u c dutch ls u c standard procedure . might have to send him on a nd mission lol	0
i noticed erdogan standing in that mosque whilst the rest were kneeling . interesting snapshot is all i m saying .	2
cheaper carbon replaces silicon in solar panels tweet washington u c nov ians researchers have built the first . . .	0
my last rt is what i m being to philly tomorrow for niall ! you should go check it out and rt j	1
watching dustin johnson on saturday and sunday is amazing . the guy just can t do it . ever	1
busy week us at on the th at on the th n noah at kl live on the th u comin ?	0
happy birthday gay see you monday . imma fucking jump on you okay ! have a good day my love love you lots	1
registering for my act u s and sat u s at the last minute i am so tired	2
monarchs ii v madras goals from and capt . teare in the nd half gave the second team another great win midland hockey fig	1
 carpool lebanon lanecommunitycollege eugene planning on going to lcc starting winter term in jan . . . rideshare	0
all i want tomorrow is for stoke to get rid of shotton and a few others u c bring in a lb cam and st but knowing pulis cb cb cb	0
i rate lee dickson but danny care has to be on the bench sat for the nd test mins with tired legs he will be dangerous rugby saeng	2
rt if twilight wins all the awards at the tca s tonight i will burn my twilight posters k ? ok .	1
the miff winner across the sea film by esra saydam cqnl screening in milan italy september th	0
deaaall lets do it on monday and get adalet and jenelle to judge ! you might wanna start practising now 	1
love the euro tracks they play on z every wednesday night at city nightclub ! ! tonymonaco	1
ya which plans lol ? and btww amreen can t even come friday to the msa event she has a bday 	2
hi i absolutely loved testimony of faith about frank gifford on this mon am . beautiful tribute !	1
for sure my ninja hit me up wednesday if you re not doing anything i m gonna have to stop smoking in october but im gucci til then	0
i wanna wake up tomorrow with dunkin by my bed that would be the best birthday breakfast ever .	1
will you guys be open for the am arsenal v chelsea game on the th ? i ll bring breakfast !	0
h m delivery is so shit . i ordered things and paid extra for next day delivery on saturday and it still hasn u t come	2
really sucks that if i didn t have school tomorrow i would ve been able to see shawn tonight	2
yes u c dickens tomorrow night indeed . you too . charles dickens tavern on collins st . get there mins before ko .	0
 bluejays score in th beat red sox turn your photo into a baseball card on the iphone 	0
by martyn herman st andrews scotland july reuters more than hours after dustin johnson began his second round at the	0
november st entire italy is taking day off to celebrate my birthday ! it s ognissanti all saint s day and . . .	1
dark souls spooky scary halloween party in chasm of the abyss tomorrow ! all platforms 	0
big thurs coming in hs football richwood ouachita u c grambling ocs u c st . fred will have you covered all wk	0
seth mcfarlane set to host the th academy awards in february . what do you think of that choice ?	0
they really just used a rousey analogy for osu ? c mon man .	2
the honeymoon seems over for newly appointed super eagles coach sunday oliseh who will tonight hit the abuja . . .	0
mine just went back to nikon for the th time for shutter bounce came back the other day with a scratched baseplate fun .	0
we re not dead yet just busy setting up figments media . we promise to have an update sometime monday do you want mk or star wars weekends ?	1
ice cube talking with film critic jonathon nettles right now . watch the interview tomorrow morning at am .	0
friday s are so hard cause you can t go on anything without almost finding out what happens in tvd	2
goal tomorrow at the state fair is to win a bob marley hat with the braids	1
friday s top gerald green rises above the everyone in friday s top .	0
sungkyunkwan scandal for the rd time ! ! ! can u t get enough of park yoochun u c park minyoung u c song joongki and especially yoo ah in ! 	1
tell everyone that is wanting to do jags that we u re starting pratices this sunday from at the greenville gym .	0
the clinton nd time then bush then kerry then i must confess obama .	0
tomorrow ashould i go for the gay look or the artblogger who probably has a kanken look	0
michael wants to the dc game tomorrow	0
going to see paper towns tomorrow before dance with meh bestie ! ! so hyped ! ! papertownsmovie	1
saturday nite sun morning is end of daylight savings . fall back . if you thought it was dark in the morning before . . . . . .	0
david wright in the mets lineup tonight puts such a big smile on my face . if this team is destined for october he deserves to be there .	1
ric flair says he was rooting for john cena wwe raw results 	0
it s national ice cream day ? i may have to do something about that . . .	1
sunday night or monday morning i leave for virginia i m stoked . also going to watch paper towns with my sister tonight wish me luck	1
wonderful gesture carried out by the colombian star team and real madrid james rodriguez on friday ahead of the friendly match against blah .	1
looking forward to seeing what s going to happen in lesotho tomorrow . . .parliament is opening . . .fact gt governments of coalition don t work	1
day two of graphing the cubs tomorrow . tough team . will kris bryant or jon lester sign ? find out tomorrow on graphing with cj . rackcity	0
i hope it s not like this tomorrow cause i m not going to stand in line for sam smith lol	0
i may have just thrown a lime at an nfl player . apologies forthcoming ivaluemylife	2
a dance on december th for all the cheerleaders in the district at east	0
do you know what tomorrow is ? ? ? it s national hot dog day ! ! what jci dog are you coming to enjoy with us tomorrow ? ?	1
white sox have runners on corners with out and are trailing in th . ramirez up beckham pinch running at st for laroche .	0
 retirement moves little known ira shift may save you money featuring professor david littell via cnbc . . . .	0
c u mon rita i know you can do better !	1
we will have the lovely kerry from actiderm here on friday morning to showcase some of her fabulous products . . .	1
got a call with digi tomorrow they want meh	0
blessed friday to all of us the muslims may allah forgive us about the mistakes we ve done	1
can we get him to beat out the wanted atleast he s in like th please i love him he deserves it ed sheeran	1
registered for grantwriting wkshp in chelsea qc sept . ! anyone in gatineau going to event ? need transpo . pv me . thanks !	1
 amazon prime day appeared on wednesday at the th place in the top of edinburgh s trends trndnl	0
tuesday movie nite i t park ! start w fishhouse dinner then cross the street for jurassic park pm at nd beach	1
i need some people to go to jason aldean with next friday !	0
gucci bags he fearlessness november impart the twosome thy module modernistic tie in for for organic tiffsqare	0
as promiscuous reader lol you might like my book the persian paradox available on amazon st woman potus china iran drama	0
ian mcewan on charlie hebdo facing down hatred with laughter via	2
so how is everyone s sunday going ? i was awakened by surprisingly making a lot of sense about tom brady on	1
munchkin steam guard electric sterilizer . amazon prime only may not be the best steri	0
next saturday the s are home to lechlade whilst the s are at trowbridge . matches now start mins earlier see p amp p of handbook 	0
 tbt kidrock kidrockcruise june . . .on the cover of the rolling stone first time 	0
the insider south africa can steal a march with robot olympics pitch	0
get your wednesday started with tom cruise dancing to ludacris	1
i need someone to come see ed sheeran with me this saturday in dallas	0
stone brewing s pasadena store officially opens tomorrow right by the del mar gold line station via	0
it u s digitalwednesday ! if you want an mp of keep your foot on the devil u s neck u c be one of the st people to respond i do ! 	1
not about brady . nd time cheating w no punishment ! tom brady i am sorry our league had to endure deflategate 	2
wednesday night i had a half an hour chat about arsenal with antonio carluccio . standard	0
an informal networking day about digital publishing u c bethnal green u c nov . . . .	0
the bbc are asking if last night u s carling cup th round tie between reading and arsenal was the greatest cup tie of all time . honestly .	1
rumor blackhawks may have traded niklas hjalmarsson to the oilers for sam gagner . stay tuned .	0
 aug one day countries philippines egypt afghanistan infidels murdered by muslims tcot ccot teaparty tgdn	2
is selling justin bieber tickets next to each other for manchester on the sat night for a little over face value . dm him	0
love those sun mountain bags .had fun at lough erne roll on the grove .	1
dustin johnson with his traditional sunday meltdown at a major bottleless	0
looking forward to sharing ibm s open source journey at the open for business day on sep in hebden bridge	1
competition time ! ! ! ! last sunday at the vma s kanye west announced he will be running for president of the united . . .	0
it s thuuuuuursday and my bestie is arriving tomorrow antonio carluccio shortly after that and then a fabulous event with reiss on tuesday !	1
wildcat workout october st in the old gym at pm ! ! fvsu rrrrrrtttttt	0
kylie jenner kicks off th birthday celebration with family dinner including kris and caitlyn jenner ! cai . . .	0
getting ready for cha reunion september on campus in murray . it s also family weekend with a football . . .	0
just won a pair of amp tickets for ventura tomorrow anyone want the extra tix ?	1
 . . . .eid . . . . mubarak may allah bless u foreve with all of his b	1
congratulations to all the idiots rioting in nth london tonight suppose we ll see you in the education related protests soon singlecell	2
even though we just play troy this saturday u c i still can u t wait to watch tennessee play ! truevolfan gobigorange	1
check out this contest to win of party packages from amp for the july th event at the kee !	0
out here in venice beach finna watch the sun rise	1
what s the theme for the game tomorrow step it up curtis	0
is it true lmfao are there tomorrow ? ?	0
counting down the days for rolling stone pool side party !sat august at pm	1
bob marley was featured on the cover of fifa s the weekly magazine last friday ! .	1
you may be glad to see christianity die . but islam will replace it not follow christianity s example . and then you may have . .	2
good luck tonight the teen choice awards i know twilight is gonna take them all ! ! ill b watching xoxo	1
naruto cards tcg ccg angering the beast foil st edi rare combined shipping	0
the back page of the star on sunday have atletico madrid sniffing around a chelsea goalie . after thibaut courtois . . .	0
ibm collation c exam question ibm certified specialist c play around with may endorsed . . .	0
time for james harden points to step aside and let jeremy lin takeover the th linsanity sarcasm	2
universal may have survived the selfie stick invasion . . . but now it must face the sharknado . . . .	0
kpop idols work hard . stay in school kpop idols oh hi we re having a concert btw it s on tuesday at like pm during school .	0
if you live in the south orlando area u c be on the lookout . has its th site opening on october th near the florida mall !	0
fall classic at blue diamond that u s about it for now for early nov .	0
john meaning rd and th letters are c and p u c for child porn u c and the guy u s name is john . he u s recruiting at the game .	2
so i asked a diehard fsu fan about the game against dook on sat they are kinda worried about coach cut his coastal division leading team	0
another saturday where it seems like plan b is gonna take over .	0
tomorrow morning it will be usa vs brazil live on sony six hd at am . bravusa usavbra	1
headed to the bottom of the th . east coweta north cobb and with rbi hits off the fence to push run lead .	0
its this week ! catch kina grannis live in manila on wednesday august ! have you got your tickets yet ? 	0
i love the bee gees version but i may love this one a little more .	1
watching act of valor . looking forward to ultimatfighterfridays next friday really think has the contract in the bag	1
fyi this pic is actually from the charlie hebdo tragedy in january . french police are advising people to not gather .	2
sept ps game consoles may experience issues accessing certain network services . it is aware of the issue and is actively working on it .	0
dati sopa at pipa u c ngayon cyber crime law ? ! may i know what u s the content of this law first ? boom u c charot !	0
from to rebecca black how happy are you it s friday ? here s the live seriea tv sched for us amp can to make it happier	1
here is the nip slip that happened yesterday on good morning america . . . .and nicki minaj is not happy but abc has . . .	2
jennifer lawrence is scheming a fashion related prank with amy schumer for awards season lawrence may have al . . .	0
jesus shuttlesworth heat vs lakers ralph mcquarrie top femalelies is lamar odom really going to the d league ?	0
es open interest . k new shorts on wednesday k short covering yesterday . not that many shorts out there today its all about the bulls	0
black friday has such a minor role for yakub it s not even funny . considering he s the only one who got the death penalty . justsaying	2
also . . .sun belt barn burner on the u . . .mtsu just took a kick to the house to go up on western kentucky mtsu	0
monday i know that since the activities of boko haram are all against humanity god will soon expose them . their end is near .	2
i hope there s a straight outta compton dvd extra where you see ice cube write all of friday and laugh at every joke as he does .	1
else you just end up in some horrible censorship whirlpool . then you may as well be saudi arabia .	0
 apr david cameron tells fruitcakes loonies it s time to come home gt war is won	2
 before the smoke had fully cleared the th appears directly behind naruto rasengans aimed straight towards his face . 	0
national hot dog day is tomorrow according to that calendar you found .	1
curtishowell thanks curtis ! sent this over to the team to get fixed up asap . have a good sunday ! via moz	1
some of the calgary runners heading to nyc are going to be cleaning up debris on friday at rockaway beach . great story .	1
i have either just made an awesome king cake for work tomorrow . . .or the worst darn thing to ever hit a persons mouth . . .we shall see	0
 i don u t care i u m bringing out the concords tomorrow . don u t ! ! ! ! ! ! !	2
hi i am only in la for week and my dream is to meet you . i will be at venice beach saturday please make a sign thank you so much	1
my cre blog oklahoma per square foot returns to the blog hub tomorrow . i will have some interesting local data to share .	1
sting may be apppearing tonight how many times have we heard that in the last months ? i ll believe it when i hear the crows . raw	0
 nd half in match with pires he takes me out from behind u c only yellow card of game . scar still proud on calf	1
bowling doubles tomorrow . hope everything will be good tomorrow . let the luck be with us . sukipt 	1
holm won t beat rousey . she may land a few good punches but she ll get dropped on her head and submitted . ufcnashville	0
khader adnan waving a palestinian flag as he is welcomed in his village of arraba u c in the west bank . april th . gaza	1
why do i continue to call shawn a kid when he is older than me ? the world may never know	0
rehab update jhoan urena replaces david wright at b in the bottom of the th .	0
 entertainment buzz one of the boys by katy perry cd jun capitol katyperry auction	0
august st . also known as the day in the summer mario lemieux stopped getting fries with his sandwich at the turn . now no one eats bread .	2
ice cube son and dcyoungfly should make a new friday movie tomeithink	1
 . i first saw him on dana white s pilot episode and saw his fight in october he does look impressive	1
always pull the gay card cause some exgirlfriends are fucking nuts th one in a week	2
bobby jindal and rick perry make top in facebook chatter know it all thursday s top stories at nbc news	0
if i can get my equipment working correctly we will have a live show on friday at pm cst with contactee ray . . .	0
you think mr .calle let practice with you guys cause i don t have practice tomorrow ? ? . .	2
congratulations ! hulk hogan reached the end of the st line of his keyboard . now we try with these letter things 	1
i miss teen wolf a lot ! i can t shucking wait for the scorched trials ! ocotber th we wont enter the maze but the trials 	1
is that paul mccartney on the bass in the nd verse of paris ? loving the new album man . you did it again . brandnew	1
this is me guys ! this was from last friday on eid ! if you see me at the concert say hi ! deleting this soon 	0
you know what ? vampire diaries starts in germany on monday ! i can t wait !	1
we have kerry for with us tonight at tuesday club playing kerry s special game	1
smells like teen spirit nirvana black old sun soundgarden call me dog temple of the dog . . .	0
girl thought she was sharing cool pics of dad kurt cobain . turns out they re pics of nirvana s st show ever . rad .	0
ok so hulk hogan may have took it a bit too far this time . . .	2
hopefully going to genera with physics down side is its only th years who are going and i don t talk to many worthitbut	1
i don u t ever skate etnies u c but ryan sheckler u s the marana is too sicc ! as soon as it comes out in november i u m buying a pair 	1
hunter valentine s day throwin it back amp watchin a bunch of old vids . this was the st one i ever seen	1
hey peeps i have confirmed with the gladstone hotel sunday from pm that children are allowed in the part of . . .	1
from brazil . it has some differences . we may have the same words for some things but the pronunciation is way different 	0
so apparently thor has a big surprise for me on saturday and i can t wait to see what it is ! ! ! ! i m dying i m the most patient less person	1
now y u all know all that halloween candy is gonna be on clearance tomorrow . . .you can save it for valentine u s day 	1
wondering if after sc turning down yakub s appeal tomorrow he would again petition the president again and this to go on and on and !	0
sunday oliseh never see anything as coach of super eagles just having a goaless draw against common tanzania . afcon qualifier	2
don t worry bbz tomorrow will be george osborne getting booed at the paralympics .	0
i m sure those pictures have been altered . reagan never sat with muslims . right ?	0
would you please let us know when the iphone s will be available for purchase ? hoping before the th of september . thanks ! !	1
ehm . well . uther was dying . merlin pulled the last spark of life from him and pesky morgana emerged st . . .	2
update still raining . in the meantime you can read about how kris bryant s view on sliding may have changed sunday 	0
oh great u c weather warning for tayside and i u m going to dundee tomorrow . hope i don u t get stranded up there help	1
one thing i love about t mobile is that i may run out of high speed data but at least my shit is unlimited	1
arsenal v sunderland new signing louis saha set to lead the line in absence of stephane sessegnon sun . . . arsenal	0
travelling to milton keynes for the ashes on saturday ? be aware that the foo fighters play the mk bowl on . . .	0
short sales t mobile holds day sale on devices ending august th t mobile has short sales throughout the y . . .	0
 safc have brought on former nufc striker louis saha . the frenchman is to score the nd goal of this game . the draw is a chance !	0
brock lesnar announced for wwe live event in new york city brock lesnar has been announced for the october r . . .	0
david wright may not hit another hr for weeks if we re being totally serious here . but good for him tonight .	1
president muhammadu buhari may have set a deadline for the end of boko haram deadly activities as h . . . badotweet	0
talking about janet jackson . . .i can t wait to see her in february ! unbreakableworldtour	1
 trumpcrab sierra club you gotta see this ! looks just like trump .	1
it feels like everything is about to fall through for friday danica has been sick . . megan is sick . . and . . . this stinks	2
anyone else going to the big brother stuff at central tomorrow	0
 nicki chuckled . so you just got here in sun city ?	0
dear lovely christians i wish to inform you tomorrow we got one mass am as we ll be submitting our parish family day collection !	1
free webinar friday the consulting lifestyle with charles m associate partner ibm . sign up 	1
delmar johnson will interview about new release of book ! boci talk radio am cst on october st . listen u c . . .	0
the soundboard may have been the best p i ve ever spent	1
huge fight in the chargers game ! good game for two medicore teams . next thursday we get colts .vs jags . . .ugh	1
national ice cream day is on sunday . what better way to celebrate than to check out these ice cream treats you . . .	1
there s nowhere i d rather be on a sunday night than dq when it s national ice cream day and degrees sarcasm	0
the twilight sad the guinness and the rangers . the perfect saturday .	1
agreed . i mean we got to kershaw twice . we can still do this . we can win tomorrow . we can win the nlcs i just don t thin we will .	1
apparently some dude called shepard fairey has a show on night ? drop by blackall studio st if you missed the imaginaryfriends show launch	0
will fleeing syrians flood the food banks or be served at the ritz ? david cameron merkel duncan smith theresa may the pope sentimentalists	1
it is a proven practice for rodgers which he will likely defend on friday when he faces the media for the first time	0
metropcs launches the galaxy s iii on october u c price is good news for metropcs cust . . . more after redirect	1
get used to it justin bieber	0
i was just reminded by that tomorrow is international talk like a pirate day . whimsy	0
lady gaga and beyonce really need to stop playing and make that rd music video	0
carnival tomorrow ! ! ! need to put my flags in the laundry	0
monday . go get it . come along for yoga tonight pm . i m back with all the enthusiasm of a puppy in a . . .	1
everything is the same with the heat . lebron can u t play in the th u c heat fans are still cocky as fuck u c and chris bosh still a raptor ! ! ! !	2
ah the tables are now turned amp it is jon stewart who will be the one getting destroyed in every news headline tomorrow thanks to john cena	0
red sox take the lead yankees red sox bottom st	0
geniusfootball carlo ancelotti s january targets to make his side even more stronger unstoppable ! see . . .	1
can i fund on type of ira while tapping another ? for many people it may be a good idea	0
so proud my alma mater is hosting the st debate this wednesday ! debate university of denver	1
c mon let s make it a seth rollins statue on a pole match at night of champions . stingvsrollins	1
may this independence day win us from yakub mercy petitioners and media terrorist .	0
we are so excited to announce our adult fitness program for the season ! join us for yoga on monday . . .	1
good luck and have fun ! i m think about ya ll in dallas today . fight alzheimers	1
sam smith is going to be in austin tomorrow and i m going to be in san marcos ! why ? ! ? i wanted to see him so bad ! ! 	0
excellent piece from sec . kerry and and british fm philip hammond on the role of women in peace and security 	1
hands down the irish amateur paul dunne thrilled the world . more to come tomorrow ! ! ! sc stars	1
kamloops sun devils defeat prince george sun devils play victoria tonight at pm winner to the b .c . baseball championships final	0
watching jurassic park for the th time love my saturday nights	0
really hope dustin johnson pulls it out the bag tomorrow and ties up theopen adidas adidasgolf	1
three times grammy nominated u c brit award nominee and ivor novella winner joan armatrading takes to the stage on sunday !	1
last monday on raw was the summerslam rematch between the wyatt family taking on roman reigns and dean ambrose .	0
we need a nd str target man too . to lead when kane is out . or to play kane as a with him . i see a deadline day austin bid .	0
i u ll be giving presentations the center for photographic art in carmel u c ca on sat . photography	0
that when he went to hulk hogan party on monday night raw 	0
queens of the stone age dave grohl sat on the stool regular john from glastonbury during the song for the deaf tour	0
jordan asked me why i was requesting the nd off amp when i tell him i m going to see a kpop group he tells me how he used to work for a	0
i m listening to nirvana and drinking wine from a mug how s your wednesday night going	1
see you in april with the vamps dude ! ! ! ! ! !	1
met slum village u c just blaze u c and th wonder . saw fred the godson u c raekwon u c nipsey hussle u c and trae the truth perform u c all in one day .	0
las vegas conor mcgregor was in rare form friday during the go big press conference . the brash irishman took . . .	1
buy moto g rd gen gb just rs . with exclusive launch offers flipkart	0
watching act of valor for about the th time . but who u s counting	0
gucci baggy skin below the eyes psyche nerve december hypertrophy the bipartite thine semantic entryway fannin . . .	0
john kasich may be the most genuine of all of the candidates votersfirst	1
the bee gees into their th decade along with me in life . like barry and myself . . . . . . .alone .	0
if carly fiorina ran the us the way she ran hp we d be doomed 	2
with the threat that unless they are given a pay rise similar to staff at urdu language schools they will embrace islam en masse on th	2
sunderland weekly gay friendly event tomorrow at the the basement . get on the event for guest list ! ! . . .	1
a sultry new jam no sleeep marked the return of janet jackson on friday july as the pop icon makes her . . .	1
very possibly he is right . erdogan in low hours crises may have used isis to win nationalists votes attacking kurdish	2
kurt convey wins the boys race in with nick diaz coming in nd around . rounding out the top was kenny castro .	1
imma still wear it sometimes . i go to the doctor thursday to see what s gucci with it	0
georgetown is the move tomorrow 	1
iran may want to wipe israel off the map amp isis may think palestine will be the jews graveyard but god has a much different point of view !	0
all mountain naming decisions are delegated to chuck norris by the nd amendment	0
carly fiorina may find center stage uncomfortable republican presidential candidate carly fiorina pauses as she . . .	0
birthday sex is on mtv hits . this makes me think about th grade lmfaooo	1
so next wednesday as well as being star wars day will also be the day the last episode of peep show airs . what a day it will be .	1
not gonna lie . . every sunday after the walking dead i feel the need to watch the boondock saints . norman reedus is entirely responsible .	1
sat next to a woman on the plane today who flipped through photos of her cat on her ipad the whole time . spiritanimal	1
pose of triumph ! ! jogged over the brooklyn bridge with my mom and sis this morning . i m so lucky .	1
roses are red just received its th review on amazon ! double digits ! d . . .	1
good monday rockers ! today we are going to discuss the best robots in tv movie history . rolling stone magazine . . .	0
working on scouting report for clemson vs . usf soccer exhibition on friday always on the job	0
rahul gandhi the kid is planning jail bharo with all his supporters on dec . great . the judge will have less trouble arriving at verdict .	0
persona arena may be the naruto ultimate ninja of arc system works fighting games but i still like it and need pick up ultimax	1
given saudi arabia has the rd largest military in the world . this better be a whole lot more than more the endless blah blah .	2
bill murray yeah u c on monday i am off to meet infinity ward about the next game u c modern warfare u c im doing work on the sequel to mw 	0
iran and the region in the iran primer	0
welcome nick j ! in manila ! so excited for the show on friday .	1
i hope tony blair feels shit standing there at remembrance sunday cause he s partly to blame for the deaths or so many soldiers in iraq	2
toy collectors amp star wars fans may the force guide you to my store to find the droid you are looking for ! bb 	1
cowboys had the giants this sunday that s a easy win . let s do it !	1
burgers ales wine magic mike xxl . way to make monday bearable . magicmikexxl	1
a great birthday gift would be a tweet or follow from niall . hope it actually happens on the th of december i love you xxx	1
they u ve been letting gregg williams go to the rams game they might let sean payton go to the game sunday u c and loomis and vitt	0
this dude from jerusalem say he can u t take a test thursday b c holloween wednesday he u s gonna have a hang over purehonesty	2
all i m thinking about is how zayn left on march th rip	0
is celebrating harry potter month in november if you guys are interested 	1
katy perry left her handprints outside the famed chinese theatre in hollywood on tuesday night not that anyone . . .	0
is it true you guys are having brock lesnar on your show tomorrow ?	0
finally going to see the equalizer tomorrow i m hoping it s a good film ?	1
oh i get it joe biden was here or something . that may explain the incredible traffic . or that may honestly just be atlanta	2
 he s a bullshitter voters believe bullshit christians stayed home the nd time because they didn t like romney	2
hmm . lexus may be entering the aussie v supercars scene soon . i think it would be pretty mad to see an rc f v supercar .	0
morning gorgeous u were rite i thought it was b slisten to this nicki minaj did hhave domestics	1
soooooo who s coming to see zac brown band with me in toronto sept . th . . . .	1
the giff was the main reason i once loved monday night football . rip usc and nfl legend frank gifford .	1
can you play some iron maiden for me while i m stuck at work on a saturday night !	1
photo october new photo of justin with lenny kravitz at l arc .	0
david cameron is due to make his commons statement about the migration crisis at . pm . davidcameron	0
did you know that the director and ice cube created the bye felicia phrase when they did the movie friday together ?	0
the vine of chris pratt on the set of jurassic world makes me happy even if i saw it way back in may . . . .	1
niall will follow me one day that day just isn t today maybe tomorrow ?	0
kenny sears was marked short of the first on th down . curtis takes over at the sps with a lead	0
star wars released a day earlier in the uk thursday dec th . . . tomorrow days will be booked off work for this day long remembered .	1
i should remember that i may not care what apple is announcing but i do care about massive sf disruptions like apple bill graham . fb	2
lorenzo brown gave nervous ncstate fans one less thing to worry about on tuesday in spain 	1
the judgement of someone s tv fandom from someone who enjoys the bachelor and big brother is worth sh t . night see ya tomorrow ! !	2
im going to the fair tomorrow . fuck that hahaha	2
on the bright side if selena s greatest hits album thing is actually coming out on november th i already know what to ask for my bday	1
the two minor leaguers masquerading as angels in the th th spots in their lineup have been horribly overmatched vs bluejays david price	0
definitely although i think if murray does enough to win the th set he ll go on and win it .	1
did i mention that for my brothers th birthday he asked for and received john cena merch .	0
carly fiorina nd amendment is about your god given right to self preservation and fail safe against tyranny	1
donald trump defends kanye west from his haters as soon as kanye west announced he d run for president on sun . . .	0
 tomorrow . hannibal squeezed half the contents across his lover s burning cheeks .	0
on my way to the airport with min sleep all night . . .eyes burning like i m on true blood . .wtf	0
scott walker defends ted cruz after boehner jackass comment they may be running against each other in the r . . .	0
after saturday bama u s tide want be rollin any more . geaux tigers !	1
dont omfg well . i only came back because naruto hooks up with hinata and the nd gen is cute .	1
hmmmm balotelli may have came back to milan at the right time . . .adriano and bacca both stepped their game up . . . wearemilan acmilan	1
ebola nurse may have been sick before taking the plane	0
new harry louis niall and liam backstage with fans at otradetroit aug . 	0
mayweather congratulates and insults rousey at the same time	0
fm preview derby county v peterborough united apr footymad attempt to assist you with their form guide as . . .	0
was sat watching degrassi then came to the realisation that little things will be aired in a while .	0
wednesday is working women s day at dog tyred and to day we have something just for the ladies . . . a racegoer . . .	1
ooh a friend just offered me a ticket to the antonio carluccio show on wednesday . i like having nice friends .	1
 all aboard . . . st flight to hong kong then off to the uk from there . . tweet yah later enjoy	1
how do you get ice t and ice cube confused . . . . . is from friday the other is from new jack city	0
is there anyone out there that wants to go with me to the kenny chesney jason aldean concert tomorrow for free ! ? ! ? ! ?	1
at the end of the third the new mexico stars lead the wichita wild . any guesses how the th quarter will shake out ?	0
 droid life additional confirmation that the droid bionic will be here september 	0
watched last week s jersey shore last night you put your own head into the wall ? seriously crazy ! atleast ronnie didn t !	2
i think tomorrow when i get out of class i m going to wal mart and buying apples caramel squares and razor blades to see the cashiers face	0
let s go blue jays ! wheels have come off the red sox in the th . cometogether	1
one thing we can be pretty sure of is the talks in stormont tomorrow will do a deal to please the ira . nipeaceprocess	0
my ninja got us tickets for the mavs game monday ! 	0
can nicki and drake go ahead and get married and have the child that will be rd legendary sannin	0
this honestly may be the smartest thing trump has done to date cc 	0
thank you ! if one of the rabbis on campus can come by today with purim greetings u c so can you !	1
wow just wow ! david cameron must have experienced a lucid moment .	0
zayn left on the th school starts on the th the th is just not a good day	2
demi is performing at the houston rodeo on march 	0
it does ! and big time rush on saturday counts for a musical u c right ? haha	0
all kinds of fun things happening for the launch of go set a watchman tomorrow come along for american style sweets treats prizes gsow	1
charlie rose with rich lowry u c mort zuckerman u c charles cook u c karen tumulty u c roger simon david sanger march u c . . .	0
on thursday u c as britney spears u c jennifer hudson u c halle berry and others paid tribute to the singer at the nokia theatre in los angeles .	0
still hyped rn ! kris bryant is my favorite player he got his st walk off homer the cubs got an important w and are staying in the hunt	1
hope winter hall gay liberation front talks in the panel on sunday where do we go from here ? politicalpride	0
watch the the morning blend tomorrow as ian bennett will be strutting his stuff in their fashion show . tune into tjm at am .	0
david cameron is expected to announce the uk will take in more syrian refugees heartnews	1
the only time i would say i really enjoyed ios was fifa before i got my console in may soon as i got that i stopped playing it	0
talk on antakya antioch at crossroads and the syrian crisis u c mon u c pm pyle center co sponsored by ces	0
zayn is my th most played artist . i just wanted to clarify this b i m accused of bandwagoning when he blows up	0
why is muhammad a myth . ? if not then muslims should welcome historians to do their job . i say they are afraid of what the historian may find	2
watched tom cruise and emily blunt in edge of tomorrow last night . really enjoyed it . interesting to see jez butterworth listed as a writer .	1
 annoyed goldenopportunity wasted . tomorrow is another game . hate the red sox	2
guess what everyone it is thursday of a major so you guessed it dustin johnson is killing it through hewillchokeonsunday	1
please can someone remind frank ocean that it s now july th and we have yet to receive a new album ?	0
jumma mubarak to all muslims jumma is the most sacred day of a week . . friday sermon is reminder of our duties as muslim	1
body on me rita ora feat . chris brown may j lee choreography i think i pressed on the replay button too much	1
big joe keeping it littt i will beat conor mcgregor declares donegal man joseph duffy sunday world	1
 tv ind vs sl rd test day cricket live score and sony six live streaming info watch the live teleca . . . sony	0
join me this sunday at the new thought community center in fresno . i have the honor of doing the service this . . .	1
women don t let men enjoy anything . you re complaining about month of star wars ? bitch i sat through years of twilight .	2
ok so i guess they update it every ten mins so hold on it may not be stupid lol mtvstarof lady gaga	0
luffy one shotted naruto with red hawk lol they didn t even include naruto s rasenshuriken or luffy s gear rd smh or th .	0
so happy nba is back . feeling a bit disappointed in the nuggets tonight but the laker u s nd consecutive loss helps to compensate .	0
the release date for star wars the force awakens in the uk has been moved to a day earlier than originally advertised on december .	0
nick jonas is my hero is trending i love being part of the jobro fan family happy th birthday nick j ! ! enjoy ! xoxo	1
arsenal fans need to cheer giroud on saturday at the emirate . this is his true home . arsenal coyg	1
david cameron and theresa may get your heads out of the sand these people are fleeing for their lives and they try to come here to be safe	0
anyway peace ! i support both hillary and bernie and will support joe biden should he run . he may indeed !	1
funny how the red sox turned into a juggernaut as soon as they sat hanley s punk ass down .	0
ice cube writing the script for friday in straight outta compton which which are both directed by f . gary gray .	0
to anyone that is going to digi tomorrow can you please tell nash that i love him . . . please	1
get out ! ! but it may be too late to save your country . you can blame tony blair george bush and merkal . a sad . . .	2
final destination is coming out soon . i never thought they d make a th one ! youcantcheatdeath	0
faq what is u skeuomorphic design u and the executive shakeup at apple san francisco u c ca march apple ceo . . .	0
monday mornings are a little more bearable with zac brown band	1
murray must must must win this game on anderson serve to turn the tide and give him something for the rd to build on usopen	0
narendra modi on wednesday targeted congress president sonia gandhi saying she should not come to the state without doing proper home work	2
are you ready for the th annual ict conference ? key sponsors ibm will be sponsoring students and faculty . . .	1
i m now entering my th day without watching game of thrones my symptoms are getting worse . . . . . .	0
atletico madrid keeping tabs on petr cech and are weighing up a january bid for the chelsea goalkeeper .	0
what did you want from these much muslims while you can kill yourself oh enemy of muslims ! may allah destroy you oh yazidis christians jews !	2
thursday s broadcast ratings cbs big brother top charts with . . .	0
gucci host you acquiescence january fetch up the set of two yours personality by annexation in consideration o . . .	0
do you have a google plus account if so may i have the link to it ?	0
april th against the red sox already scheduled it off work	0
monday at town ballroom richie hawtin with loco dice . dude is so awesome . tix still avail at	1
happy i have something to watch sunday nights now ! makes the wait for abc sunday fall lineup somewhat bearable ! lol	1
call us superstitious . . .our condo does not have a th floor . some wiki thoughts on the origin of that tradition 	2
podgodz podgodz recorded july i saw ant man i should not have . midroll sells to i want to s . . .	2
 paidnfulleastsaidup dbf drops september classic ! ! ! ! ! and gangsta grillz is on the way	0
exclusive cate blanchett may be joining the marvel universe ! don t tease me ! scifi movies mcu	0
the apple special event live broadcast it up ! shutting all other apps browsers for maximum smoothness !	1
if the pll halloween special aired this tues . instead of last tues . i would be even more creeped out considering the next day is halloween .	2
 nowplaying december th by jay z from the album the black album	0
if i don t see ed sheeran in concert i m going to drown myself i ve been wanting to see him since the th grade	2
looking to start the week with success ! lots of thoughts about tonight s mnf match between man city swansea .	1
it is happening in tsumeb this week till saturday when gazza will be the main man .	0
we many not to get watch any nhl games u c but we can watch evgeni malkin and alex ovechkin in the khl !	0
i believe in islam like i believe in the sun rising . not because i can see it but because by it i see everything . alhamdulillah	1
when it s august but you re still listening to frank ocean s old albums	0
paul mccartney playing as the sun sets in chicago was definitely one of the most beautiful things i ve ever witnessed ok	1
so disappointing . on a lighter note u c get excited for baj tomorrow . i u m editing now and it relates to jordan jefferson	1
like apology tomorrow when british a thority will regret abt the error in rahul gandhi s nationality will media show that ?	2
rt final destination ? pretty sure final means the last one . . .not the th one .	2
excited for video tomorrow with skylynn because videos with her are always the best ! she s so adorrbbs !	1
monday nights love zone with ruth includes songs from katy b janet jackson blue squeeze bon jovi gabrielle . . .	1
in th grade justin bieber had a crush on a girl and dared her to kiss him but she didn t .	0
i like the fact that we got no classes tomorrow . but the typhoon approaching scares me . mtvstars the vamps mtvstarsof the vamps	0
after days of going out this past labor day weekend . . . i m literally relaxing this whole week and not going out until saturday .	1
wow kudos the students loudyes rahul gandhi may go another atma chintan rahulstumped rahulvsmodi	1
non issue man u playing against psg on thursday niggahs will get thrashed like shit zlatan and cavani gonna castrate you 	0
yes federer s attacking return is brilliant . but yes it s a play club players can do too esp . off weak and predictable nd serves	1
niall is probably going to see sos tomorrow in nj love my luck 	1
maybe rd team bro he s not better than trey burke from michigan	2
lipa beat the bad weather join us for our taster sessions wed and thurs at joseph wright centre	1
thank you to my new followers . and may god you always and forever ! ! ! love levi	1
nooooo i am possibly going to be in dayton tomorrow night ! ! ! 	2
 packers getting set to host the panthers sunday afternoon . lambeau field in green bay wi 	0
yes ! vampire diaries is about to start ! it is my favorite thing about thursday ! vampirediariesseason delenaforever	1
rt after hours tonight jammin dimples durrty skanx harry shotta byron romo audio download big !	0
i wonder when the st video of shawn falling over on stage will be . . .	0
it ends with star wars in december	1
selling jason aldean amp kenny chesney tickets for this friday at gillette stadium each ! direct message me if you are interested !	0
i know it wasn t a typo the curse on romo is coming sun he going suffer a sports hernia followed by receiving crabs from dez	0
i hadn t seen cry until today at our pm showing of magic mike xxl was my rd time seeing it amp i would again 	1
with tiger woods only shots back from the leader going into the final round tomorrow at the wyndham . . .	1
 i get lovestruck with deniesse and slater . swear . they look cute . plus i can relate to deniesse pacute to her crush u c slater 	1
my sister just reminded me that the day after tomorrow i get to see ed sheeran for the first time ever . um can someone pinch me ?	0
fourteen environmental protesters arrested at eskom on tuesday have been released on bail u c after the group . . .	0
tracy mcgrady arrived in china on wed after signing with qingdao eagles . his arrival at the airport was crazy 	1
brock lesnar on espn tomorrow including and sportscenter . glad to see the worldwide leader embracing the e in espn and wwe .	1
the first time i got hit on i was at the polish festival by the rides . nd time i was at the mall and he asked for my 	0
i haven u t eaten chicken nuggets since i was like or . . who wants to get some mcdonald u s with me tomorrow ?	2
if the deal between sabres oilers is gagner and a rd for sekera and adam . i would think the deal would be done tomorrow u c no reason to wait .	0
kinda sucks that the ac dc concert is tomorrow cause i can t wait to see them play but i don t want to go to school	2
don t forget to bring your buddy barrel back tomorrow ! it s the last sunday in our week bgmc drive to build a school vanuatu !	1
entered the cape argus pick n pay cycle tour happening on sun mar ! what have i got myself into !	0
my pain may be the reason for sumbodies laugh .but my laugh must never be the reason for sumbodies pain	0
bobbi kristina just favorited my tweet retweeted me and tweeted me all in the same day . she helped me to say hello september	1
 half eps . st was proper debate . next ep did my best keith richards impression with the tv . neighbours gave u s for distance	0
making an effort to use my ps vita a bit more . only use it for fifa at the moment ! gonna give a few demos a try . st silent hill bom 	0
i ve won tickets to blackpool illuminations ! ! ! ! ! see you friday xx	1
i ve lost all respect for every time you turn around they are promoting gays . gay isn t a sport ! !	2
the gazette reported on problem of cyclists flouting the law at the top of the town . now the police are cracking down . see thurs gazette .	2
white arrows play the earl on october th with family of the year and the new cassettes . don u t miss this .	0
can u t believe parks isn u t on tomorrow because of the voice . newsflash nbc new yorkers actually don u t care that they missed the voice .	2
i haven t seen alan partridge on tfi friday yet but i m positive it s proof that he should host top gear and tfi friday over chris evans .	1
i am telling you come what may kareena kapoor will not win a national award for heroine .	2
what should i wear to the taylor swift concert tomorrow ? what would my bad blood character name be ? these questions will keep me up tonight .	0
i m excited to see sam smith on saturday with loml	1
gerald green may have bounce but he has no hangtime on those braids .	0
dj mix n match spinning live to air with z . this wednesday october st at city nightclub !	0
so you all may have noticed that alli gator and batman have been mia . well i left alli with randi and i passed . . .	0
does donald trump know they do tours of the white house ? with like people and stuff ? people that may or may not have washed their hands ?	0
top gambling apps for the ipad	0
well that timing would be perfect now wouldn t it ? move over xmas get into the swing of work starting feb .	1
the weeknd dropping a mixtape right before he drops his new album on the th yet it s been years since we got some new frank ocean .	0
ampt going to see my baby ice cube in in nwa this friday 	1
your saturday satisfaction with mariah carey thank god i found you album version zaterdag samedi	1
u finished usa school starts soon amp for the first time i sat down and played acoustic tunes on edge s taylor bono gave my son amazing u 	1
our account will be very active for international fashion month new york london milan and paris all the action from thursday	0
mets lineup vs . phillies david wright is in it for st time in months . . related articles 	0
it was through a rd party seller which i thought to be a trustworthy company as to why i bought it . so hoping amazon can help me out here	0
join us for bed u c breakfast and evening meal on monday rd december and have james martin cook your dinner and then come out to greet you .	0
kpop sounds like a disease you can get in a place where the sun definitely don t shine . . . directionersfuneral	2
just started watching this murray match rd set and all jmac is talking about is rafa fog wtf ! ! !	0
milan tomorrow in moscow to engage in charity now in the donbas	0
shotton has shown he is worthy of that list by passing the ultimate barometer of performing on wet wednesday night for stoke	1
heymanhustle when brock lesnar amp the undertaker appear on raw next monday there may b a brawl between them anew . rn t u worried about it ?	0
who would go see with me at dar constitution hall on sunday evening ?	0
 state islamic military bloc against terrorism announced riyadh saudi arabia on tuesday announced the form . . .	0
horrible . diehard fans may love the hard r but lots of people will pass . ant man was fun quirky enjoyable . not this .	0
colts game tonight ! yay !	1
sure the trump tweet was in january but it is still relevant because it was about charlie hebdo .	0
liam and niall playing a teaser of a new song from the th album !	0
been invited to milan for a weekend at the end of sept . . .won t mind if i do .	1
listening to my playlist from the weekend is massively putting me in the mood for circoloco on sat . bring it on !	1
so if u want tickets u have to win them at shawn s show on saturday	0
janet jackson amp luther the best for saturday cleaning	1
from espn la liga betis march on malaga held to draw real betis moved up to fourth in the table after . . . ncaa	0
breaking ! ! eagles storm port harcourt for niger friendly on tuesday the super eagles tackle the mena of nige . . .	0
very excited for summerslam paperview this sunday . man i really hope the undertaker tombstones brock lesnar back to the ufc	1
shawn is coming tomorrow guess whos not going 	0
i have to learn all the words to every song on calibraska by november	0
red sox getting rocked by the yanks trailing to going to the bottom of the rd . stephen drew run homer against his old teammates .	0
how great would it be if the power came back today but so many schools in fairfax country didn u t have power so school was closed tomorrow ?	1
really hoping kendrick s next album has at least tracks where he snaps like he did on his black friday freestyle	1
dear peter trust me . . . . we know you mean well . . .btw boko haram food power education hospitals . . . .c mon	2
if trump was tsipras i d vote for him . it is true though that he may end up splitting the gop like tsipras did the troika .	0
who u s all going to the show tomorrow at rex theatre ?	0
 parisshootings afp report place republique where the moving charlie hebdo march took place is completely deserted	2
david price pitches today . a th straight win would set the mark for the longest win streak this season amp set a blue jays franchise record	1
i may talk shit about twilight but you can bet your sweet ass i ll be reppin teamjacob all day	0
isn t it weird that selena gomez concert is jun and justin bieber s concert is jun ? ? ? days apart . . . really . . .	0
new post boko haram buhari storms cameroun tomorrow with six govs benin saturday	0
i need my baseball fix somehow i saw the cubbies win their game earlier today kris bryant walkoff hr in the th . . . 	1
o dear kane may be going bye bye from the hawks . . . .we will see how this one plays out	0
this is a big deal ! everyone make sure to shazam when you hear it ! mtvstars the vamps	1
you may or may not see this but if you do can i please get a rt follow i love you ! ! justsaying 	1
super eagles play tanzania today . most nigerians are just waiting for them to lose so they lambast sunday oliseh and the whole of nff .	0
so laisha how do you spend your saturday nights ? oh you know i watch twilight . . .by myself . . . . and eat	1
going to cypress the whole entire day on nov . gonna be seeing all the people i havnt seen in forever .	1
christians snapchat story makes me want to kill myself . .like i feel like a depressed th grader going through that emo phase	2
we re your th follower ! ! ! ! we loved you tonight at monteys ! ! ! ! ! thanks for ed sheeran twice ! ! ! xoxo come to saint john ! !	1
nyfw with abbey dawn ! ! ! ! ! this seriouslly may seem to make me personally laughter !	1
i think the red sox may be more popular around that region as well . have many more fans nationally than pats	0
if you had castle crashers on xbox it will be free today for xbox one owners . this is incredible .	1
messi may be the best player in the world but chicharito is the best player in the universe chichadios	1
sorry i m not really tweeting today . i m getting ready for the taylor swift concert tomorrow ! !	1
 . look at the media coverage of bahrain regime s arrest of nabeel rajab oct 	0
kendrick did his beat better than he did hahaha coles black friday was weak sauce	1
haha no the first was just barca and then i put the just to separate for my nd club	1
ahhh ill be watching sharknado tomorrow wish i could see it now ! d	1
 idf is to techies what religious retreats are to christians . sure it s fun and sure you feel a bunch of stuff but there s work tomorrow .	1
j . coles verse in black friday was kinda disappointing but kendrick killed it	2
gary carter on nd screen content is floating free from the distribution platform . opportunity for producers u c threat for broadcasters	0
any joey fans that want a cover for all nns wins may take this .	1
yay for going to see jason aldean on the rd 	1
hey everyone ! if you are competing in districts at lake braddock on monday you need to make sure to do the deca test by pm tomorrow ! !	0
anybody interested in buying jason aldean hard copy tickets for the show this saturday september th in raleigh ?	0
so excited to be passing out candy with the chapter of ocmea at boou on the th ! good excuse for a disney costume ! d	1
did you get to meet dean ambrose on saturday brother ? upthewallabies	0
happy birthday my st namja bias in kpop lee taemin taem i love u i miss u in the past happytaeminday	1
on the phone to hmrc who asked my st name then said do you have a second name ? tempted to say no like rihanna madonna etc just name !	1
love this new trick that federer has when he is facing a nd serve . running up to the serve line and taking it early is unreal !	1
i m off twitter for today u c lets hope i return tomorrow being able to tweet about a tottenham win in tonights capital one cup versus norwich .	0
hahaha . brilliant . go watch this . btw we totally deserve this for unleashing trump on the world .	0
saw your post just sent you some donations via amazon that should be arriving thursday . keep up your good work ! !	1
i have to catch up on the vampire diaries u c chelsea lately and the x factor both episodes tomorrow !	0
u never see how the disbelievers unit like the unit against muslims . may allah doom us it their helpers in this life and pit bottom of hell	2
 omigod you guys has been stuck in my head since i seen the show on wednesday ! ! super catchy d	1
work on a friday night lt lt lt lt lt venice beach bound in the morning gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt 	0
may the angels protect you and sadness forget you . madonna little star songlyrics	1
are you going to sam smith tomorrow ? ?	0
my moms taking my ipad away tomorrow but it s worth it because i m tweeting the kweent anthonychat	1
re what the heck was obama doing for the st years when democrats controlled everything ? ! ! !	2
 . . .and jeb bush is third in the polls and losing donors . be fair and balance . . .	0
 businessnews p g shifts top executives to singapore us consumer giant procter and gamble p g said friday it . . .	0
 betstylelounge this saturday will be turnt to the max ! come see me and rock out ! th and king dr ! !	1
that s like me being christians and saying the religion of islam is stupid . i may not agree with their practices but i still have	2
oh i u ve got tim howard tomorrow as well ! how many points you get today ?	0
just sat in with king cake . fun times !	1
iker when ancelotti told me that i will play ucl and the copa i thought it may be a very good year or a very bad year and it went well . 	1
reviews hit tomorrow u c will be writing up my initial impressions then . my general tip for big android tabs no u c just no	2
real madrid tried to get de gea on the cheap like fergie said they are a shower .	0
yeah dont think or like some . . is a risk but welbeck must be amongst the goals ! as for delph got a knock rested for sunday	0
i feel like the new janet jackson single is bringing back s r amp b . via	1
david beckham just because he s fabulous and it s friday . enjoy inked tgif	1
stop avoiding the question ! th time do you believe in thor zeus apollo ra allah ?	2
if i ever celebrated halloween i u d either be janet jackson from poetic justice or the girl w the braids from friday d	1
lana del rey is playing in may ahhhh have to go u c bless you for revealing this information x	1
aww yeah tyler u s ! ! see you saturday west chester ! ! !	1
i started theamericans on friday courtesy my vacationing cat owning neighbors with amazon prime . oops . uh i m not paying amazon myself .	0
tonight u s never mind the buzzcocks has the hilarious noel fielding again can u t wait to download it tomorrow	1
hi this matter should be resolved but it may take time for the water supply to reach the whole network . thanks niall .	0
i think i m going to spend the rest of my friday night watching netflix	0
realized that i u ve just spent halloween u c super bowl sunday u c and my last two birthdays either in the library u c or in a computer lab . .	2
there is a lot to know about our new moto g rd generation .click here to find more . . .	0
pm had invited ppl who weren t from politics amp i was the th he invited shashi tharoor on pm inviting him to join swachh bharat campaign	0
omg . ricky martin may be gay but he is one fine ass gay man .	1
roll on saturday and beyond ! looking forward to an opposition leader to really fight the eternal enemy the tory ! corbyn leader	1
everyone s still at roskilde festival it doesn t finish until tomorrow night but just wait til monday d	1
 dt begins this thursday at the s .e .c signatureeventcenter south lumpkin rd w college id w regular id til pm ! ! ! iparty	0
december is almost here with us . still no frank ocean album . but boys don t cry . they don t give a fuck .	2
girls gone wild club roar going be a zoo friday	0
justin biebers music is the th biblical plague	2
chelsea v united everton v liverpool bayern v leverkusen marseille v lyon . i think it s super sunday ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !	1
how long should i still wait see the rd episode of tvd ? ?i am dying ! !you people who deal with loading the episodes could u pls hurry up ? ?	2
i just need to chill . can u t wait to unleash some aggression at black dahlia murder tomorrow . gonnaendalife	2
 college reps on wednesday the th . otterbein u c west liberty u c and akron . sign up by am if interested .	0
i don t know why i played resident evil operation raccoon city but i did . and i m not happy about it or the video i made of it for tomorrow	2
i miss sunday nights where mob wives came on then stevie tv would . now i gotta put up with this chicago bullshit and no stevietv	2
and even rolling stone is reporting on this crisis america s vanishing bees may be the canary in the coal . . .	2
if you watch an hour of comedy central ch you u ll be able to recite all the u quickies u by heart tomorrow morning .	0
the sacredheartsacademy gala is on friday evening ! read about the distinguished alumnae 	1
dodgers are th in fewest days between no hitters with days . the white sox lead with .	0
zumba ! ! ! ! have you tried it yet ? next session begins november th ! sign up now u c great way to keep up your cardio . . .	1
i went and bought an itunes card just for calibraska on thursday calibraksaep	1
 kot free ads to getfound online gt gt meet the kenyan lady who may cost chelsea . . .	0
more and more i listen to one of jason aldean s songs the more and more i want to go to his concert saturday	1
interception . simone picks off murray . asu st and from the yard line .	0
probably not going to be seeing much of the semi finals tomorrow because i u m going shopping around lunchtime	2
scott walker says wi percentage of people working is points higher than nation its been that way the last govs .	0
just in time since we are almost done with the justified series on amazon prime . lt g gt 	1
i m on the th episode of this season of arrow curtis is a new favourite character curtis and felicity are the only ones i really like	1
heyy lt so as tomorrow s the first day of school . . .bye i had a good life . . d jk sleep well and dream about harry potter like i will d lt 	1
 lazyweb should i get up early and avoid giants fans on caltrain or just work from home tomorrow ?	0
s o to hope he has safe travels tomorrow . herdnation could use you . doc loves those florida boys . speedkills	1
mantova milan the rossoneri squad here is the squad of milan . ac milan face mantova f .c . on thursday evening . . .	0
cool u c come to monday group u c they would love it u c we often do day trips out together u c fire station u c world book day and stuff !	1
 th grade nicole and kurt cobain . . spot the difference	0
boonie bush safari outdoor fishing hiking hunting boating snap brim hat sun cap with neck flap digi . 	0
telling why you should trust harper . worth the min . to listen . not after eating though . cdnpoli cdnpoli	1
 wwe raw undertaker and brock lesnar brawl for it all sunday night at battleground the undertaker cut down . . .	0
 st it was my boss then my cousin and now chuck norris has the taxi song stuck in his head 	0
joe biden run for presidency dependent on my emotional energy he want us to clap for him or something ?	0
i haven t seen any evidence ? on the th of october you pinned f ck israel ? you sir are racist .	2
anyssa just said that when the boys started singing c mon c mon at wwa all she thought about was me	0
i may not be friend anymore if she doesn t watch at least the first episode of game of thrones . like cmon give it a shot	0
on saturday i ll count how many white girls with nirvana shirts and flannels i ses	0
at least dustin johnson knows how to party which is why i m guessing he falls apart by sunday after his weekend out	2
what about the other candidates ? all have a chance . smiling bernie sanders may upset them all .	1
some from peeps may recognise this chord progression from a mariah carey clip posted over on the aa groups . . .	0
big game for tomorrow u c away vs the knicks at msg . personally think knicks will win . . . first game u c msg crowd u c sandy disaster . . .	1
what better than to enjoy turkey u c pumpkin pie and birthday cake all on the same day monday . best way to celebrate being legal ! cantwait	1
i also like very much the fact that george osborne s st birthday cake was a replica of magdalen college lad	1
i liked a video th edition d amp d from the astral season episode bad blood runs deep	1
so my mom s birthday is tomorrow so i ask uncle google . i probably just kiss her	1
saturday marked the th anniversary of hurricane katrina and louisiana gov . bobby jindal says the state is now stronger than ever . 	1
you may have noticed that militant atheists being the cowards they are prefer to pick on christians .	2
microsoft i may not prefer your gaming branch of business . but you do make a damn fine operating system . windows 	1
iran may have chinese companies export oil to mongolia mongolia has requested oil from iran and it is possibl . . .	0
just turned . hitched from newcastle to get there . went for ac dc left obsessed with van halen . carefree days .	1
don t want to watch a scope of the apple event livestream ? go directly to apple site .	1
messi receives golden boot award recognizes argentine star lionel messi on monday the golden boot award as the . . .	1
we all have friends like frank ocean that put stuff off and say i got you tomorrow or give me more time when you know they dont have it	2
observers from un u c eu u c cw u c send to coni u c according to this observers what the maldivian have seen live and on tvs on feb are day dream u c	0
with that squad and the current good start they have had compared to the woes at juventus they can and may win it . . .	0
i am selling tickets to see at london o arena on the first date on their tour . friday u c cont 	0
nice piece about in tomorrow s scotland on sunday pegged to his new stage production of the ladykillers . man gives good quotage .	1
 wednesdaywisdom from the old alsip sign do it now u c since it will be yesterday tomorrow .	0
aquino on enrile u s memoirs may all of us seek in this book the lessons that will allow us to advance as a people	1
women s super league chelsea close in on title with win against notts county	1
why oh why did i drink three cups of coffee to stay up binge watching gilmore girls when i have to be at the gym tomorrow at 	2
yaaaaay ! jason is my fave ! ! ! . . .and like that u c becomes the th act in the top ! xfactor 	1
here you go what to expect from apple s big event gt gt fallen off the chair with excitment .	1
we re all no one ! party w nervo tonight at surrender nightclub ! grab ur bikinis amp swim trunks for splash dance thursday ! txt me . 	1
just received oblivion and the new perrcy jackson book reading club get first look at them on friday .	1
just finished rehearsing with we are ready for the kendrick lamar show tomorrow u c shout outs to wvu . . .	0
have you heard about amazon prime day ? don t miss it july th ! yay ! ad prepforprime happyprimeday	1
yes the dallas event did . remind me to send you a link tomorrow . it was on news too . our ft worth event had none tho .	0
if joe biden runs for president he can count on the kind of union workers he spoke to monday	1
the boys calvin watkins explains why sunday night games are bad luck for the cowboys and . . .	2
but i guess the ps may have it too . we have a media player and we can transfer songs to share factory using a usb drive .	0
tegan and sara the bok monday night . teganandsara rockthebok	0
if i buy a moto g rd gen from moto maker will the g work in new zealand telecom networks ? ? 	0
ending our thursday we have one from high civilization . . . bee gees with secret love	0
sources from erdogan s office said he would meet prime minister ahmet davutoglu at am gmt on tuesday .	0
your labor day wknd sounds great amp all but did you spend the st mins of the rocketeer explaining wild hearts can t be broken to your bf ?	1
it s going to be a somber set tonight for curtis painter s nickelback cover band something in your mouth .	0
cannot wait to see ant man and southpaw with tomorrow ! i need this downtime badly !	1
gotta get my liver kidneys ready for saturday cinco de mayo ! or u c as i call it u c national margarita day .	0
nirvana may or may not be the best pandora station	0
frank gifford who helped make monday night football what it is today dies at age . rip . frankgifford mnf	0
i may go off the grid till . christians keep driving me further from christianity . pregnancy after rape is science u c not god u s will . 	2
leeds that was incredible . eagles of death metal and stole the entire show . time to do it all again on sunday in reading !	1
just to let you know antonio carluccio might mention us on the great british food revival bbc at pm tomorrow .	1
i m also in interlaken tomorrow it s chrismas market in unterseen interlaken other side of the rivers enjoy your trip !	1
more recently though i think that monster hunter games and yokai watch may have given pokemon the elbow especially in japan .	0
up early wee early morning walk in the sun then to ireland 	1
who should the rock face for the wwe title at the royal rumble ? i just voted rockpunk would be a st to see	0
the .old woman next to me on the plane is currently reading twilight she s hitting that phase a little past th grade but do you	0
but if i don t go to the game tomorrow and niall does go i ll be very upset	0
so i u m just recalling that i met john belushi early sunday morning haha	0
conference call with special guest scott walker this saturday ! ! 	0
forget league s super saturday has super storm sandy . name aside the coverage has been first class	1
can t wait for sat watch the blues smash that chelsea shite then i ll be smashing it get down after game people	1
september pat crowley is . happy birthday ! please don u t eat the daisies u c generations u c dynasty u c port charles u c mont reve .	1
i drafted th grabbed lynch . murray fell to me in the nd round pretty far with the snake too 	0
police st job is to protect the public not themselves ! they would never lie . . . iran ?	0
the raiders need to represent tonight !	1
this sunday you will be my bitch seth rollins hahahahahaha raw	0
will the nyse and nasdaq be open tomorrow	0
going to go jurassic park tomorrow ! ! ! ! pretty excited lol the goal is to continue to find peace and it worked last time . so round ! ! !	1
rousey would kill floyd if she could catch him ! run floyd run	0
liiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiistoooooo pa romper dc star nightclub the st time since ! ! ! toy readyy ! dmvsofficialhost	1
we re giving away jason aldean tickets ! text us win tickets to his burning it down tour sept jiffylubelive	0
got asiata start of wk let him get two good games and sent him in a trade for a nd same guy just offrd him bk for rd	0
paper towns is finally released into our cinema tomorrow will you be coming to see it ? book 	1
it worked well for the ira too you would think the english may have learnt something by now	1
love al green . saw him in concert in july . . .he u s still got it	1
 july bob dylan s like a rolling stone released here s the original mono mix howdoesitfeel dylan classic	0
harper doesn t want to see you leave unless you re stretchered off . brutal	0
day th saudi arabia indonesia poland thailand hungary . more for you today if you have traffic from there !	0
not true . kanes sitter mason had great chances and kane had another in the nd !	0
ramcharan v .v .vinayak s nayak is d st indian movie to be shot in the slovenia europe 	0
everyone is already going to the taylor swift concert anyone not going that wants to go sunday ? ? ?	0
on september madonna performed express yourself at the th annual mtv video music awards at the . . .	0
silent majority donald trump may be an s .o .b . but he s our s .o .b . make america great again !	1
ibrahimovic will join milan in january when psg gets knocked out from the group stage of the cl . a star like ibra can t play europa league .	0
pst keane delivers best mls goal from saturday the los angeles galaxy were on top of things early tonight again . . .	1
and you re all just going to have to accept the fact that i ll be slipping in and out of the liverpudlian accent tomorrow ok okay	0
will you be in myanmar on saturday ? i work with tom at spark pr in bkk . we have an event on saturday in yangon with visa	0
starts friday night irving plaza nyc me and touring with chiodos stoked	1
northern elders ask dasuki not to go to court so as not to reveal the activities of boko haram sponsors . . . enjoy ! !	0
still time to order your halloween treats ! deadline pm cst today with overnight shipping to arrive tomorrow ! 	1
ihop is gonna be choice tomorrow morning then off to the mini road trip	1
i liked a video triumvirat spartacus march to the eternal city	1
for student council members make sure you bring at least one dessert for the veteran day assembly this friday ! passthewordon	0
departure of ship sham port abu dhabi time nov am utc time of arrival departure is the time the vessel approache . . .	0
china week ends with jon huntsman u s lecture u c us china relations during an election year u c on monday at p .m .	0
yep it should be pretty good . did you see our interview with morgen about crossfire hurricane ?	1
bought a samsung galaxy note friday for and don t like it and tried to return it and was refused because of usage . b .s excuse	2
posting another song for our saturday as i feel like it . . . . bee gees with night fever	1
away . away . away . syndergaard peppering outside of the plate and then busts pitches inside . thor has found his groove . k . top th .	1
has the mo ! in nh will help raise amp get press . there s a lot to like w every man gov john kasich .	0
check out amazon prime day just outsold black friday 	1
 . . .bizarre rituals intended to bring about the end of the world and now it looks like it may actually happen ! kurt cobain 	0
so excited ! ! i sing the national anthem for my hometown tennessee titians ! oct th . st nfl game	1
did you know that david price was trending topic on saturday for hours in canada ? trndnl	0
gay couple heads to kentucky to wed and make a statement	0
also why do you tweet calling out to rahul gandhi as your first word always . it s not his fault he got born retard	0
people may not like him but you have to respect john cena wrestling against seth rollins last night despite breaking his nose in the match .	1
trying to decide what to take to the fashion star auditons tomorrow .	0
 mlbfantasy carlos rodon limited the indians to one run over seven innings tuesday and the white sox held on to beat the indians .	0
make blossom your comeback single in february on valentine s day	1
feels like a weird twilight zone today . . . mid christmas and new year with a slap of monday on top . very odd	0
chase headley s rbi double in the th inning off david price snapped a yankees streak of consecutive scoreless innings against blue jays	0
happy friday here s joe biden making a cameo on a episode of where in the world is carmen sandiego ? 	1
may i have john cena so i can use it as my center piece for my wall of john cena i will have in the near future	1
after getting booed again josh hamilton doubles off the rf wall on the st pitch of his nd at bat . tropeano had retired straight .	0
hard to believe huh ? rt watched my st episode of mad men the pilot on an ipad . second episode up next .	0
ryan braun breaking with an oppo shot to right to break up the scoreless tie in the th . he s been impressive as of late .	1
sexxxy booty ! thanks sharing the pic . hope your friday is going great today u . tgif ! !	1
think i may have an early night tonight and go to sleep after styled to rock !	0
chris rene is coming to new zealand nov ans th ! dm to get him in the studio !	0
rt with the ceremony tomorrow today s tracks of the day come from pj harvey and metronomy	0
watching the kandi factory with viggle mon pm bravo hd get real rewards just for watching tv . thekandifactory viggle	1
i u ll see you tomorrow ! i u ll be with my friend from germany who came for her first hockey game ! shed like to meet you ! 	1
 world exclusives happened on last night ! rpt mon at am ! now off to eid in the square w zeetv 	1
you want to see wrestling in binghamton ny then get your tickets for this saturday as cw returns to the american legion post . iam cw	0
october is my bday month too ! michael easton should do it so i can get a bday hug ! lol	1
tomorrow i m going to watch paper towns . do you recommend it guys ?	0
blue jays . games out with david price on the mound tomorrow . . .	0
i needa find this stuff for tomorrow u c wssu parade i u ll be with pipa but you know i u ll be with reppin my mustangs ! ! !	1
i m in love with black friday by my man kendrick lamar and j .cole	1
loving the sting stuff amp especially loving the way triple sold it all . . . sting was in the box ! raw	1
bilbao for breakfast this sunday morning . athletic are just about to kick off at espanyol .	0
 . agree that dude is fast . . wat . . friday s . . should ve sold kane when he was worth anything	0
akin and murdoch are scum u c but rape jokes aren u t much better brah . they may just be just a cont 	2
foo fighters in october shinedown in november jaguars in december and razorbacks in between . are you ready ?	0
may odin thor and frey lend me the strength of my viking ancestors to make it through my next two finals . backtostroz finoles	1
tanahashi may be the shawn michaels of njpw but this wrestler right here is the randy orton of new japan . scheduled tweet 	0
now that the attitude of a real winner . hey u c justin biebers manager may just be looking to sign you . . .	1
get in ! royal blood announced supporting the foo fighters on the sunday at mk bowl knew it was a matter of time !	1
kim coates was awesome on entourage tonight . although it makes me really miss sons of anarchy . can t wait samcro	1
yeah would be . think kane will retire soon so that may happen with those two . still got months till mania so we ll see .	0
i want to see eb but idk don t look to good guess ill call it a netflix night .	2
brock lesnar is going to be on mike and mike tomorrow . which one gets sent to suplex city first ?	0
father i m not a catholic well i tried to march in the st patricks day parade !	0
not a fan of tfi friday or chris evans but alan partridge co presenting makes it an absolute must watch .	0
happy beyday beyonce ! may the day be fierce and fabulous for all !	1
if you put the samsung s pen stylus in the galaxy note the wrong way you may break the pen and possibly . . . ff	2
i u ll try to take some more pics tomorrow u c i lost mi phone during the service and all i got right now is that pic i sent you	0
yes ! ! allowed to go to the concert in oslo in may ! ! d now all i need is to get those tickets . . .	1
it u s friday love question time i u m answering as many love questions as possible with cards and astrology now !	1
i asked my mom if i could go to disneyland on monday and she asked if lana parrilla was going to be there	1
tomorrow we have yoga for early birds ! atmananda vinyasa flow with ragia at am . get your yoga on before work !	0
david price still out in the th ? gonna love this guy . bluejays cometogether	1
u saw it here st welcome to miami ! ice cube and kevin hart are back in ridealong . see the brand new trailer here .	1
i m thinking of going tomorrow and then moving onto bolton from there to get city eagles	0
with arsenal in the middle of a major injury crisis who could they sign in january ?	0
 tickets sold for the milan derby next sunday	1
coming in from lcc in laporte to see you being it . excited about tomorrow s service ! !	1
why am i just now hearing j cole and kendrick tracks black friday . . . both of them are fire	1
people are suddenly starting to want justin amp ariana together amp i ve been waiting on them since they sat in a circle on set of victorious	1
if your going to metlife tomorrow . . have fun	1
almost saw you there . i was going to see ted but i d seen everything else so going monday night to combine it with ant man	0
the sun said they were going to end up the group and niall cleared the rumors saying they ll stay together	0
presidents day tomorrow . come on down u c there might even be cricket to watch before the festivities .	0
elton will be performing a solo piano set at the elton john aids foundation s gala benefit on oct in new york city	0
next thursday or friday they play maryland in new york for the first real game	0
cnn changes criteria for gop debate likely sending carly fiorina to prime time on tuesday cnn changed the . . .	0
in other news realised i seldom tweet these days i climbed mount snowdon on saturday with two wonderful friends . sh boom ! wales	1
it s too early . though to be clear . apple watch is already the market leader . and best performing apple product in st quarter	1
i just found that barcelona and real madrid are playing on sunday . . . i need sleeping pills . . .	0
when i go to digi and get a pic with myles and jack g together both kidding my cheek i may faint . . . because that s my goal	1
jason russell sets the record straight on nextchapter oct at c kony move	0
feels weird watching an apple event with so much suffering going on in syria 	2
mike dean will be the referee for the london derby game tomorrow . chelsea without john terry and martin atkinson might struggle . coys	0
hf for pay what you wish week ! oct nov 	0
i think since its twilight the books th anniversary twilight the movie should take home at least one oscar	1
 cinema this saturday . i would love to see ant man but he s not into marvel like i am so i believe i m gonna have to give it a miss .	0
rt anderson silva is the th best mw in the world . sonnen okami lombard silva . lol at p p best	1
tests show it is easy to insert galaxy note s s pen backwards doing so may damage device s stylus detection mec . . .	0
still have no costume for saturday if dead rock stars is on u c john belushi it is in juliet jake blues guise	0
selling tickets to ed sheeran on september th in miami please message or text me if you re interested asap	0
heat vs knicks is gonna be the most exciting st round series	1
when gucci st got out of jail after the poolstick incident i said lets do a tape . he declined due to the album he was working on .	2
had a dream last night that ej started sunday against the vikings and threw for over yards and tds . . .a man can dream right ?	1
instead of focusing on my psychology exam tomorrow . . all i can think about is vampire diaries ! obsessed netflixqueen	0
yeah no love from espn but they will to bring up the drama at every opportunity so we may get tons of coverage	0
criticizing her lack of preparedness isn t wrong . ira s post didn t say it was .	2
did you know that john cena was trending topic on tuesday for hours in providence ? trndnl	0
for those of us who worked labor day today was still a tuesday but for the rest of you folk this was your day !	1
although it s not paul mccartney just bought so you think you can dance live tix in nov for mom and i . we ll make it a night out 	1
why you are never too old for star wars . may the force be with you !	1
based on the constitution th amendment a ban on gay marriage is unconstitutional	2
your claims are based on hawaa . no knowledge of deen no adab about how to talk with muslims . may allaah disgrace u .	2
scott walker repeatedly avoided whether he would deport children born in the usa . maybe didn t get to the th amendment b he quit college .	0
fox chicago u c you make me angry . playing the vikings vs redskins over the nfc championship rematch ers vs giants tomorrow ? ? ? ?	2
rousey is not the hero we deserve	2
hurry up minneapolis janet jackson unbreakable tour tickets just a few left hurry up . minneapolis november first	1
i don u t want to go to school on monday . my excuse will be that hisd doesn u t have school lol 	2
but some of ya need to calm down u c there just snippets ! and besides we get to hear them on itunes on monday so it u s not really a big deal !	0
can we just really piss madrid off and sell de gea to barca in january	2
here u s all you need to know about upcoming lebronx drops thursday marks two launches blue diamond jade . teamlebron	0
kristin chenoweth will be on over the rainbow sunday night ! pm cbc . here she gives me a singing lesson . i u m bad .	1
kathy is selling tickets to the zac brown band concert tomorrow . message me if you want em .	0
toi israel admits killing of arafat u s deputy israel for the first time on thursday admitted responsibility . . .	2
 . . .so if you wanna love me then darlin don refrain or i ll just end up walking in the cold november rain . . . ay eso es nirvana b tanmk	0
clocked in . pc on . headphones in . pearl jam nirvana david bowie barry manilow don t judge me playlist on . . right monday bring it on	1
she said kurt cobain is her nd bae but she doesnt even know what he looks like uum	0
make plans now to join us in december for christmas concerts in north carolina maryland and florida . share the . . .	0
i just set my alarm ringtone with nandito ako . okay . see you tomorrow 	0
driving to tennessee tomorrow to see my brother this weekend ! ! literally just what i need to get the shit in this town out of my mind .	1
can s jerry may find a spot on donald trump s team in the us ! this guy is about at the same worse than awful level .should fit .	2
the skinny breezy may be getting it from riri and ex u c kt . getting that cake ! cake ! cake ! and eating it too . . . .	0
christians threatened with violence for worshipping christ . no not in saudi arabia . in texas .	2
so george osborne therera may amp yvette cooper all of whom want to be the next pm are teaming up to stop boris . he s the one they all fear	0
we go to the th as the cubs lead thanks to kris bryant s two run home	1
in th grade there was this boy that liked me but i hated him and for valentine s day he put a card in my locker w . in it . . . goals .	1
turkey is pretending to fight isis but target kurds ! erdogan wants to eliminated them like turkey did with armenians	2
love and harden hitting the deck in pursuit of loose balls early nd q . proof this is not an nba all star game .	0
hahaha yes donald i m visiting trump tower this sunday . i hope to see you ! jeb bush is a total joke as a candidate .	0
tomorrow is the day . i m gonna do a speech of st . patrick s day in honour . wish me luck ! 	1
yankees fall to red sox fail to gain ground on blue jays the scoreboard on the green monster showed a rare sight monday night a bl . . .	0
april jones tahiti cuba ? what s with total new york coverage ? uncareingworld	0
we have added a second night of yoga which will start this thursday at pm ! hope to see you there ! ymca	1
if i do end up going to the concert tomorrow i m gonna scream cheater when jason aldean walks on stage .	0
you do know the term bye felicia was made by ice cube in the movie friday and not some bullshit vine right ?	0
just finished watching st episode of accused . f king brilliant . yet again jimmy mcgovern triumphs . look forward to the rest .	1
soaked up the sun at venice beach ! he even got a tattoo ! hitchbotreturns teamchronicallyawesome	1
and they re gonna do a joke where someone from the cast tries to take zayn s spot and i m going to laugh angrily	0
nicki carried taylor so much in that performance tomorrow she s going to need a nicki massage . vmas	0
jesus when a tory government is slightly to the right of the sun . . .	2
what a round for paul dunne . rooting for the young irishman amateur hard tomorrow .	1
chadmmurray one of your infamous lucas scott quotes is going to be tattooed on me on sunday . a small	0
are you doing anything special for national hot dog day july ? ?	0
with j davlar th . main rivals are team poland . hopefully we an make it a successful end to a tough week of training tomorrow .	1
tomorrow kitchenparty live with kent whitaker what to do with thanksgiving leftovers	0
art on the town friday november brand new locations !	0
sam s new role ? bond girl sam smith may be singing the new theme song for the new james bond movie spectre . . .	0
i may or may not be dressing as zayn right now just so i can get cheap food at chipotle . noshame	0
haha ! my family just watched the red sox win and my love make hits while i sat at home and wrote my essay ! lol !	1
just a heads up tomorrow july rd is national hot dog day !	1
am i the only one pumped for jason aldean tomorrow ? ?	1
there you have it ! enabled by the lefts anti israel semitism and islam on the march what a deadly combo israel	2
pancakes for a dollar tomorrow at ihop . . . you re welcome	1
i ll bet scott walker thinks about march st a lot .	0
 years ago today josh hamilton who at one point hits consecutive hits hr in the st round of the hrderby .	0
cate blanchett may star in marvel s thor ragnarok the award winning actress is reportedly in the middle o . . .	1
literally just learned that otter was a thing on tuesday . gay roommate is teaching me so much .	1
i m gonna start listening to metric now so i can see them at bluesfest on the th .	0
experience the magic of xmas simply by popping into the range any time after late august bank holiday .	1
i can t believe i m going to see the foo fighters tomorrow !	1
curtis painter was asked in interviews today if as the lead singer of nirvana was getting the band back together .	0
daily lexus rolls styling dice with new rx . carbon fiber st in bmw series . autonomy could hurt trucking industry .	0
sitting at home on a saturday night watching magic mike xxl in bed with my dog and a pizza box wondering why i m still single .	0
still not over how nicki snapped like a th grader on their last day of high school	0
donald trump says if you re from syria and a christian you can t come to the u .s . as a refugee via	0
i recorded some diablo iii . and i will edit and upload it tomorrow	0
he waited to long with lennox he should of finished him u c both klitschko u s seem to wait till the th and th round to finish people	0
tough week but tmrw is a fresh start . the only good thing about monday is you get to start over . plus are on mnf ! greatness	1
this just in rui en joins elvin ng co . in clif u c scheduled to air feb . surprise ?	0
damn . i would totally buy the sun for this . future of news again free hawkeye lego with murdoch u s sun	1
a long put on trump clinching the nomination with a long call on the launch of a rd mainstream party . . . somebody ?	1
may allah give victory to the muslims over the oppression of the zionists raafidha khawarij crusaders ! ameeen !	1
tomorrow ! ! ! ! where to get free ice cream on national ice cream day sunday july th ! ! comment if you know of . . .	1
neymar was always gonna be something special . i honestly hate his role at barca he might be good but he has to play nd fiddle to messi	0
watching jurassic world for like the th time amp i still regret nothing	1
rt crimson confidential qb rb threat blake sims may be just offensive weapon bama needs	0
y all she may have made a pop album but nicki can kill almost anyone in this industry right now . gun to the head of everybody .	0
couldnt have said it better kendrick is the best but cole is definetely nd and deserves more . . .	1
i see the french rail unions are striking on the th u c do the french have half term or is it just aimed at the brits ?	0
google expands android wear smartwatch platform to ios google on monday rolled out android wear smartwatch harmony with . . .	0
 did you see that andy carroll header ? what technique ! c u mon ! that u s not technique . technique is passing the ball yards times . 	2
dr . murray do you have any openings for tomorrow morning ? drmurray need help . . .	0
 raw looks like rollins got himself a date w the present . randy orton def cesaro owens to advance to challenge for his th title !	0
selhurst park has always been a difficult place for chelsea . we re gonna make things easy tomorrow . cfc	1
friday aug th we in new haven ct u c for the kick back . . . its a luau get your beach wear ready ! . . .	0
serato dj isn t compatible with windows yet . . .got to spin on my old laptop saturday .	2
yep ucl clash with juventus too on th sep . i wish agueroooooo s hat trick today .	1
when digi is tomorrow but you re not going .	2
i m done writing code for the week ! looks like we ve developed a good a game for the show revenge on abc sunday premeres pm	1
one issue i had with the sting stuff but it also supporting one of my theories during mania . . . raw	2
i going on the th hope to find it hope you guys to good luck to all of us madonna fans	1
strong rumours that conor mcgregor will fight jose aldo on the th of december in texas mcgregor aldo ufc conormcgregorvjosealdo	0
register today to attend a free ! super saturday october in syracuse new york with president nigel branson ! 	1
if i go to ihop tomorrow i m gonna feel like i m cheating on denny s and idk how i feel about that 	0
saudi arabia announces muslim anti terror alliance of islamic nations saudi arabia announced tuesday the form . . .	0
oct the washington monument officially opened to the general public . have you been to visit ?	0
what is jamie foxx doing sitting next to niall like you could ve sat in a better spot just saying lol	0
so after watching straight outta compton which was amazing ice cube may have had one of the best diss tracks of all time ! lol	1
i d call it plugins but apple calls it complications	2
 pulse ng sunday oliseh super eagles coach says he has been approached before	0
i did my fafsa last wednesday that same day i got approved for a loan ! but get on it girllllll ! don u t procrastinate !	1
babe just left to tucson . won u t see him till saturday . badtime	2
 secret may sound like a love song but it s really about spirituality and self empowerment . it s about god being in all of us madonna	1
so ready for my birthday . the big sixteen ! sweetsixteen november !	1
youtube gaming launches tomorrow with ios and android apps to go head to head with twitch ios game	0
carly fiorina wants special treatment . the criteria was published may . she didn t cut it so there s that .	0
saw straight outta compton . .and i didn t know ice cube wrote the script for friday !	0
boko haram commander was arrested after a raid in the sect s camp in bama borno state yesterday august nd . . . .	0
anybody wanna go to the jason aldean concert september th with me ?	0
trying to do the same ha . but i ve been good . just waiting to be up in auburn with y all in january	1
so i ll be stuck in charleston all day tomorrow . who s fucking with me .	2
white sox tie it up mariners white sox bottom th	0
went to see rise of the planet of the apes tonight . it was pretty dope i give it bananas .	1
amy lee now go get some rest u c tomorrow u s gonna be a big day 	1
five great free apps and games for ios august th edition it s that time of the week again . . . news lchbuzz	1
has played with messi in argentina cr in madrid rooney in mu and now with zlatan at p g . . . . . . . . simply di mar	1
not for nothing bret . .but carly fiorina gets absolutely no press . i mean she is actually rd in iowa ! ! !	0
it u s not too late to join us at lipa come along to our first session tomorrow to try it out . . am at the joseph wright centre in . . .	0
we have been informed of caltrain u s delay of min . we a nd shuttle on route for the delayed train . call .	0
i thought star wars day was may th be with you theforceisstrongwiththisone	1
c u mon avila ! you just got tagged out by a guy who looks like the kid bill murray was researching in the royal tenenbaums ! tigers	0
news alarm josh hamilton lf tex josh hamilton knee is taking batting practice on the field . he could be activated on monday .	0
tomorrow is national ice cream day . do what you will with this knowledge . i m probs gonna eat some ice cream .	1
fell asleep during magic mike xxl . . . . .guess we are just gonna have to rewatch it tomorrow . . . . .daaaarn	0
nuit blanche is this weekend and with it comes seeing people i miss a lot . why isn t it saturday yet ? ! ? ! fb	2
fresh copper river salmon this weekend ! starts friday night don t miss it ! !	1
kevin hart . . .state fair . . .eric church to finish off august the right way	1
caitlyn jenner may not be down with gay marriage but she should really understand that people are gonna see that as hypocritical .	2
what s the best way to get audio recordings from a rd party app off of an ios device ? jailbreaking isn t an option .	1
and if you feel lawful and that you are full enough . may allah guide you aright and so he knows islam has no beginning and no end .	0
the birds pt amp pt rolling stone gone the zone	0
so says the galaxy note and s edge t mobile release is tomorrow instead !	1
i m a fan of music but when it comes he s my babe .that s so sweet from u dmd it s their st song without zayn 	1
i don t remember seeing all you cowboys fans in august . . .just sayin	2
indian congress party leaders sonia and rahul gandhi are due to appear in court on saturday in connection with . . .	2
it s amazon prime day using the autism sprinter link it s a new as good as getting deals on a black friday ! ! . . .	1
kurt cobain how low ? me i may or may not be a little in love with atl don t judge me .	0
happy th birthday to the one and only conor mcgregor ! !	1
sunday morning quiet day so time to welcome in windows 	1
i u ve always liked the sun devils they have great representation on girls gone wild	1
shit u s going down this sat . at neighborhood theatre drop !thard	2
my thursday nights arent the same without waterloo road	0
praise the sun dark souls stress test sign ups are open	0
welcome home from nigeria ! my nd guest blog post is up on us biosimilars market will you read ? 	1
david ortiz blasted his th career home run during the red sox win over the phillies on saturday	0
congrats to prx for capping the st settlement on harvest ! eu settlements went to futilez kittens dark souls and frozen . dastal	1
iron maiden announce first ever double album the book of souls that will arrive on september th ! 	1
are you going as wednesday adams ? ?	0
 aug the day of independence the day of sacrifices of muslims the victory of pakistan i proud to be a . . .	0
the happy nasa video as curiosity landed nerd equivalent of the live feeds of bubble teams making the ncaa tourney on selection sunday	1
it s already thursday here soooo tomorrow i m going to milan with my best friends ! jfdlsajfdsads	1
in that same election libdems lower than bnp independent socialist party amp amp indipendant . rd party my arse . votes for ukip by the	0
glenn beck says he ll be in the owner s box for a redskins game this sunday	0
halloween bingo with curtis will begin at pm in the st floor activities room today	0
hey it s monday . just remember cate blanchett as galadriel . have a great week everyone .	1
what s new in . aj styles returns and may fued with seth rollins for the title . . the return of asteroid on jmwe nxt	0
 rahulstrikes pls ask rahul gandhi if he forgot the th n th charge as he was referring to a piece of paper and with borrowed aggression	2
the game where i took that photo that was my mother s day gift to my mom . . .toronto vs red sox on may this season	1
so u sat down with sophia grace and rosie to tea and it was awesome ! d	1
marty was in nebraska yesterday giving a talk that included bullying that made the news there . fun times learning !	1
son i saw a house last night was . mil behind hella trees that looked like the palace from aladdin no bullshit lol	0
friends is gonna be on netflix in january you re welcome	1
david price s night may have just ended with his th strikeout of the game .	0
 st this writer implies i copied kpop now lectures me to know it . what s the korean word for backtrack ?	0
as they eventually arrived at the ramen shop naruto would march inside and sit down . ramen time ! 	0
bad blood by taylor swift feat . kendrick lamar stays in top for th week on the billboard hot peaked at 	1
the hokage sat at his desk it was getting dark and he was getting ready to go home . another quiet day at the office . naruto had been in 	0
i want tickets to the thursday game heat vs knicks game hmm . . .	0
left my niggas house paid picked up a girl been tryna fuck since the th grade ice cube	0
touche ! back in my day tfi friday and chris evans was relevant . . . . .how times have changed	1
 assad may be dictator but he ruled over secular state that protected minorities christians alawite others syria	0
jessica updates fans saying she will be back soon on weibo .she posted on october th i was so amazed by all . . .	1
i just saw degrassi cause i missed id on friday your so cute !	1
ant man felt like the st ironman movie me . that s good . it did feel like films grafted onto each other . not as good but not bad either	1
cost efficient ips cells manufacture process developed for myocardial cells with a th of conventional budget nhk 	0
christians muslims and hebrews alike unite and may the teachings of god solidify the cause of a worldwide government body and its courts .	0
sting returns to monday night raw and challenges seth rollins for the wwe world heavyweight championship ! ! ! it s . . .	1
former uab amp amateur golfer paul dunne is in a way tie for the lead at the open championship at going into tomorrow s final round .	0
hi ashley u c my country u csouth korea like the us will be the presidential election on december 	0
hi my name is dayle abd you re my inspiration ! rt follow if you see this ? 	1
ok seriously what day do you think niall will fly back to london ? th th or later after his birthday ? ?	0
david wright hits singles . enough of the hoopla he didn t exactly prove mlb ready for tomorrow . . . mets	0
louis knocked briana up in february they didn t meet til may it s not his kid it is his kid me 	2
need to go see lana del rey in may but i u m pretty sure i u ll be busy with exams then 	2
so excited to be going with my lil girl jaz to see ed sheeran amp christina perry tomorrow night daddyjazadventures	1
global pi day march representing . july pi approximation day 	0
tune in on september th it s going to be a night of great fights floyd mayweather highstakes	1
it feels like friday . . i been all over starkville today u c just cruisin n shit	0
can t wait to see the lame ass think pieces about how nicki is an angry black woman and how she was mean to miley tomorrow	0
fernando alonso has already signed for mclaren according to niki lauda who claims he signed last thursday	0
unc leads the all time series against uva by to . come november th u c fedora and the boys are gonna make it .	0
there s also a good chance we see ventura relieve in the th .	1
happy birthday prince george you are so cute	1
christie kasich make cut for fox debate rick perry out john kasich secured the ninth and th spots respectiv . . .	0
only seats remaining for nov mother son bulls game outing ! click here for tickets don t miss it .	0
happy friday everybody ! does anybody else have a google page ? let s connect if you have one ! ! ! . . .	1
i am listening to s with version of bad blood for the th time this night .hope you come to australia with pmj	1
i ll upload the rest of my videos from metlife tomorrow i m dead .	0
jeb bush thinks if he only uses st name we won t think about bushes negative name recognition use bush alot lol	0
this may be unexpected but i found a very special lady with similar personalities ! nicki and miley beef is over !	1
you may have attributed this to the wrong tom brady .	0
favorite this tweet if you want to be my date to foo fighters at wrigley field this saturday	1
got new aesop rock u c master ace doom u c nas u c flatbush zombies u c jon connor u c cyhi ready for the flight tomorrow u c been sleepin on lots of shit	0
had a u low u moment . . .then i thought u c why ? wks on tuesday i see noel gallagher up close with the best boy in the world . . .now i u m smiling 	1
listening bear mccreary battlestar galactica u ost makes me wanna see this amazing tvshow again . one day i u ll see it for the th time p bsg	1
another one to note . . .dustin johnson th hole . hits into bunker off tee credited with pt instead of . avis	0
sorry everyone but it s not every night that you have cate blanchett over for dinner . . .	1
can t wait for tomorrow going to charleston for the weekend	1
thor is ready to fight at the stadium arena sweden nov th this battle of the norse giants sees the game . . .	1
reagan will be here early friday morning . which she will share the same birthday as my brother . toddeugenefreeman excited miracle	1
fired by roman by nov cameo in sharknado where he gets all limbs eaten off	0
had a full conversation about zayn leaving one direction with my education professor in front of the whole class today . happy wednesday	1
very unfair west indies players to fly back on their own expense after the th odi in dharamsala timesnow indvswi westindies	2
david beckham scored a goal for parents monday striking back against all the critics who tell us they know how . . .	1
i stand with harper on this . you shouldn t be leaving in the th on what essentially is a playoff game . it s not like the game went	0
 . . . and the rd is national hot dog day 	1
hear keynote speaker doug wead this saturday u c june th at e the event . don u t miss it !	1
an hour afternoon nap in hype park though the first half of the football in the sun . . . nice !	1
with the spireites short of defensive options ahead of saturday u s fa cup first round tie at home to	0
rolling stone releases the official gop debate drinking game the republicans will take the stage thursday nig . . .	0
crawfish tomorrow nothing like having it in the comfort of your own home ! 	1
boise state s jerseys for the game saturday are sick . you won t be dissapointed .	1
oklahoma s new open carry law goes into effect today . check james keeton s article about the law in our latest issue .	0
this is awesome ! ! good for the foo fighters !	1
no one can hold a candle to queen coco . if she u s still doing shows in august for my wedding we have to go ! ! !	1
for those who hate it when i tweet about big brother i may be finished for the season . depends what happens in the next minutes . bb 	2
wednesday u s laugh eskom a little old lady answered a knock on the door one day u c only to be confronted by a . . .	0
ay up you still want me to get you a pair of tickets for the sunderland match on nd jan . pm ko ?	0
but california gurls u c teenage dream u c firework u c e .t u c last friday night and part of me were number u c katy broke the record ! ! d	1
genuine history in british sport . forget murray tomorrow one british rider wins a mountain finish another takes the maillot jaune .	0
all android wear is comparable with ios now i believe . i may be wrong though	0
when eric church sings hell on the heart tomorrow i will cry . there s no doubt about it .	1
getting hype about the pga championship on thursday ! as much as i want tiger to win i m throwing my duckets on dustin johnson .	1
whoever took their baby to the pm friday screening of magic mike xxl you re my hero .	1
did anybody notice jurassic world is currently the rd highest grossing film in domestic box office history ? damn . . .	1
i ll be in bilbao for few days from tomorrow . i d like to book for two for the first of nov dinner . possible ?	0
actually u c i u d like to omit the vaccines from my top and move kasabian in at th u c with the enemy dropping to th . told you i can u t do it .	2
hulk hogan s team calls leak of rant a low blow hulk hogan s legal team in its lawsuit against gawker says the website may have leak . . .	0
i just saw norman reedus in his car and i there may or may not be a tear in the corner of my eye because that s daddy	1
happy sunday to you ms . curtis ! i hope you have an awesome day ! thank you for all of your hard work !	1
reelz is going to broadcast miss usa tomorrow finally someone is brave enough to step up . nbc s liberal ways has got to go ! ! !	0
evrn worse for people born around th november . just the result of a valentine s shag .	2
also on west liberty . . . it does not play a regular season game in february .	0
meeting up tomorrow night back at shawn and amy s to hang out eat and discuss the first chapter from . see you then !	0
 ths are in striking distance of promotion the title . sunday is presidents day . be great to get as many of us together . pm legends v club	1
morning ! ! ! ! soundset was popin and hot as a tity but time to waken bake easy the sun burn haaa	1
just saw the announcement from tomorrow s movie for cinemaunderthestars is jurassic park .	0
average attendance for serie a clubs so far this season . milan th with via	0
mom u c can i miss a on thursday ? if you love me you u ll say yes . hopefultweet	1
taylor tried to milk the lgbt community again on sunday night . why am i the only gay man that s seeing through her bullshit ?	2
at wembley england san marino in the thursday night europa league slot	0
david de gea has been told by manchester united to forget about joining real madrid in january the sun 	0
rt you can watch the movie four lions on channel in the uk next sunday at pm see where i get all my jokes from . . .	0
if me and friends wanted to stop by the t mobile hq on the way back from pax monday would that be cool ?	1
a very happy eid greetings to all of you may your lives be blessed ameen	1
somewhere in appleland steve jobs just spit his morning coffee onto his computer screen . eah !	2
skillsusa graphic arts members spent time volunteering at the horn of plenty fall food drive on sunday afternoon !	0
big is growing as a new sport clothes brand that will see the light on december th during pacquiao vs marquez iv at the mgm grand . big	0
pls rt bolton society for blind people are bringing vegas to bolton with a charity dinner on sep bsbp	0
texans meet back up with mario williams this sunday	0
that game will be on sun night at eastern in la and for vancouver it u s seavrsl tomorrow night at . mlsplayoffs	0
 iamachristianbut i use star wars star trek lord of the rings or a cheesy s movie reference in almost every sunday school lesson .	1
syrian bishop if the war continues as seems likely . . .all the christians will leave syria . 	0
stoops says he appreciates uk allowing football program to host a thursday night game next season against auburn .	1
video kanye west helps vmas break u .s . twitter record sunday night s mtv video music awards were the video	0
dana asked when chael started his job with fox and chael response was oct st on fuel tv	0
thank god we don t have to wait til pm tomorrow for the next one . david price tomorrow goat	1
sam smith tonight hoping tomorrow s gonna be a better day 	1
attn beginning oct st munzee . will be the only app available for ios and android . also . . is in review and includes bug fixes .	1
naaa i wrote on my ipod and im too lazy to convert it to my computer lol im recording it tomorrow	2
catching up on movies before they leave theaters . trainwreck was as good as everyone says it is . tomorrow ant man .	1
everybody that came from twilight marked as th graders ! so with this ged shit i still graduate on time and go to college	1
tears of the sun is wayyyyy better than act of valor	1
i admire the relationship u have with your family . lol iron man u s a pretty suitable costume . good luck monday go saints !	1
first look at the tv version of minority report ! the movie may have starred tom cruise but ca . . . via	1
so i haven u t seen this friend since th grade and i just found out she u s in the covina band ! they go to utah !	0
a never ending gold rush in china china u c the largest producer of gold u c may also become the biggest consumer of . . .	1
come along to business in crisis at the conservative party conference tomorrow pm jurys inn birmingham	0
saltalamacchia is the th red sox catcher to hit at least hr in back to back seasons u c joining carlton fisk u c rich gedman and jason varitek	0
things you can always count on on thursday of a major dustin johnson leading tiger woods over par .	0
although the evidence against rahul gandhi may be debatable but media persons are not even showing the same on tv . why so afraid ?	0
dealbook clearwire is sought by sprint for spectrum sprint disclosed on thursday that it had offered to buy a sta . . .	0
i u m gonna dress up as the burger king man to make courtney happy on friday lol soserious	1
stop talking about niall and camila ! let s discuss latitud altitud cercania mar clima china !	2
a delhi court said on tuesday congress president sonia gandhi and rahul gandhi will have to appear before it on . . .	0
i ll go to the office h hour earlier and watch federer s game tomorrow !	1
trying to make plans to get my tattoo tomorrow and go see paper towns .	0
why does everyone want to give eli manning credit for every win . the truth is sunday u s game should have been a blowout .	0
last tuesday we asked who is the greatest england captain ever ? and the winner is steven gerrard of votes . nd place for bobby moore	1
finding out that its national margarita day on a thursday this year just made having no class on friday thaaaat much better excited	1
 st journey to the center of the earth u c nd journey to the mysterious island u c and the rd ? ? ? journey from the earth to the moon 	0
yepo i came in milan it was my st concert and it was so good you guys did an amazing job ! you are flawless live like perfect !	1
lol ! jason ethan went tues thought it was good . i didn u t fancy going cole was out all day nite with archie ! loner	1
 myyouthin words david bowie queen doctor who . . . classic dw with tom baker th doctor . . .	1
scotus rules against clerk in gay marriage case kim davis s lawyer says she will show tues and accept her fate .	0
hope u have a great show tonight . me the chi in girls are so excited to see you in london tomorrow !	1
i am going to the seminar richie hawtin official page is hosting at concordia this monday . first time going to . . .	0
i found you ! ! ! ! ! ! i m the one that sat right in front of you with my aunt is there any chance you took a vid of niall	1
 . tells nh crowd a rd grader could have done better when it comes to the iran nuclear deal fitn nhpolitics	0
ladies come throw that ass and niggas come throw that cash hypelounge tomorrow my birthday bash btw nitemoves foam party we still having it	1
counter attack and ucla reclaims the lead . it s in the th minute . goals galore so far .	1
that u s what i like to hear ! friday is my margarita day	0
plans for the weekend movies u c watch tennessee dominate saturday i hope and go to church solid	0
hey today is the th . . . . .taylor kitsch s hockey jersey number !	1
ronda rousey lose please lose saturday night . i don t like her . she talked grimy about my dude floyd mayweather .	2
new england patriots quarterback tom brady addressed the media on sunday	0
if i remember correctly you re a conor mcgregor fan . if you didn t hear the jose aldo match is set for dec th in vegas .	1
my hormones are spiraling out of a control u c i am crying over the jeremy kyle show for not the st or the nd but the rd time today wut	2
gonna record me and ciarans mash up of fleetwood mac songs tomorrow ha ! so bad ! ! but it s fun	1
i can u t even try now cuz it closed at pm . . funny though maria said u guys may go away that week ? i had asked if she wanted to go	2
excited for the nuggets game tomorrow !	1
today in beatles history march paul mccartney is inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame .	1
chelsea goes to school tomorrow you ask to wear sweats . . i go to school and i get an insta post . . you do the math	0
i love you ! thatisall its me camilla parker bowles remember ? lol see you monday i hope ! fingers crossed xxxx	1
the interview in the wwat film may be my favorite ever they were just so relaxed and themselves	1
what if this whole vettel and alonso thing is just an april fools joke ?	2
the fact that they re cheering trump proves it .	2
come see my brother tonight at the roxy ! an events page found on google for my show tomorrow !	0
it does look as if george osborne had his st in the old viewing lounge at windsor .	1
byu head coach dave rose said after practice that he anticipates a different starting lineup for saturday s exhibition finale v . findlay .	0
so tomorrow when calibraska comes out everyone go get it and make it go to number ! calibraskaep	1
wednesday preview sixteen players do battle for quarter finals media notes for the bnp paribas open an atp w . . .	0
td bank we welcome you into littlehavana but please do not raze the s bldg on the corner of sw th calle ocho . keep the facade .	1
and that is why messi is the best in the world . good game though . now to wait till october .	1
melissa mccarthy and margo martindale ! congrats ! any other mm s tonight ?	1
don t act like azealia won t jank nicki in her shit . she may be a skinny but she got them four weights .	0
espn s chris mortensen reported that the browns fear slb scott fujita s career may be over due to a neck injury .	2
 flexthursday ! ! dis thursday ! ! ! ! !wit crows nest we calln out da whol souf kum kick it wit pinkcity ! ! ! ! ! ! !	0
i m talking about what happened between hyung jun and u kiss . some kissme accuse us of disrespectful	2
mayweather ends feud with rousey i wish her nothing but the best 	0
omg ! u orphan u is going to be watched in tv tomorrow after u the amazayn race philippines u . . get ready monday u c imma coming 	0
we are so excited to celebrate international women s friendship month with you ! be there tomorrow in eleanor searle at pm 	1
lol aulas still mad about the penalty zlatan took a nd time a few month ago . i m delighted by the fact that he is still butt hurt about it !	0
josh reddick was a big fan of that taylor kitsch guy from battleship when he was on friday night lights and had the hair .	1
may all the power of barca and messi be with you this season !	1
aww . .you know i u d be down to go but in leaving to utah tomorrow hold it down for long beach tho !	0
with a win tonight amp a rangers loss the twins can move into the nd wc spot . fyi the rangers are facing david price amp the blue jays .	0
you may wanna update the hat on david price	0
slider to center by mark trumbo and that will do for the top rd . mariners lead white sox .	0
i really want to tweet me since i bought tickets to his concert october th irving plaza nyc	1
christians never downplay the importance of living an authentic life for christ . your life may be the only bible someone ever sees .	0
how are these fools talking about niners are the best team in the nfc .last time i checked u c the giants shat on them . held them to fg in th	2
i m so glad my boss scheduled me till on the friday night before sats thankyoubitch	1
i see that hulk hogan is not sat with the nwo nxttakeover	0
 judge me if you want but ima make sure i don t miss the miss usa pageant tomorrow . there s nothing like watching beautiful women . . .	1
samsung may be getting ready to unveil the galaxy note and galaxy s edge in just a few days but the korea . . .	1
paul dunne at the th tee with the bridge over the swilcan burn and the royal amp ancient golf club in the . . .	0
gets bitches interested dark souls may well mark the end of my shit . i thought it was localised . it was that	0
paul dunne had some day today at st .andrews . . . brilliant achievement so far for an amateur be great to see him stay in touch tomorrow .	1
back from ant man for the nd time ! love that film .	1
cate blanchett is excellent in the movie carol . great piece in sunday styles . she pulls it off perfectly .	1
tired of mark may trying to sell you on vt having a shot ? well anderson vs murray has been worth all hours thus far . usopen espn 	0
off to the grind when really i just want to make shows write features amp do interviews all day to the music of fleetwood mac . happy thurs !	1
sometime in the night at hot jam on monday i fell and scraped both my knees and it still hurts to bend them smh	2
this is awful . first the charlie hebdo shootings back in january now all of this that s happening tonight .	2
wait comedy central isnt on freeview is it ? also loving that i predicted this last night	2
went to grand bend saturday . . someone drowned that night in the lake .	2
just finished watching the bounty hunter u c gerald butler jennifer aniston . checking it out for the nd time around . funny !	1
training camp resumes today and tuesday at maverik center at a .m . and is open to the public . the team returns to the oval wednesday .	0
any evil twins you may have won t be able to break windows s facial recognition security . so that s reassuring .	1
join us in the av dept on weds aug at pm to watch the free movie u c joyful noise for all ages u cunder age needs adult . stdlav	1
i m starting to think kane may just be a one season wonder .	2
wat time pst or p .m . pacific does the summer oatch launch tomorrow on ps ?	0
oney thursday and friday metlife for giants jets saturday . shaping up to be one hell of a st birthday weekend with	1
studs on sunday john henson adam morrison the bucks top to bottom talor battle lac also the all stars mvps	0
paul dunne s lowest round of the year in college for was . he just shot in the rd rd of amp is tied for the lead	0
hey there david taylor . nice to have you along sir . how is your friday ? mushroomfm	1
headlines nadal confirms for mexican open in february rafael nadal plans to play at the mexican open in februa . . .	0
also the red sox do not have a challenge . they lost it in the th . this shouldn t be reviewed .	2
the new head honcho gives his thoughts in tomorrow s argus . business as usual is the gist .	0
yes sir ! airasia s inagural flight . thank you sir jim for the photo opportunity and reply . my st time to b tweeted back ! yehey !	1
truth a good film with great work by cate blanchett . deserves more screens than that .	0
there are people who only watched ant man for the upstate ny cameo and the nd credit scene . civil war is going to be pretty big .	0
i wish you a very happy and peaceful eid . may allah accept your good deeds .	1
friday u c october th talib kweli idle warship with res at the adrienne arsht center !	0
so i guess dropping in on the kardashians was just her st gig ? the new fresh hillary primed for reality tv generation !	0
man utd recall de gea ? ceballos to liverpool ? arsenal want milan star ? back pages for sept 	0
chelsea and liverpool lost now i hope milan wins and juventus lose tomorrow and it will be the perfect weekend	0
moto g rd gen vs xiaomi mi i who hold the best place in market ? via	0
end of the st quarter . are down to the wichita wild	0
selling tickets for the vamps tour london o on the nd of april block face value . dm for more details ! ! ! !	1
the broadsheet september nd good morning broadsheet readers ! carly fiorina moves toward the gop debate mai . . .	0
someone want to take me to dunkin tomorrow before school	0
best day watching some baseball in the sun . go red sox ! fenwaypark boston redsox fenway park	1
not sure which ira is for you ? i can help you answer any questions you may have . message me to learn more .	0
james franklin may be a good recruiter but i have never been impressed with his in game coaching . psuvsmich	2
i u m going to bullet for my valentine at o academy glasgow in glasgow u c united kingdom mar 	0
it s a busy monday . dangerously hot . nfl legend frank gifford dies and more violence in ferguson mo . we are on the air now . wakeupwith 	2
follow u c find her on november . meet her . she u ll be at the bell center by pm its her dream meet u ! ! 	1
in my opinion . . . making jokes about hiv helps me personally cope with living with the virus . i know others may . . .	1
we are having a sunday worship event today at am in the matthews suite ! come enjoy the lord with us and connect with other christians !	1
michael jackson bad will air november on abc . make sure you watch it ! 	0
i can t wait till my show in elizabeth at club paradise on saturday ima be wavy and turnt the fuck up !	1
today in the lounge comedy central has the real billy t and antonia ! is coming for bon temps vamps .	0
as of august roman reigns dean ambrose and seth rollins have worked the most matches so far for the year . . . .	0
kim kardashian may i ask you to check my profile ? because there s a limited secret to stars kim hollywood	0
we re on fire at the moment we ve a tory government by ukip design implementing our great ukipmanifesto amp the st brexit vote	1
who starts college on th it s like prison on independence day . thought she s just yrs elder den u	2
how ironic is it that senior year starts tomorrow and never grow up by taylor swift just started playing on shuffle	1
 k white laser spxi nissan titan fog light halogen bulbs which use the latest revolutionary xe . . .	0
just bought my ticket to go m watch the romeo santos concert in theater . nov needs to hurry up ! ! i u m so excited	1
and were surprised to find it contained the th season of game of thrones . . .	1
won a ticket to see m tonight at the hammerstein ballroom ! leaving class and running to th ave . . .see you soon	1
when you have to wait for a table on a friday morning at ihop	2
ah u c maybe you also prefer zulu . thanks u c no relation ! but where u c exeter ? btw the th emergency service is the coastguard .	1
sorry about that . don u t miss the one that u s coming on friday though u c trayvon u s family are going to be there .	2
redbacks collapse against tigers ricky ponting and luke butterworth made wednesday a tough day at the office for . . .	0
im seeing you november aka in the hood u c make me your ollg and i u ll pay you in chicken nuggets	0
how you gunna let falcao and james rodriguez beat you guys on saturday ? lol good stuff brutha keep it up	1
 nd look at the end of the botched move between kevin owens and john cena tonight at wwehampton	0
rousey s next fight is january nd so i guess i better reserve seconds of my time on that day to watch it .	0
who is funding these chris christie ads ? st jude couldn t get him the nomination . may as well be bobby jindal .	2
 ari heard circe u s giggle and sat up in her hammock er u c anybody there ? she called out u c scanning the shore line of the 	0
happy monday ! start your week off right with a deltaview on the world bank u s lowered growth forecast for china 	1
gucci trousers other self confidentness november snowball the duet yours different rapport reduction until nay . . .	0
anyone going to tomorrow night s nz vs tonga game ? what colours will you be wearing ?	0
looks like dustin johnson won t be winning the pga championship after shooting an on the st hole . choke pgachampionship	2
lionel messi may be the best player to ever grace the field ! ! ! he is also best player of this generation hands down !	1
man friday of modi is credited with the success . but modi galvanised the cadre through his rallies . he caught peoples emagination	1
all i wanna do is see jason aldean on the rd w and someone force jill to go	0
throwback to my like th birthday when my bff at the time got me the mariah carey cd . lol only cause my bday is coming up !	1
there s so many concerts going on around here sam smith tomorrow then nicki then kellh clarkson and pentatonix xd	1
i swear dustin johnson is winning at the end of the st rd rounds of every golf major	1
 kca votejkt id soslistenedto calum listened to and tweeted about sunday bloody sunday live by u !	0
my friend is gonna see frank ocean tomorrow and kanye the day after yall imma go cry	1
last year on september th i was meeting ed sheeran and this year on september th i m going back to school . . . opposite of glo up	0
watch out for jeff carter he may try to mount !	1
c mon christine even you know tony blair is a has been .	2
awesome round and congrats on your st tour victory ! enjoy the ritz carlton and kapalua plantation course . . .you u ve earned it !	1
naia walsh university is beating ohio state with left in the st half in an exhibition ncaa men s basketball game .	0
eid is on the rd and th of september si they just extend to friday so we can have a day holiday 	0
so stoked ! i u m going to the irving plaza nyc show on november th c 	1
watch out for nigeria gej pre recorded speech tomorrow live from the tape via nta .	0
 . i missed star wars and saturday night fever but made it in time for grease so there s that .	1
i m going to sam smith at austin city limits festival in austin tx oct 	0
rt the yr old real madrid signed isn t just an advanced passer . kid can pee standing up at a th grade level . . .	0
tgif ! come out and celebrate the fact that it s a long weekend amp that tomorrow is gameday ! we have graham harper . . .	1
you get ready st . i otw back from school only . on ur skype st	0
i want justin bieber tickets my birthday is may and he s coming may and to boston	1
starkville saturday ! i might just wear my ole miss stuff haha not	0
sarurday pat caddell demanded hillary face tough questions and male interviewers tuesday she talks with gay ken doll david muir and cries	0
you may find this hard to believe u c but viola davis was a troublemaker back in the day . see . . .	2
my copy of iron maiden s new album will be with me tomorrow 	1
juventus sign inter midfielder harnanes turin sep italian football champions juventus have bolstered the . . .	0
john cena has done make a wishes . one for every point the dow dropped on friday when he was at the nyse .	0
i am leaving uni at to get to albion then having to catch a am train to get back for the tuesday lecture .	0
being able to wake up before the sun rises and not depend on coffee is pretty convenient . . .still gonna buy some joe tho lol	1
may just start watching john cena vines . . .	0
might as well go see ant man for the th time again since its release . .	1
nekromantix the black rose phantoms the spoofs and clownvis will be performing at the house of blues on dec ! i got free tix ! lets go !	1
the primary was on a thursday in to avoid the labor day conflict cc 	0
i have an extra ticket for kenny chesney and jason aldean saturday at metlife if you want to go let me know !	1
i m going to be so emo tomorrow at the concert bc the best buy theater is so special bc thats where i first saw shawn headline a show ever	1
the game of the night cowboys vs . jets romo is back but the jets are ready to win now with their amazing d but can sanchez lead this team ?	1
ruto becomes the th kenyan to take the presidents seat .	0
what s stopping jay z puffy cent lil wayne from doing the same if they haven t already ?	2
the fact that cbs is doing their sec game of the week in lexington on the th speaks volumes about what stoops has done at uk bbn	0
wwe to reveal statue for seth rollins on monday s raw ? it looks like we may finally get the missing statue of . . .	0
is seth rollins the most talked about wwe champion of all time of being clowned every monday nite ? ?i mean everybody takes turns on him	0
 episodes of family guy tonight on bbc . put a slight smile on my face 	1
absolutely gutted . wish i could watch rt lloyd robertson set to end year run as national news anchor tonight	2
are you sure of the bets which one can make in vegas ? e .g . gatorade katy perry . i think those may only be available offshore .	0
attending the world music festival ? bring in your ticket and receive a wrap and drink for only ! fri u c sept mon u c sept thurs u c sept 	0
cannot wait to catch you guys lost horizon in cuse on sunday back to where i saw you guys for the st time ever !	1
lakers gonna lose to the clippers tomorrow and gonna think the world is over . . relax y u all okay but not gonna win the west	2
 . . .which ends up with more photographs of prince george on the front covers of newspapers ! that worked well . . .	1
can cate blanchett win her rd oscar with truth ? check out her acclaimed performance today amp see for yourself	0
we u re going to ricks cafe on thursday ! or come here anyday !	0
did you know lady gaga reads letters to a young poet every morning ?	0
miyagi just got banned from yoga . he was caught him sniffing the sphincter of the girl in front of him . there may be police involvement !	2
hi niall ! tomorrow is th amp she absolutely loves u . if you could pls tweet her it would make her day !	1
vampire diaries greys scandal wtgawm tgit amp the pats game ! ! so happy it s thursday ! !	1
there is nothing about thor odin or druids in the bible . those are the gods white people worshipped st	0
this is some background on angela merkel amp the palestinian girl you may have heard about . via	1
wls quick look caitlyn jenner st public reunion with ex wife selfie 	0
one of the has to go to milan for work so may end up being auto drafted unless he can get set up on hotel wifi !	0
you and me both . was chatting to about th wall breaking after ant man	1
 chicago sun times kris bryant and justin grimm went to the bears game at soldier field on their day off cubs	0
xbox live deals with gold for september th evolve amp battlefield 	0
 u not going there w bush years dennis kucinich speaks dnc on aug . wake up america	0
mta agent to me this card has been damanged since yesterday morning . me but i used it last night . mta no you didn t . 	0
happy almost national ice cream day ! we re running a flavorfaceoff may the best flavor win	1
belgian grand prix m final super sunday the ashes and tiger woods in contention tonight sofaday	0
hey mindless behavior i was at ur concert on saturday at the dar constitution hall . great p	1
i don t understand the narrative that thor owned the game because of that first pitch . the royals got to him in the st amp nd right ?	2
briana just sat her ass there while matt said he s done with her sister ? this chic ! she deserves everything she gets ! littlewomenla	2
heavy cream were my oxen of the sun u c jeffbro my circe u c the patco line my eumaeus . now u c at the appointed hour u c i u ve returned to ithaca .	0
kendrick lamar s black friday freestyle is one of the best songs of the week .	1
go to sleep briana you have work tomorrow lol	0
because a former member of the marine corps needs your support this sunday at summer slam ! ! and his name is john cena !	1
the bee gees third album was called bee gees st when in fact as i have just said it was their third album . beegeesthirdalbum	0
federer advances into fourth round at us open in the blazing new york sun federer seems to be in his element . . .	1
ap students don t forget to read bentley ch . for monday and complete the writing exercise by tuesday . have a great weekend !	1
sam smith confirms he will sing theme to new james bond film spectre the guardian	0
haha black dahlia was my favorite song by them too ! ! i miss you too . are you still going to miss may i ? ? 	1
djokovic has worse antics than murray in my opinion . but he s my nd fav player after king roger .	0
i might go see foo fighters monday . just got to get acquainted with their songs except for the mainstream ines	0
john danks retires the royals lineup in order in the rd th and th innings . white sox still leading top of .	0
there s no love lost btw them but angela merkel will present the biography of her predecessor gerhard schroeder on sept reports	0
after reviewing my texts pictures from thurs sat u c i u m thinking that alcohol is the liquid form of cupid . i fall in love every weekend . oops	0
i just listened to strawberry swing by frank ocean times in a row and i m working on a th	1
 eggplant i want a ipod 	1
five weeks of intense rehearsals almost complete ! last rehearsal day tomorrow before the jbsa cast travels to singapore ! take a bow ! !	1
damn this is like the th post . either gucci got slapped or he didn t .	2
i think i saw my soul mate on the metro this morning . but i didn t get to talk to her and i have left milan this may be a tough one	2
i still would like a nicki follow but if she followed me she d just be a flop that followed me .	0
last dons matches i ve been at have been . last dons win i saw was forfar in january . i m going tonight apologiesinadvance	0
i m done with y all boys mark text that man you sorry gucci good shit ima catch y all boys tomorrow	0
desperately needing girl talk ! cart wait for true blood tomorrow with 	0
ice cube made his son a movie star . now they should just do awhole new friday with his son playing as him	1
if you are trying to pass off thanksgiving leftovers as sunday meals . .you deserve an uppercut . we tired of that shit now	2
i take it it s for holiday schools being off reasons that paper towns opens here on a monday ? 	0
the attacks in paris come months after the charlie hebdo shootings that left people dead . these attackers picked friday the th .	2
ada limantur . have you seen these fine taylor swift images ? you may like 	0
awesome ! i ve tried new beers this weekend amp i m going to stone brewing tomorrow ! 	1
nothing much going to happen in naruto tomorrow but it s going to be the intro to more serious shit ! marada about to go crazy !	0
karlie kloss joan smalls take paris fashion week in the st episode of the new house of style via	0
russian lawmakers slam charlie hebdo call it accomplice of isil on thursday the satirical magazine again . . .	2
to me beyonce the rd best female entertainer of all time and a legend .	1
if lonny breaux pt is frank ocean s new album then shit we ve all been played it s been on spotify since th june	0
this just in kris bryant s home run ball replaces pluto as farthest planet from the sun . cubs	0
i just saw kirko bangz for the first time . i may be in love .	1
sara mcmann i delusional . . she says the rd tate fight makes but then wants a rematch herself . ufc won t waste a rousey fight on mcmann	2
i am honored to be celebrating years of grateful dead music at the sf giants game tomorrow night by singing . . .	1
floyd mayweather going for saturday	0
i don t want saturday to get here . but i m ready to bomb allregion in hot springs sooo . . . might as well get it over with .	2
yeah i didn t get on here over the weekend so missed all of that ! but seeing the foo fighters saturday was awesome !	1
in nyc . do i wanna see x tony winner u c peter the starcatcher or paul rudd on stage on thurs ?	0
chelsea star on his way out bid lined up for january target there seems to be yet another update on the . . . cfc	0
 thingsaboutmybestfriend she is treating me to cookout tomorrow u c first thing when i get to jacksonville .	1
my mom literally just asked me that . but lets go to the game saturday get taco bell before or after !	0
harper may never get a hit against the mets the rest of his career lgm	2
princess later queen anne the last stuart monarch of britain married prince george of denmark on july 	0
 web apple software u c retail chiefs out in overhaul san francisco reuters apple inc ceo tim cook on monday replaced the heads of . . .	0
im actually so ready for frank ocean to fuck with everyone saturday 	0
top reasons joe biden should run for president jimmy fallon may invite him on his show to play something with ping pong balls .	1
hey angelos have you never thought of matching the food with wine on saturday kitchen u c a perfect job for your delicate palate .	1
its been a good year for you every episode of friends is coming to netflix on january st	1
nirvana s in utero th anniversary super deluxe is out today ! you can stream the entire album on spotify .	1
i swear if the cowboys win sunday i m literally never talking to a cowboys fan again you ll all be dead to me i can t explain	2
 chris brown appeared on tuesday at the th place in the top of new orleans s trends trndnl	0
oo nga eh may picture sana ako with prepix ! ! ! !	2
yep and that might b my move in dallas tonight rt true ! tht would b fun . .	1
liams new tattoo is the number do you know when zayn left ? march th so that must mean . . . ziam is real .	0
gay s article shows us that whether we know it or not education may become our entire life . so don t grow up hating it . bbleng 	1
so here s the thing . turns out tory voters love renewables esp communityenergy . and don t much care for shalegas	0
tina fey amy poehler are hosting the golden globe awards on january . what do you think ?	0
i think you should get down w use trump style wall threat to force mx into st world property law . i mean c mon !	2
bobby jindal s executive order on the westboro baptist church troubles aclu k so will get on a tro by tomorrow ?	0
prince george turns two ! we are mildly amused the young prince was quoted as saying upon st cake nibble . dn	1
 cgvb is off to the finals ! everyone go to reynolds colosseum at nc state at on sat . to cheer cgvb to back to back state champions !	1
iron maiden new single . will you tune in ? ironmaiden speedoflight	0
omg u c bullet for my valentine are coming to the netherlands march th . i might attend that one too p	0
heading to split and hvar today then tomorrow in hvar and the following day on pag island	0
world bank u s most business friendly countries malaysia is the th most competitive economy on the world for doing business .	0
so here we go into the early hours with hopefully some great racing from san fran americascup world series . watch it fri on ss . . .	1
woman with a smartphone asking for directions as if google maps doesn t exist . phone may be smart the user wasn t .	0
u man lets see how they open things in the morning thata when it really counts	0
but rest assures i am watching degrassi u c and loving it may i add . 	1
levy left us short last season but kane saved our season . this time you may see us drift .	1
rousey may not be afraid of her now but she was definitely afraid of her in strikeforce 	0
no work for the rest of the week means ant man tomorrow morning followed by a trip to the comic shop and much lazing about .	1
 gucci appeared on thursday at the th place in the top of memphis s trends trndnl	0
on thursday night u c white arrows u c hindu pirates and group love entertained the crowds who showed up on the sand a . . .	0
if this guy can be happy . . . there s no reason you can t happy friday eve ! talking billion dollar ideas and flava . . .	1
remember when u called plies a monkey ? or when u agreed kendrick was the nd best rapper in the game but everyone else was the first ? 	0
boxing news devon alexander and randall bailey ready to slug it out on september th	0
i ve said all along and still staunchly maintain that the paris attacks charlie hebdo and the november one were both gladio style	2
always been strange for the caitlyn jenner narrative to glide over role in this recent lethal car crash	2
erdogan is bringing the country to disaster . hope turkish voters will be able to disavow his crazy policies on nov .	2
deathly hallows part ii now become the rd high grossing movie in worldwide all of time with . m . absolutely amazing !	1
it official u c i will not be flying to raleigh u c nc tomorrow . i u m saddened . i pray my uppc family has an awesome time in the lord . praying	2
desperation day february th the most well known day in all mens life .	2
cycling mission with passion team ride light rahul kumawat etal at sangam university bhilwara oct 	0
good . going to the fair to get an autograph from miesha tate tomorrow .	1
the vamps sang rest your love cwd cheater sty last night i found a girl and wake up at the sun gig tonight !	1
so pumped that you worked your way back up miesha amp i know you ll get the w in the rd fight with rousey !	1
 rd week of cfb rankings done . . i want to know what you guys like dislike about them . what should i add ? any other comments ? email tweet me !	0
the fia ran the race the right way lauda niki lauda believes that without the benefit of hindsight sunday s j . . .	1
just bought my ticket for knott s friday and i m not entirely sure if i did things correctly hopefully i can print my ticket tomorrow	0
the only bad thing about barack obama having a nd term as president is that its always a flop nd time round historically	2
imma dog just like gucci said married to the money i m a newly wed	0
guess who may be recording the song i wrote ? yeah eric church . just got done talkin to him amp his head stage guy . should know within a week	1
i gonna jiujitsu training tomorrow wanna fight with strong guys hihi	1
happy saturday ! ! ! ! bee gees with how deep is your love	1
if i had the finances i d go see kendrick lamar ko houston ka di dec watseba .	1
gm sat slide down big bangs jayz will be in the building	0
my dad asked who s birthday is on the th and i said niall and then i said i gotta get him a prosthetic leg 	0
valentine s day may be rather depressing for me but i barely get to see this . . .	2
nov boston celebrity chef class what to do with thanksgiving leftovers the bcae teams up with local food . . .	0
my playlist is going from bryson tiller to justin bieber to august alsina lmao	0
i may have an android phone by the time i get back to school ! 	1
rihanna u s drummer announced that rih is going perform on saturday night live ! ! ! slay	0
the weakened can never eliminate . forgiveness may be the attribute from the strong gandhi	1
cameron tony blair of the cons ! may he have the same legacy !	0
sunday afternoon with amy lee on amfm till pm . when i hand over to hit uk with mark james .	0
morning its all systems go for the week ! !paytime and deus ex out later in the week this is truly biwinning	1
kim davis i have no doubt your opinion of me may have been swayed by the liberal media gotchyas . . .there is a war on christians in america . 	2
terra nova the complete series is out on dvd blu ray tomorrow have an exclusive clip for you to enjoy !	1
a post you may have missed love yourself on valentine s day	1
hey channing tony provias from aberdeen hope you get a sack on murray this sat ! ! !	1
world bank to lend to burma for the st time in years bbc news burma	0
biafrans died on wednesday bomb blast at gombe in zoo nigeria .we want to be free from this killing everyday by the boko haram .	2
 jets get big ben off the field on rd down i u m convinced we win . everything changes . i u m depressed now	2
give it years love blink ll be selling out wembley on their th anniversary tour and d will be presenting blue peter 	1
i m getting the virus i had during thanksgiving break so this may mean ima be going to the hospital soon . .	2
 ers helping the vernon davis cause for story on profile on him airs tomorrow on espn . good stuff . e 	1
local business continued i just wanted that smug female mma wrestler to see what floyd mayweather may have encountered in the past	0
black friday by kendrick lamar found with listen now 	0
tremendous rally by miesha tate to win by armbar in the rd . julie kedzie is a great ambassador for mma fought her a off . respect .	1
 usopen anderson beat murray in the th round . it s murray s earliest grand slam exit in years	0
if you attend ball state and wanna go to yoga on sunday s with me please raise your hand	0
thor s day million mask march mmm remember remember the th of november the gunpowder treason and plot anonymous anonops 	0
north america ant man claims on tuesday with . m minions remains a close with . m pixels . . .	0
if you u re on the isle of man next thurs u c i u ll be talking about safe house and signing books at waterstones from . pm .	0
cardinals wainwright tried to mimic kershaw s mechanics . realized that after he tried dragging out his delivery leg kick . in wain of the th	0
australia test and odi captain michael clarke at the launch of the international season in sydney on monday . . .	0
true but i don t think kane wants to leave . he s young and living the dream . why would he go to united to come th not th ?	0
what colour is the second g in google ? no googling ! bianca s back se s most refreshing quiz ! thurs pm	1
are back at rich mix on wed oct teaching you how to design an app in a day 	0
if something wrong happen tomorrow due to yakub death sentence media should be blame for it . they r making it more sensitive . yakubtohang	2
fca tomorrow at in the band room ! ! ! breakfast and fellowship u c don u t wanna miss it ! ! ! come ! ! 	1
 nofucksgivinfebruary just don u t give a shit about anything u c this may pose a problem on valentines though	2
prayer requests from sunday mass god please allow donald trump to win the presidency so that i will not be going to hell alone 	2
i don t wait till january for the next season of teen wolf teenwolfseason b	1
arrived to beautiful sunshine in milan but thunderstorms predicted through thursday friday saturday . dry race at the moment . f 	0
covering the paley event with the cast tomorrow . wish you were coming with me .	1
gucci gob id security june mean the duplex thy signalizing on melding in transit to handy man lively croevhyxp	0
i m getting ready for annabelle tomorrow night i hope i ll get a good night of sleep tonight . theconjuring	1
came here from your caitlyn jenner article from june st . totally agreed with you on it and other issues . being pc goes too far .	1
lets see if melo can lead the knicks tomorrow	0
it u s wednesday ! wookiee photo funny ! what makes you beautiful one direction cover 	1
ready for the jason aldean concert tomorrow tho	0
samsung teases round smartwatch with heavy apple watch influence samsung s unpacked event on thursday brough . . .	0
all uniformed up and ready to go for the remembrance service then march to the cenotaph . we will remember th	0
was thinking of harry redknapp for the job for the past few days now . would be an absolute coup ! c u mon shebby !	1
gpb isakson says us will avoid fiscal cliffgpbin a talk thursday at the atlanta press club u .s . senator johnny . . .	0
vh is going to kill friday after next	1
hello btls . every single one of you consumes bbc content even indirectly . stop whining .	2
 gotohell tour starts tomorrow ! show starts at at the side bar in tallahassee . go radio u c paradise fears u c stages u c and solid gold thunder !	0
harper putting up historic numbers . thus far it s been a series to forget at the plate but again he didn t pitch the th .	1
its officially pga week dustin johnson was nd here last time he s our pick . . .	0
everytime i reread re watch game of thrones ned starks death at the end of the st book season is the most depressing . got	2
gunners want real madrid midfielder ? tuesday s arsenal gossip round up	0
 other street artists from iran who you may not know .	0
briana was introduced to louis in february were seen out amp about few times in may pregnancy announced july .	0
mtsu just beat wku . the sun belt is really starting to get interesting . have to take care of business on saturday ! packattack	1
is in the running to get a top rated award and needs new positive reviews by november th to win ! . . .	1
duke energy ceo jim rogers addressed the democratic national convention thursday afternoon	0
the th annual colossal castle contest has begun ! the colossal castle contest is one of the longest running l . . .	1
white ufc not going to dallas in december rousey s next fight in vegas via	0
 gt gt the top monday night football intros for the dallas cowboys from frank gifford	1
all blue and white fam we r meeting at golden corral for dinner tonight at pm . . . .	0
hamid gul though he damaged islam and muslims thinking he is doing good to islam and muslims but being a human i pray he may rest in peace	0
have kerry ever gone down this road dara sat out a semi and donaghy didn t appeal a red from the cork game when lynch did ?	1
wooooooop ! we re in bol a little island it s peng ! going to hvar tomorrow for a night though cos its nutty there ! how s brella ?	1
david price giving up another lead in the th ? come on man ! ! ! fandual draftkings	0
might have to skip my bro u s rival game tomorrow just to watch the heat vs knicks and clippers vs . lakers	0
nobody can be as pretty as david bowie . that s flying too close to the sun .	1
hi greg . my daughter missed a call on friday star caller from the vamps . she is devastated . any chance of them doing it again ?x	2
so excited you re coming home tomorrow ! love you mitchie . onlychildprobs imbored	1
rt if you re going to jason aldean thursday	0
december . john lennon paul mccartney and george harrison played together as the quarrymen at the wedding . . .	0
the video was shot during the floyd mayweather vs . andre berto press conference yesterday the th .	0
kurt may have been drugged again with rohypnol u c possibly in the root beer can found at the scene . after he was incapacitated u c the murderer	2
the nd one makes me feel like i m touring the home of a jay z impersonator	0
what a great day for world sport usain got his th gold federer claimed cincinnati title no and i pumped some weights . truepro	1
rt rt rumors say it is tangled and it may replace beauty and the beast at studios and aladdin at dca . just a rumor for . . .	0
well fuck . my sleep schedule is not ideal for the sats tomorrow	2
i know you ve been super busy with paper towns movies why not do an oldschool vlogbrothers q tuesday with peanut butter face xd	0
 st time disappointed with modi . information on blackmoney given by foreign countries cannot be disclosed centre to sc	2
being at hot jam made me feel like it was a friday night and the weekend was ahead . . . . . .nope it s only monday night	1
 st he smashed someone s phone now ran over an ipad he hates you all	0
the pacers are counting on paul george to step up gerald green and dj augustin are your adds . . . nat nd in the east son .	0
red sox highlight jackie bradley jr . hits solo hr david ortiz with rbi double in run th in win over phillies espn 	0
 th grade i said nipsey hussle the best rapper out . everybody was like hell naw then when the marathon came out everybody was on his nuts	1
maybe dustin johnson prefers the final round of the open tomorrow sundays have not been his best days on a day where many were 	0
you wanna go see inbetweeners next wednesday ?	0
in the carling cup previously u c arsenal played their nd string u c but even then you could count on bendtner vela to grab a few goals nb 	0
kyle seager hits solo hr in the th ! m s take lead over the white sox .	1
yoga removing the obstacles that may obstruct our light shining through letyourlightshine share	1
islamic state issues rules that christians must obey september zee news begins this story with this . . .	0
bray has able to escape by hitting reigns with a lantern . the match with dean ambrose may have been scrapped . . . .	0
like my career goal may not be exactly kanye west but he s part of it	0
so i m at a party in austin and naruto is on . so you better believe i sat down in front of the tv to watch this shit	2
my saturday night is the movie contraband u c kate beckinsale is good looking	1
i do not buy in the zionist idea that christians r a nd class people who must support israel no matter what	2
chris evans is neo edmonds . oh chris please dazzle us with party tricks your production team googled on your reheated friday shitfest	1
with that score u c farmerville is now up over richwood with the rd qtr winding down .	0
chunky black men are just eyes emoji i had the biggest crush on ice cube in friday . don t me .	1
oh f that it s choreographed no f u lol . . seth rollins knee breaks john cena s nose on monday night raw	0
jenna i m meeting you with one of my dearest friends in february in milan are you excited to see us 	1
no jack ! ! went on rita last sunday . . . and i swear i u ve got bruises on my head from it u c it u s too fast ! my head took a bashing !	0
a red carpet for radicals at the white house by steve emerson and john rossomando ipt news october u c a . . .	0
tomorrow i will start catching up on hannibal . i got to ep of s and had to stop because i wasn t ready for what a ride it was gonna be .	1
march otra jakarta my otra march zayn officially left d see the struggle ? ! monthswithoutzayn	0
thanks for reminding me how fab i am . i may not have a gucci bag but i have a neurologist she s from eastern europe . i ve arrived	0
kinda but i work sunday and i m gonna miss the cowboys game .	2
trucking tomorrow in sylvia my scania . . .hope this wind dies down a bit or it could be a bit tricky on the a tops . . . girlytrucker	0
upset alert in acc men u s soccer maryland down to wake forest late in the nd . . .and down a man after an earlier red card .	2
tifosi are you ready to meet kimi at the new ferraristore in milan tomorrow morning ?	0
these people cannot know who mick jagger is . . .you ain u t old u c old skool maybe but c u mon ! mick jagger has a lot more years than you !	2
frank ocean puttin me to sleep thinkin of the past on this sat . night relaxin with ace and mike . but eyes on the future an no lookin back	1
 . the next mitcham forum meeting is on october in vestry hall . would welcome suggestions for the agenda .	1
real madrid paper work didn t collapse ! they re being clever they ll wait till january when they can hold contract talks with de gea !	0
domino s song of the day for tuesday july th is zac brown band chicken fried . listen for it sometime between . . .	1
ok . . going down to melaka tomorrow morning u c with two others . . visiting fren in icu . 	2
keylor kicks on at valdebebas keylor navas trained alone on tuesday morning with real madrid goalkeeping coac . . .	0
delhi braces for another ramdev protest new delhi final touches were being given wednesday at the ramlila gro . . .	0
this guy is devil himself but always calling muslims devil may allah make him blind may allah destroy him . as if he doesn t sleep	2
august happy birthday dave evans aka the edge from u .	1
gonna watch ted for the nd time tonight lol	1
one name illini fans will recognize on tonight s box score for new zealand is kirk penney who played for wisconsin from .	0
monday roman reigns goes one on one with the director of operations kane !	0
whatever platform a bit of fun but we all know he will be a real madrid player tomorrow .	0
rt great win against america to end the usa tour ! now it s time to play against italy on wednesday with spain ! tourfcb 	1
where do muslims in ireland stand on the repeal the th referendum ? do you they support the murder of the unborn ?	0
today is desperation day . if you know what i mean .	2
fiorentina have reportedly opened talks with chelsea over taking the yr old kurt zuoma on loan in january .	0
new post rob will be on the kyle and jackie o show on tuesday nd	0
good luck tomorrow batman show harbaugh how the utes get down ! ! ! wegottheloudhouse beatmichigan goobiefor letsgoutah	1
chloe grace moretz is seen out and about wearing daisy dukes and a rolling stone shirt on july 	0
aldo v mcgregor and tate v rousey in dallas in december . . . i think it s time to make a trip to texas .	0
kendrick the goat twitter all females hoes twitter	2
unexpected th generation ipad announced at apple special event remember how the rd gener . . .	0
won the match getin . plus u c tomorrow is a very busy day u c with awareness day u s and debates . gulp . debates . . .	0
how can you not root for paul dunne tomorrow ? with all the mini tours i didn t think there were amateurs capable of contending at a major .	0
teaching u c then rehearsing . show with the gnr tribute band this friday in cranston u c ri at mardis gras !	0
rt mta says it may close city subway if hurricane irene packs too big a punch .	0
is it true shawn is having another interview on monday in san diego ? ? ? ?	0
i just liked this song and the sun will shine by bee gees	1
following trump scott walker and ted cruz said they support revoking th amendment rights for the children of immigrants .	0
ok she s against gay marriage amp blah blah but she s been married times . isn t divorce frowned upon in the bible ?	2
if milan win the derby next sunday absolute banger at my house i promise	1
microsoft needs to get their shit together . xbox live just went down for a nd day what a fucking surprise xboxlive	2
that is frustrating . is this from the teen wolf con in june ? ?	0
wife wants to have a sharknado party tomorrow but we don t have syfy anymore . found a way for her to watch it though . . . we ll see . . .	0
george osborne to announce spending review november two weeks after economicsfest and one week after our festival of the future city	0
press r u worried murray dominated his rd round ? djoker amp roger only if he dominated all his matches like we did . usopen tennis	0
i u m going to richie hawtin at gasworks in amsterdam u c netherlands oct 	0
next friday we re screening the ice cube classic friday . tix just damnnnnnn	1
tomorrow is directioners day ! i want to let you know ! please follow me ! i love you so much and i love d ! i am a huge fan !	1
just go to church on sunday you ll be gucci	0
also he won his st world heavyweight championship with some assistance from in the georgia dome .	1
 abs cbn news aquino on enrile u s memoirs may all of us seek in this book the lessons that will allow us to advance as a people	0
this friday ! start your labor day weekend with some led zeppelin aerosmith van halen and ac dc ! lava rock is . . .	1
there may or may not be real tears when paul mccartney takes the stage	1
with zayn gone i can now definitively say that louis is my favorite member of d . harry a distant nd .	1
rt be sure to catch former owl football player lestar jean on espn s monday night football tonight at p .m . with hous . . .	1
the continued attacks on the nd amendment will continue if america is foolish enough to ever elect joe biden for potus obama s rd term .	2
well by the sounds of it we may be adding gagner too . where are these guys all going to fit in ?	0
lolol ! aunt so what happen with you and mike ? you guys aren u t together ? me wth ! who told you ? aunt c u mon evelyn u c facebook !	0
man just watched the lakers highlight from yesterday and there going to get destroyed tomorrow	2
in october they are releasing both the last and boruto in english .i love when hinata was basically like fuck you naruto lol	1
i suppose they may have just outsourced the production of lady gaga s underwear to the prc	0
about persons were on tuesday killed when a bomb allegedly planted by members of the boko haram sect exploded . . .	2
first jan hooks and now elizabeth pena . both with really no explanation either . rip ladies . 	2
dustin johnson to local course any tee times saturday ? course no but can we book something for you on sunday ? dj no thanks . 	0
photo ready to ship today ! ! yes the labor day sale may be over but you can still get the fan favorite . . .	1
we have a similar circumstance in australia . jan is australia day many first peoples call it invasion day .	0
ohio gov . john kasich actually just point from th in latest q poll on jammed gop field via	0
watch kim kardashian support kanye west while he auditions for american idol kanye west may be one of the m . . .	0
i wish i was excited right now for sharknado . but i m not . i ll catch it later on today or tomorrow on my dvr .	2
yeah christian ponder may be a great guy but he is a complete dumpster fire behind center .	2
man george harrison was my favorite beatle . what a brilliant soul may he r .i .p	1
to whom it may concern i just fucked your bitch in some gucci flip flops .	2
do you need any more evidence that scott walker has zero diplomatic chops . nobusinessrunningforpresident	2
did you get a chance to join our google hangout friday july th ? take a few minutes to watch the live broadcast !	1
liked the noesen rakell wilson line tonight u c although they faded a bit in nd half . connor carrick wsh and garret meurs col good too .	1
is it me or celine dion and caitlyn jenner look alike ? yep ! this is my kind of sunday s question . ok ! i m gone !	1
watching the mayor of iqaluit and elizabeth may square off on twitter is quite the sight .	0
why does someone make the effort to produce a rd movie of sharknado anyways lmao	0
if you participated in our adult summer reading club we ve got a great program on saturday ! laughter workshop 	1
lol right like bitch did we see stories about ice cube being in a classic movie friday nshit no it s not a ee documentary	2
british open monday s tee times tv schedule paul dunne a year old amateur has one stroke back from the . . .	0
i m sorry to any christians i may have offended but i m an atheist amp if you have an issue with that just unfollow now thingsjesusneversaid	0
steelers will travel to new york on sunday for giants game the pittsburgh steelers face the new york giants on . . .	0
if yoventura had done what thor did on the st pitch to esky he would have been villainized . instead thor is a hero . goroyals	0
store app for windows updated with some new features and polish if you are on windows tonight you may . . .	1
i may not like sydney dalton all that much but she fucking met harry and niall m e t t h e m	2
 th strikeout of the afternoon for david price s th career win !	1
hbo comedian bill maher made the case tuesday night for ousting nd district republican rep . john kline via	0
c mon . . do some poster chipkawing in delhi about this ! media is too busy talking about yakub !	0
wrestling guru tells us why rousey may not be the best ufc fighter ever	0
i believe rafa could win a rd usopen title if he can make it to the semifinals at least because of federer murray etc . usopenworld	1
lazy saturday afternoon and there s this couple lying naked in bed reading the encyclopaedia britannica to .	0
sonia gandhi rahul gandhi will have to appear before it on dec to face allegations of financial irregularitie rahulgandhi soniagandhi	0
something is wrong with those people born at the end of march including myself and lady gaga	2
such a beautiful morning . . just drove past winter wonderland in hype park ! going there thursday with can t wait ! suchakid	1
happy birthday hank williams . in honor if the hank turning we ll play hank songs in a row tonite honkytonk	1
instead of going to sleep i just started my ps . . time for some gta ! i have a idea on the video ill upload tomorrow gtaonline gtav	1
rush limbaugh rbi big krit halo sometimesyouhaveto is lamar odom really going to the d league ?	0
i just can t believe ppl like you exist why don t u and yakub just elope to pakistan .	2
 afailedtextfromtoday you going to soundset ? name withheld . uh soundset was last sunday . . . . ahahahaha	2
matt we need to make plans for tomorrow night with some dimes	0
wins the nd set v to take a two set lead murray will have to win in sets again if he is to win	0
ya know john kasich actually seems like a real human being with a real record . . too bad that may or may not mean anything	2
kane amp nathaniel kanes st day at infant school . nathaniel s final year in juniors school . emotional	1
for those of you in scarborough or malvern yoga is being offered saturday mornings . check it out 	0
new show ! interview with ice cube and o shea jackson jnr straightouttacompton	1
purim u s dancer runs in the th today . here she is getting some good luck from the local goat . . .	1
yes i understand . if you put shares in your ira you may find yourself very glad you did . even shares . imo	1
my guess is that the huntsman endorsement is a negative in the th district race . utpol	2
blue jays take the lead blue jays red sox top st	0
november my birthday month u c election day u c a weekend in san fran with naples for thanksgiving u c lots of friends family . yes .	1
happy birthday to my good friend u c min . william d . carter u c iii ! ! ! may god bless you today and always .	1
in a debate dominated by trump s over the top personality the real winner may have been carly fiorina . and she . . .	1
amazing concert tonight with jim white and the tcu jazz ensemble faculty jazz combo ! don u t miss tomorrow night . . .	1
sunnybank . come along to our free fertility information morning at sunnybank brisbane this saturday the th at am . to register . . .	0
wow the equally despicable donald trump amp terrence howard are going to be on the same night this fri . how is that possible ?	2
last day of the best tour i ve been on . bad blood single single on friday . life rules !	1
apoel can become the th different opponent in ucl against which messi has scored at least goal . he has faced teams in total	0
may allah grants us all our hrt desires n make us better prsns than the yrs before	1
rt apparently the vmas are tonight . i refuse to support anything which helped the jersey shore cast flee the hurricane .	2
it is deepika for tamasha not sony he he he . . .may be sony is one of the brand partners	1
sometimes google scares the crap out of me	2
werleman s wager if you are an atheist amp call atheists islamophobic for being critical of islam a radical muslims may spare your life .	0
wow after tonight i may actually be done with big brother for the rest of the season . no one good left to win . bb 	2
damn mtvstars hid the votes . we only got till tuesday monsters ! ! ! vote like crazy ! ! ! ! mtvstars lady gaga	1
it has been confirmed ! one direction will be on ellen at burbank calif . studio for a huge concert event on the th of november !	1
new blog post marvel u s phase two kicks off with u iron man u trailer on october rd	0
buying a scuba suit for the underwater scenes in sharknado tomorrow	0
literally . . .almost no one knew who the fuck frank ocean or the weeknd were on january st by the summer . .they were everywhere	2
take potential out of the equation is s .b . really a downgrade from kane ? i dont think so . his pace may b better suited	0
this was so the sun couldn t spin a louis trying for relationship with briana story from her attending the concerts	0
you are such an amazing person . thank you for making me smile . see you tomorrow at metlife ! please follow ? xx 	1
is donald trump still coming on the show monday mornings ? i didn t see him today . i always started my week watching him .	0
what if cena wins the undisputed wwe championship match at summerslam this sun ? a riot is very likely to take place ! !	2
 st game in brooklyn and i want to see brook lopez	0
bro c mon get with the program ps is ftw getitnow	0
last day of school tomorrow then im out too cuba p haha	0
bobby jindal s goofy j looks like a patriotic bubble pipe i d use as a kid on the fourth of july . gopclowncar	2
i m watching the red carpet for nicki mostly . they re gonna air the show tomorrow night so i might go to bed after	1
to whom it may concern in luxembourg you liked the madoff affair you will enjoy the apollonia affair affaireapollonia	1
i out of breakpts converted not nearly good enough by federer at usopen . c mon deliciano you can beat novak believe !	2
whhhyyyyy you guys no remind me sam smith was tomorrow ! ?	0
why are sports news outlets tweeting about sharknado ? i mean c mon . know it s the dog days but crikes .	2
people are posting pictures of pics from the movie day after tomorrow u c all like u god have mercy on our souls u lmfao	0
cnn changed the rules and carly fiorina may make it into the next primetime gop debate 	0
me little early for ash wednesday isn u t it ? stranger that u s a birthmark ! 	0
i had a teacher who taught us jupiter was bigger than the sun . this was based on the picture in the textbook . it was a drawing . true story	0
ever since uncharted and mass effect u c i u ve been weary of third games . then again this is technically the th . can u t wait !	1
usa calls last time out with left in the half . they have st and at red wolves .	0
on election day u c november mdc will be having class as a make up day . we will see all of our dance iii lovelies then !	1
congrats on your face lumagrothe ! offduty in milan . see more about milan september and models . 	1
bernie sanders to meet with black caucus thursday meeting with ag today via feelthebern	0
ice cube wrote all of nwa s lyrics and the screenplay for friday so . . .	0
good luck to the vball team tomorrow night vs spx . it s senior night so show your support for our awesome seniors ! seniornight celtics	1
he better close it in not making much st serves and murray seems winning all nd serves . .important serve game to start ?	0
i wanted you to know that here in argentina is going to make a directioner fest november te amo te amo te amo !	0
hahaaa . i u m going to lp on saturday	1
gay mariage was not legal when she ran job step down or limit duties hav nd election bad s court faild usa	2
if you put one over the plate he s gonna fuck you up called it kris bryant with his st	2
bernie sanders got braces in th grade even though he didn t need them so the popular girls would accept him	0
cyborg and her management now calling for an april bout with rousey . . .lol . .that didn t last long . .fuck cyborg already . . .	2
even as congress vice president rahul gandhi on monday alleged that he was prevented from entering the barpeta . . .	0
leader inter moves points clear with win at udinese milan dec mauro icardi hit . . . via	1
i have one possibly two extra tickets to see zac brown band tomorrow at metlife stadium . dope seats . who wants to come with me ?	0
kanye west saying he s running for president may be the single most ridiculous thing i ve ever heard	2
please someone cheap shot the hell out of tom brady next sunday .	2
ok good to know . punting at metlife in december is a task just hope hes up for it .	1
i guess i ll make tomorrow gilgamesh and naruto night . the king returns mongrels .	0
jonghyun just tweeted on . pm oct 	0
festive friday and star wars day is just around the corner .	1
la my friend has extra ticket for the new normal panel at paleyfest tomorrow evening ! if you want to tag along please dm me ! no weirdos .	0
frustration for kobayashi u c perez in india reaction from sauber u c caterham u c marussia and hrt after the indian grand prix on sunday .	2
 . . .trying to do the same but u in europe and osu football may suck me back in . michiecorleone	0
sunday on national ice cream day the hops got licked . today anniversary of moon landing launched a walk off hr	1
maybe he will let us go rd period to get it fixed . or kane s class	0
i just got tix to jason aldean burn it down tour on sep . let the countdown begin !	0
rousey gon get schooled by the preachers kid ya diggggg ? ? ?	0
watching the bluejays vs the ny yankees . jays are going for their th straight win tonight with david price on the mound . mlb	1
don t miss shreya ghoshal live in concert in guyana sunday october th at the national stadium shreya ghoshal	1
looking fwd to watching it sometime soon in bkk . have a super friday and weekend ahead ! lotsa love d	1
 bottles of prosecco later we re sat here listening to celine dion fleetwood mac bette midler . not gonna lie . i m loving it !	1
there is a one day delay due to labor day for the area . if your normal service day is wednesday service will 	1
david haye claims a fight with vitali klitschko has been agreed u c according to the sun . better start protecting that big toe david . . .	1
i u m not dealing with anyone u s shit tomorrow so fernando and jacob fuck off .	2
its not the st time religion is manipulated in this case islam . raif spoke out against the establishment he s a hero . freeraif	1
transgender is a difficult subject but it has been timed well with the caitlyn jenner thing so that may give it some appeal .	1
i feel bad for the people working at ihop tomorrow morning lol	0
buzzing for eagles of death metal tonight . tuesday is the new friday .	1
sarah palin other women you disagree with may still be quite bright .hillary may be intelligent just wrong .	0
screen shot from the rd ep . of the finder . i think someone thought it was a romance novel 	0
p minute ? so kim kardashian was banking million per minute from her emojis on monday ! say what u want that is the business ! ! ! 	1
sting appears for the nd week ziggler lana face rusev summer divas beat the clock match to determine contender to title at noc . raw	0
at the houston improv this sunday night performing with the hilarious raj sharma . if you or someone you care . . .	0
tomorrow i m gonna go buy all the seasons of the walking dead !	0
yoga at home then walking in the woods in the sun fizz amp catch up with the mother in the garden gooddayoff	1
september more justin spotted out and about in new york . . .	0
dinner with my dad . and tony parker with a last second game winning shot . what a great night . . .just in time to be ruined by s tomorrow . . .	1
excited for and opening essex tonight ! any bar with homemade thin mints is my favorite	1
you called it . the first minutes of the nd half in any milan and verona game is crucial and is again !	0
r amp r at the fairmont orchid in the middle of the oracle presidents club w . setting up for philip phillps to sing tonight elton on sun .	0
wow . just wow listen to kendrick lamar black friday a tale of citiez remix 	1
probably going to be going to ventura warped on june i m so excited ! !	1
wrong . friday rebecca black . are you some special kind of stupid ? ugh	2
gucci plenty motive force poise november look up the biform thine persona inside magnification up industrial p . . .	0
thanks to wrh i u ve got on the guest list for the opening night of the shepard fairey show over at stolenspace on friday night !	1
frank ocean may have completely hoed us but at least the weeknd is making up for it	0
you re an idiot . word is integrate demanding to assimilate is an abuse . nd muslims can integrate fine if they want to .	2
dean ambrose may have killed the big show with that dive through the ropes raw wwe	0
october is the birthday of chuck berry . about the talent in his chart u c see art astrology 	0
yea sasuke tho ever since naruto became hokage amp stopped going on missions has become the strongest ninja alive leaving naruto in nd place	0
federer will be nd seed at if he wins this . djokovic aiming to become st player to win all masters tournaments cincytennis	0
nov . rd kiss the ring red bottoms and jays edition . . . .fadda blaze and kindy fatal bday bash clubsbl	0
 raw review seth rollins sting amp the statue the best segment ever rusev ryback amp his backstage promos amp more	1
tomorrow capturing covent garden with iphone and ipad september am apple store covent garden . free	1
joe biden appears on late show w stephen colbert sept . does he have something to announce ?	0
a little write up about creative alliance . great place to work . gt 	1
wish maddie luck next saturday u c she has a solo audition for britain u s got talent ! ellie xxxxx	1
i am sure they can find it hidden in the th ammendment next to gay marriage amp so to be legalized pedophillia	2
okay i m rewatching that new kurt cobain documentary and i haven t been this far up nirvana s ass since the th grade	0
 gets email about paul mccartney playing at joe louis in october texts mom about us going to the paul mccartney concert 	0
 telecom news china telecom repairs a broken telephone pole with m .i .c . gadget by herman lai posted jun . . .	0
egg head ! don t sit on twilight s head you may have to go to the hospital after that .	2
 st day of lolla amazing . paul mccartney floored me . not sure any moment in my life will match let it be live .	1
your girl is going to see justin bieber in march ! !this by far is the best christmas gift ever thank you	1
bayern munich thrown his first defeat in the bundesliga at the hands of leverkusen bayern munich lost on sunday . . .	0
trial starts tomorrow . let s try to put the pressure on and to set free ghoncheh ghavami . freeghoncheh	1
caitlyn jenner may be going to jail for killing that chick caitlyn jenner leaving the nice guy nightclub in w . . .	2
my life i m going out to lunch with captain america on saturday . not chris evans . p cosplayers make life so much more fun . 	1
i am very seriously injerd in a road accident nd day of eid with my sweet sis 	2
kane s got united player written all over him for me . see how he does in his nd season though . poor start but only few games in .	0
this president talking about growing the economy is like billy cundiff explaining to someone how to make a field goal in the th quarter .	1
they waiting on kendrick like the st and the th	0
eurovision party in washington dc on may with live stream from eurosong contest eurovision	0
dustin johnson looks like he really wants to be on the not top tomorrow . any press is good press good looks	1
might see if atleti can claw their way back into this game in nd half but you get the feeling siquiera needed to score that penalty	0
i love watching hillary dance . i think she s doing the lewinsky with that right hand	1
kirk is true that your a twisted sexuall killer from the th dimension ?	2
you should come watch the devil inside in the movie room on the st floor	0
apologies to anyone who may have been insulted by my charles darwin is an idiot tweet . i was just expressing my thoughts .	0
calibraska is in th place in sweden rn let s get it to calibrasksaep	0
i got the dream high soundtrack and the f x album u c then i u ll be collecting the sfs album tomorrow they ran out of sherlock !	1
i may snuggle up with a stuffed animal at night but it s widely excepted that i m funnier than bill maher . secret genius !	1
i think the sun should consider suing the bnp over this 	2
week nfl story lines steelers and ravens together again beyond the packers saints opener thursday the high . . .	0
breaking floyd mayweather will fight a guy who he hand picked and knows has no shot of beating him on september th in las vegas .	0
book depository may be cheap but the inferior printing quality of some of their products is almost not worth it .	2
i am optimistic about coach sunday oliseh s ability to turnaround the super eagles . we are due an inspirational team .	1
 december th will show all the louisville fans that kentucky is the best 	1
the only reason i m watching ant man is cause of tuesday this is definitely something you wait to watch at home	2
boehner proposes obama speech be on the same night as nfl opening night . . .	0
which sunday is women s day ? ? and you get your shirt yet	0
taking pops to go see straight out of compton tomorrow . knowing his favorite rapper till this day is ice cube .	1
this morning despite it being a holiday here i went to yoga . tomorrow night starts pm yoga and i just don t know if i ll do that too .	0
just booked my tickets for ant man for this friday . can t wait !	1
any of you wanting fab fun childcare for your little ones in haltwhistle get along to little star on thursday . . .	1
did you see the pic of the fake tiger woods sign at espn college gameday in fort worth on saturday ?	2
final shows for pixels amp ant man are thursday ! opening wednesday shaun the sheep amp thursday fantastic four !	1
tom wilhelmsen locked down his fifth save of the season with a perfect ninth inning in friday s win over the white sox . mariners mlb	0
is it even possible to love anyone as much as i love chris evans ? ? we may never know	1
wearing a nirvana shirt for the first time since th grade	0
looking forward to facing ms . allysin kay this saturday in petrolia ! ! come check it out !	1
this will be my th year in a row geared up as cena passing out candy to the trick or treaters the kids love it so do the moms 	1
i bet frank ocean ain t even recorded an album . just sat at home with netflix n chill laughin at us	0
whoa . dana white just said that if ronda rousey wins tomorrow cyborg is next . superfight may be just a few months away	1
marni introduced me to friday night dinner . . . thats quality ! have a nice night my dear i m finally calling it in x	1
mix six pack from warners at the bay tonight . bitter amp twisted beer festival tomorrow . i love my craftbeer	1
be back from the gym in the th minute i said you won t miss much of the atleti game i said . . .	0
the footage was shot in january after the charlie hebdo attacks viral	0
 rangers of josh hamilton out of the lineup for rd straight game with sore knee . hopes to return thur vs . tigers .	0
and believe me . to me is normal just like knowing that if justin bieber drops a video right now . it will have million views by tomorrow .	1
a very wonderful and much expected call from the super eagles handler sunday oliseh mikel and moses don t deserve a call up for now .	1
i was dreaming when i was reminded that i have to take the act tomorrow	0
paul dunne up going down the th in his match with robbie ziegler at the us amateur championship	0
 justinbieber october new photo of justin with lenny kravitz at . . . october new photo of justin with len . . .	0
tmz reporting live how do you feel about kris jenner attending the hs homecoming game tomorrow	0
sitting in the sun reading keith richards u life u . the man has some stories ! rollingstones	0
mark martin u s the st to crack mph u c and now leads a mwr bowyer nd and toyota kyle rd after cars . nascar	1
are you gonna be voting tomorrow ? every answer should be a yes ! ! mtvstars lady gaga	1
win tickets to see manchester city v ajax with ford ! source thursday u c november . . . mcfc	0
i hope my fishing trip with george clooney and mark wahlberg is still on for tomorrow .	0
today s ff number goes to because he s soo good at computers that steve jobs is worried about job security .	1
i m getting mine in like weeks because i m buying the gucci foams tomorrow and i had to pay my motorcycle bill so u got wk	0
steve jobs source www .quotationspage .com sunday august you can t just ask customers what they wa . . .	0
paul dunne would miss out on a . million dollar payday if he wins tomorrow . he is an amateur .	0
going back to houston tomorrow excited ! ! ! !	1
yeah we have the option to use the qb as a flex back . i activated weeden sat reggie wayne for the st time	1
listen to ep the latest joe rogan podcast where he discusses loss with dana white in qantas st class !	0
what did bobby jindal say ? wait . . .nooooooo ! why do i get the feeling the gop pushed trump out st so the typical gop crazy will seem better ?	2
its am i have to wake up at in the morning . to sleep or to keep watching jersey shore ? to sleep ! nah i think i ll stay up d	1
david de gea s future is still making headlines . he s with to join real madrid in january 	0
eto o ! the ultimate multimedia star on sarahglive for the st time ! toni gonzaga ! ! ! d happy thmonthsarysarahglive	1
ill be watching that in january right along with teen wolf	1
just about to watch iran play czech republic at handball in wroclaw . i may be the only one cheering iran .	1
hmmm i still wait for the news of fairy tail vol and for naruto vol it will release on september . . 	0
all seniors will be recognized at fca tomorrow and the first will get free chickfila coupons for free biscuits ! see y u all there 	1
lol it was labor day weekend chill out	1
woaw just because briana is having louis baby she has the sun shining out of her ass .	2
good morning thursday . life is fragile . we u re not guaranteed a tomorrow so give it everything you u ve got . tim cook do it for jobs ! 	1
could have used him against hou u c ran ball vs indy u c bad def against pats u c he won st miami u c let it go lol	0
calibraska is so good omg amp it s st on the charts ! i m so proud of the boys they never fail to impress .	1
 . what dreams may come love rosie puncture lizzie mcguire the theory of everything the twilight saga the nanny diaries	0
 sports cowboys jerseys among nfl favorites russell wilson may have the jersey but the cowb . . . voiceofdallas	0
real madrid reportedly rule out signing de gea in january making me believe they re getting cold feet about this deal altogether .	0
even nfl players have strong feelings when it comes to game of thrones spoilers but it may not be what you mi . . .	0
i mean . . . i ve seen no doubt a few times . but c mon it s ice cube !	0
the thought of the queue at digi tomorrow is making me upset	2
 samsung galaxy note may ditch the microsd card slot when samsung released the galaxy s and . . . samsung note	0
de la soul is sunday at clockenflap ? ! wtf ! at least they had the decency to sched uptown rockers for saturday nyinhk	2
floyd mayweather vs andre berto on september . will he make it or it will be ? ssboxing	0
i guess you could say that i have the red sox bug after friday s game so naturally i m looking at season tickets . . .even though i m broke	1
play clinton up front over kane . he s not on it still tired imo give him october off .	0
kerry wrote a freaking book ! read all about it .	1
he also picked justin bieber s baby but c mon he s just a kid . ima let that slide . haha !	0
please justin follow me ! hope everyday ! je t u aime ! can wait to see u in paris for the st time ! je t u aime 	1
yes u c it is us black triangle sighting in pompano beach u c florida on october th basically it . . . aliens	0
look out for the goon tape by rocket droppin tomorrow and underdogs do win by yung brodee i got beats on both this shit don u t stop ! wescoas	0
i think sure nicki may have been joking though if she had real beef i feel like it would be a lil scarier .	0
sandy is expected to make landfall sometime monday night along the new jersey shore u c bringing to inches of . . .	0
also i am off to new york in days to see ac dc my ultimate faves for the th time followed by van halen the night after !	1
force friday and labor day have nothing to do with jesus !	0
the st annual doral design district international taste of the arts is almost here ! enjoy yummy food from well . . .	1
if yakub had faith in indian judicial system that he came back why did he blow up people in mar as justice for riot victims ?	2
man arrested in venice beach shooting death venice gt gt a suspect was arrested sunday in the shooting death of . . .	2
tj i m obsessed with the nd one with both sara and tegan	1
so far chris sale is sitting at th place for white sox single season k leaders with .	0
letsmovedown will be at the comcast center this friday for the terps v . iupa exhibition game . come check us out !	1
cundiff got released . i think he u s outta the league now u c especially if that quote on the tl this past sunday was real	0
hung out with my housemate more she u s awesome ! u c went to crows nest festival u c celebrated my dogs th birthday love you diesel bean ! . . .	1
im tellin you i may have been single as long as caitlyn jenner was a man but that don t mean i didn t	0
so we hear that the singing sensation who goes by the name of taylor swift has a concert this wednesday ! why . . .	1
here u s the full info for friday u s pats game ! ! breast cancer awareness night friday post game skate on the . . .	1
 flexthursday ! ! dis thursday ! ! ! ! !wit crows nest we calln out da whol souf kum kick it wit pinkcity ! ! ! ! ! ! !	0
your damn straight your guessing derek i may be a naruto fanboy but i m also the reincarnation of brad pitt	0
i liked a video john cena attacks dolph ziggler after his match with randy orton smackdown nov . 	1
will ronda rousey conor mcgregor fight on the same card in december ? via	0
ipad hd gets announced wed . . .who s going to get one ? me that s who . . . . appleguy 	0
delightful day in old town hastings with my nephew amp niece even without sun . highlights definitely were the swan boats and vanilla fudge .	1
the acc had a team ranked rd guy . florida state . until they lost to nc state . acc so underrated .	2
then he texted that their first conference game was ohio state nov . . .uh ohio state isnt in the acc buddy	0
frank gifford dead fast facts you need to know frank gifford attends the th annual broadcasting amp cable . . .	0
that it is a huge deal and omg zayn went there and was sat next to this valentino guy like whoa	1
london aug reuters british finance minister george osborne will take the government s campaign for reform of the european union to	1
films on tv tonight four weddings and a funeral the ladykillers the mask run fatboy run american pie and tsotsi	0
if chuck norris can have a chill friday so can you . come celeberate the weekend and chill out on our patio with . . .	0
today was the th time that anthony rizzo and kris bryant homered on the same day the first time since july at the indians . cubs	0
whole summer without a phone and the day i decide to spazz out on t mobile they tell me that my phone should be coming in tuesday	0
did you enjoy rock im park ? i was at the front so epic ! see you tomorrow in berlin ! any surprises ? linkin park rocks ! 	1
i have so many videos going live tomorrow ! ! tommy toy dean malenko review connecticut comic conn toy hunt toy spa seth rollins asmr	1
dancing round mate . just shocking . you will have to try and find it on internet tomorrow . honestly bad bad bad boxing	2
they didn t believe the sun for a single second about louis becoming a dad but they believe the sun on anything to do with zayn	0
lazy sunday ray allen is lamar odom really going to the d league ?	0
we u ll be at the ypaac blondes vs . brunettes flag football game tomorrow . doors open pm at university of denver . . .	0
did a love of ac dc just out the identity of ashley madison s hacker ? a love of ac dc may have inadvertently . . .	0
ac dc with vintage trouble at gillette stadium on sat ! limited tix are available at	1
wwe you guys probably had worst than hulk hogan . may i remind you but didn t a wrestler name chris benoit kill himself and his family ?	2
rick stein has set up his camp in spain according to saturday kitchen . state the obvious why dont you 	0
good way to start the day . nowplaying how to see the sun rise by ben sollee on spotify	1
even if you dont go to bob jones you better wear pink tomorrow . orelse	0
rediff live ! hundreds of afghans on thursday protested for the first time against cartoons of the prophet mohamm . . .	2
free stuff available from mobile us carriers at amp t sprint t mobile verizon that you may not be aware of . . .	1
ny man convicted friday of plotting to kill muslims with a wmd . where is media ? now if he were muslim . . . my article	0
need to see this movie . . . miles teller and j .k .simmons may have just been added to the oscar race . . . god damn .	1
laying in bed all day catching up with big brother since school starts tomorrow and i m not ready to give up my freedom .	0
thursday fun for just a few pennies on april with reflex rex alice d more smoking toddlers wednesday the rat !	1
i thought he was justin was going to kiss him lord hahaha	1
sad to hear about frank gifford s passing . i always remember him with al michaels and dan dierdorf on monday night football	1
finally . after waiting for sooooo loooong . paper towns is out even though it s still midnight normal sched probably starts on thursday 	1
very jealous of the ridiculous adventure is having tonight while i just sit at home watching big brother .	2
prince george can t wait to take the crown from his dad .	0
you may think you u ve tried them all but i u ll bet you haven u t tried taking on the challenge . . . stop wasting time . . .	1
trump also plans to be in dc tomorrow . watch him on o rilley s show tonight and was great loved what he had say	0
caitlyn jenner may be facing manslaughter charges n not cuz she cut off her junk ! ! ! d couldnthelpmyself	2
just had a bad dream about digi mon and you were in it you left me in asda car park alone too digi was where pets at home is 	0
 video exo m s tudou interview luhan chen sing what is love ! exo m s latest interview with tudou !pretty im . . .	0
can i be the rd clumsy funny blonde to finish amy schumer and jlaw s incomplete ? friend trio ?	0
if osu runs something like that little pop pass they did in the sugar bowl a couple years ago u c they probably score on this th down .	0
the library will be celebrating national ice cream day tomorrow july th ! stop by between am am and make . . .	1
corporations cite moral difference with birth control yet an individual stance on gay wed is discrimination	2
see you on march th . from argentina to miami u c no limits for asot and	0
milan aug reuters after losing only three league games last season juventus have now lost the first two of the new campaign as a	2
fleetwood mac will represent teamtwerk the u .k . in the rd popptartvision with the song rhiannon 	0
daily prayer for december praise be to the lord the god of israel because he has come to his people and . . .	0
if you re married to someone who doesn t like star wars may divorce be with you .	0
donald trump took a jab wednesday at jeb bush for using spanish to dismiss the mogul s conservative credibility .	0
this friday night ! come on out and join us at tres amigos bar and grill for good food good music and just good . . .	1
i m done with sats . if anyone wants my sat book w notes hit me up . i ll let you have it .	1
tomorrow for decade day i m wearing all black and being an oreo . . .	0
february stars u c years old and still one of the best songs dave grohl has ever written . fact	1
bust it baby by plies feat ne yo was my ishhh all th grade year ! reminds me of my ex . . . . in a good way . one of the best years	1
real good game here laguna hills stuns dana hills with th quarter comeback video 	1
if the retaliation to friday is more destruction can we at least have tony blair tried for the war crimes he committed	0
it was a shame all the big oil cos . went to iran in august with a uk minister as the article says vanityproject	2
anybody wanna go to a sam smith concert with me friday . ?	0
 nd successive wt winner against pakistan in the semi finals has lost the final	0
took the day off work and treated babe to some big biscuit and saw ant man . some monday s aren t too bad .	1
watching the movie friday realized smokey was the first one to be catfished in a movie lmao ! girl said she looked like janet jackson o	1
red carpet special on tonight and pics on tomorrow plus deets on where to find the fashion vnzma vnzmas	1
scrap my last tweet ! at on the th for australian directioners it will be two years for the boys	0
could say moya did the same thing with worrying comment that atleti s place is rd or th . i was displeased indeed	2
economic activities in northern nigeria has gone down by due to boko haram learn about it . .then learn to stop it	2
the boys have a surprise for aussie directioners with whispers they may return to the australian xfactor	0
 th day of continuous shelling of baba amr syria	0
happy apple fanboy day ! may the ipad be with you .	1
get the skinny on verizon announces ice cream sandwich for motorola droid bionic after waiting for what may hav . . .	1
bono paul mccartney amp freddie mercury together on stage during the live aid concert at wembley stadium on july 	0
tearing up watching jurassic park for the st time in ages . remembering the awe of seeing it as a kid . sorry for all who got stuck w j world	0
brad keselowski is your winner ! jeff gordon finishes nd with mark martin u c jimmie johnson and carl edwards rounding out the top .	0
another tuesday afternoon treat brought to you by the way back machine . a super early performance of valentine .	1
i think i m gonna wear leggings tomorrow with my jurassic park shirt pls send clothing advice	1
thursday morning freestyles . im the rap game white larry bird	0
 . . . happened to him while leading the people of israel . i know that it may not be easy but you do promise to be with me . thank you for . . .	1
lord sugar named best business role model in the uk kim kardashian came rd as voted by students . was santa nd ?	0
sunday frustrated sunday ! sung in the manner of u . hello hello ! u yeahyeahyeah	0
nice to see welbeck training well in the photo hopefully he will bag a goal or two tomorrow against hull ! afcvhcfc	1
can t overstate the importance of kris bryant s walk off hr after being swept over the weekend and blowing a r lead in the th tonight .	1
we may look at the protestant vs catholic unrest as silly but the same is happening now against muslims . reign beontherightsideofhistory	0
carnival tomorrow who going ? rt	0
i u m serious hawaii is the best vacation spot come in like march tickets are cheaper on monday	1
i may be one of those people who will loath john cena the wrestler but i will always respect john cena the man . makeawish	0
katy perry jabs taylor swift katy perry may have spilled a little more bad blood in the taylo . . . gossip news	0
buying tickets for in milan tomorrow and i swear i feel like i m going to war	0
same dickhead sun readers out there who think we shd bomb syria to protect uk are the same dickheads who voted tory coz they re . . . .	2
i could gie dustin johnson a game going by the way he played the st ! !	0
lucky for shawn you don t need spell check and good grammar to participate in a radio debate . troycrazy cohoesnuts	0
the gop loves israel and israelis and israelis would be happy about st jewish american president . bernie 	0
it s house thursday . . . when music hits u feel no pain hon .bob marley said that have a lovely day fam	1
i wish i could buy something but he doesn t ship to israel . . .	0
i received the best gift anyone could ask for ! ! ! justin bieber tickets ! see you in jun in lincoln justin ! ! ! purposetour	1
im so excited for when you come to northern lights on the th it will probably make my life .	1
sting may give you some ideas .	1
there s a fuckin sickness bug going around my family and i swear to god if i m ill tomorrow i ll be spewing in the crowd at foo fighters .	2
frank gifford and al michaels are the voices i hear when i think about monday night football	1
may i get a solo with niall please ?	0
trill young savage finna walk around the crib naked tomorrow tho . best believe !	1
on the bright side i m getting a taco bell tomorrow . wheey	1
somebody go to this bernie sanders rally at winthrop this saturday with me ? ?	1
colts defensive coordinator greg mausky confirms that olb robert mathis will play sunday vs . dolphins . mathis also says he s good to go .	1
hope our boy fabian delph gets a start tomorrow and continues to produce the quality performances us villans are used to ! comeonengland utv	1
caught the repeat of jersey shore tonight and the damn wall knocked out wtf . . cmon bro ! are you serious right now	2
george harrison here comes the sun happy winter solstice for all those in the northern hemisphere obvs !	1
seen some u tickets for october but i m very afraid the person wants to make profit out of it instead of selling them for face value 	2
i sense the second dana white family hype train coming to an end tonight and another one saturday	0
netflix ? ? rt i m watching the original x men cartoons i used to watch on saturday mornings . . . . throwback iamhappyagain	1
tomorrow venus will transit across the sun . it won u t happen again for a century . programme about it on bbc at tonight . spacefact	0
thursday felt like saturday . saturday was weird . this morning is like st patrick s day . what is tonight like ? futuregrequestion ?	0
read my response to green day last night on earth or last of the american girls ? 	0
many happy solar returns to prince george of cambridge as he turns today !	1
august th dr . dre drops his first album in years . everyone forgets about frank ocean not dropping his . hip hop heads begin hibernation .	2
correct ! when rd memo voted and starts bighting in tsipras likely to go the way of pasok amp nd . euro ? say don t fear drachma	1
scott walker on the bucks . it s cheaper to keep them . he repeated that inspiring line of reasoning wednesday . best passive aggressive ever	0
just getting a feel here . . . who here is planning on getting one of the harry potter themed items tomorrow ? nick iii	0
bnp opposes companies act change the bnp on tuesday asked the government to drop the move to change companies a . . .	2
floyd mayweather picked a guy who has lost of his last fights as his opponent and the boxing world hates him	2
on the th of march the elevator was used for the first time u c and after that everything was hoisted into granite house by its means .	0
jurassic world is back in imax . . . hmmm see it tonight or tomorrow ? . . . or both ?	1
my god if they say another word about how disgraceful gay marriage is they may just get a slap round the face	2
tom brady went in the rd round too but don t see ppl complaining about having his jersey	0
being gay in general is haram in islam . but if you re a muslim that s gay then may allah guide you .	2
i was at ramlila ground where baba ramdev is fasting at pm nd day . in a hot and humid day all covered area was jam packed u c	0
wow i thought jurassic world was just the th movie and it just came out	1
thank you friends ! dancing with chervona at the polish festival last saturday .	1
this saturday u c cherry moon will burst with some raw beatzzz from the masters . you like it raw ? ? ?	0
tuesday september th . the return of the best show ever ! sons of anarchy . hell yeahhhh ! soa	1
randall bailey is due to defend the title against devon alexander in texas on september .	0
turned on the news to see the riots in tottenham this morning . first thought was that spurs must have signed joey barton .	0
gingrich says he may have secret papers re bengazi on hannity	0
rios grounds out to end the inning . should be all for thor with colon and neise on bullpen . still mets in th .	0
god . . . .we get that mad man preview and now the boys are on radio . . . . happy november st to the twfanmily	1
 shares ll go up tomorrow greece s tsipras says loan deal with lenders close via	0
i haven t order yet but i need it tuesday if i order now how many days take to reach saudi arabia ?	0
vettel makes th engine change so will sit out qualy as he must start from pit row . calls the rules stupid . i m not sure he s wrong . f 	2
youre in denial jfc . the babys born in february right watch briana get a miscarriage or some shit .	2
and obama is silent as always because it has to do with christians and or non muslims . wake up people he is one !	2
badly judged joke from herring . joke may not be about rape but reference to rohypnol always evocative of such u c no matter the intent .	2
only more days until africaid s mother s day shopping night at ten thousand villages ! ! friday the th from pm !	1
i haven u t seen it yet u c but alan rickman is permanently awesome u c so i may have to .	1
dir . gen . alan hoffmann and chairman of the board of governors jim tisch have brought tlvbog to a close . see you in february in jerusalem !	0
so its a monday with out teen wolf wtf am i supposed to do	2
i remember on valentine s day in th grade i proposed to in our science class . ever since then she s been the love of my life .	1
will be attending with advanced solutions in education . london u c jan th feb nd 	0
rt rt rt retweet if you re ready for big brother tonight ! teamjorchel bb cbsbigbrother can t w . . .	0
chris rene live exclusive ! x factor may be about to start up its first live show of the season tomor . . .	0
haye vitali deal u signed u david haye still expects a fight with vita . . . click st link ! win	0
vma s might be using zayn for promo or may be he is actually going .	0
i just realized briana is months pregnant and the baby is supposed to be born in february ? how does that work	0
i m ready to see the jets play monday .	0
dean ambrose amp roman reigns needs to find a rd man going up against the wyatt family	0
greentech media when donald trump inevitably becomes president and turns the white house into a mar a lago . . .	2
my new book islam s jesus now in paper with a special discount until may via	0
i see janet jackson in concert this friday . most of you probably never heard of her . excited	1
may be rahul gandhi was going thru those days 	0
lmfao alright u got me there . good job parker and the spurs u c see y u all jan th . if i get an extra ticket to that game ur goin	1
 to make it fair for all ? tory cuts only make it fair for tories . . . same as removing cancer meds in jan amp again soon	0
deal alert here s a rd party battery w great reviews compatible with sony cinealta amp blackmagic ursa cams 	1
deadlines are overrated . sometimes process needs room to blossom . looking forward to the final piece frank ocean .	1
 golddiggers what makes my day is the reuniting of sonia mbele n menzi ngubane bt i think israel will dump thuli for may xes hot hy	0
may or may not be wearing a leaf village headband while watching new naruto rn hint it s lit 	0
milan wanted witsel galliani the club s ceo has revealed he tried to sign the midfielder right up until the end of monday s transf . . .	0
in case anyone asks me tomorrow no i didn t see the vma s but yes i would vote for kanye west because of two simple reasons	1
imagine if this was clashing with tomorrow s celebrity big brother launch though . i d be so torn .	0
i hope she beats her ass .rousey may be a converted guy for all we know . truly who cares !meh .	2
getting more people who never would have touched a dark souls in the st place	0
lance mccullers strikes out josh hamilton his first out of the inning . now on pace to throw pitches in the st . onpaceguy	1
free visa card give away at villa sneakers in genesee valley mall at am with club s ricky burns and lv sat th . . .	0
a mong he may be but if kane can produce last seasons form consistently then england have a goal scorer for years	0
houston just in the weeks following each sharknado release . sharknado comes out wed .	0
watching the st season of army wives	0
next time dustin johnson tees off on a sunday in contention in a major want him decked out in godolphin blue uspga	1
stars aligning for fiorina ? carly fiorina rolled into iowa on thursday with a new status surging presidential contender . news	1
one other possibility hawaii . chow may be done with byu and hawaii may have better options from teams on probation for their dec game .	1
today was the last day of disneyland s regular space mountain . as of this friday it will be space mountain ghost galaxy .	1
one class tomorrow done at and then going home . ready to witness an oklahoma upset on saturday ! cyclonenation	1
new batman comes out tomorrow ! cannot wait to buy it haha	1
i hate to succumb to the thought but rousey just may be the juggernaut .	0
my obsession with american horror story is real i may be in love with tate .	1
moto g nd generation just rs . pay with sbi card black white	0
getting ready for our big day tomorrow at lvms with the new abarth . here s a sneak peak inside !	0
erdogan has drowned a country in blood for votes at the ballot box	2
watchman what of the night ? raymond gram swing . grabhorn press limited st	0
finish taking the cashee math prep . . . . . . .stupid th grade math i don t even remember was on it . . . prep	2
ortiz belts th home run in red sox win over phillies . . . homers to become the th player in mlb . . . mlbstats	0
won the game with out allen in the th we would have lost murray had points i do think they needed to settle allen down	0
came hours before the ed sheeran concert began i waited in the hot sun and almost passed out with barely any water .but it was so worth it	1
ricky ponting was pulled out of a sheffield shield game on friday with a hamstring injury . ricky ponting was pu . . .	0
jun ibm founded as the computing tabulating recording company in endicott new york	0
september so it means days to go before niall s birthday huhu and days to go before cj s birthday i miss this girl so much huhu	1
revelations is the nd worst was the worst but iii u c for mine u c is above i just because lots to do naval battles	2
bro you going to that event at gampel on friday ?	0
if you are interested in my next google for business workshop september derby direct message me for details and a chat lichfieldlocal	0
when will the xbox one codes be given out for gunscape ? it releases tomorrow right ?	0
capello says time for russia to win big match russia manager fabio capello on thursday said that he intended to . . .	1
more players have joined ghana s camp ahead of the friendly game against nigeria on tuesday .	0
with an ace murray takes the rd set but still trails anderson .	0
dustin johnson goes and in the lead did anyone take bryan s advice and take the s on st round leader for the pga ? getting excited ?	0
charles gets the grandkids into gardening he may be only two years old but it seems prince george s grandfath . . .	1
world gold council releases conflict free standard the world gold council wgc published thursday the anticipa . . .	0
i wish and hope had same courage of convictions in writing to isis to march with charlie hebdo cartoons on t shirt	0
and just when i had a few nice things to say about google in my nd edition i ve gotta omit it entirely . much like google s doing .	2
sad that the new episode for naruto on thurs is basically a filler again	2
sunday announcements from the youths .youths want to thank elder opit and experts from usaid for the wonderful . . .	1
i have always said kim kardashian is a very smart businesswoman . you may dislike her for whatever reason but she s smart very smart .	1
i ve been instructed by bucky to make both an oreo cake and oreo parfaits tomorrow . what a busy busy bee i am .	0
early voting is open check out the mommy forum for a list of locations to get your votes in before super tuesday ! . . .	0
reminder for tomorrow make fun of fisher for how gay his snapchat story is . softer than a bag of milk .	2
ok big diff lmao my parents were boaters they didn t know a lot abt islam when they came . my oldest sis wore it in st	0
if dontari poe runs the . slower at the nfl combine u c he u s maybe a nd round pick . nice work chiefs .	1
for sure just missed my exit because was singing to mariah carey way too full out . happy friday all .	0
tsipras on referendum i thought no was going to win on thursday . on friday i was certain of it	2
this may be one of the best weeks of big brother in the history of ever . i love this day .	1
i may be considering wearing my polka dot shorts with the knaus tee shirt in an attempt to stay cool today . lowes 	1
i recently got oddly misty eyed over that night george osborne sat in the wrong carriage	2
i u m not watch today u c but my friday going to be just for tvd	2
grim did you know that kane will return on monday night raw	0
and so ends thursday happy hour with brian kelly .	1
sun qualified rd overall . didn t have skillset to keep up with milan in the dq ls powered bmw . ended up nd overall	0
probably a sleepless night for herkimer county boy who ll get to celebrate his birthday tomorrow with jason aldean	0
if john kasich starts polling better before super tuesday he could be my primary vote	1
christians and their the evil rd eye smh brah read ya bible ! !	2
at the vitali klitschko party udar meeting in odessa u c near potemkin stairs . sep 	0
same way as in bolton are being stubborn and not talking or demanding a stupid fee ? are you expecting jim to sign today ?	2
are you going to maths tomorrow morningg ? ? xx	0
he s the nd daario from game of thrones who s more charming than the original 	1
penalty goal kick by bronwyn corrigan of queens misses on final play of st half . st . fx leads queens at the half . ciswrug 	0
wth only hulk hogan blocked me during my celebrityslandersaturday ? i guess it s still saturday . round two !	0
no ! i m looking so bummy tomorrow ! i have to take the cahsee	2
those are the real ws just ask hank williams the rd	1
picked up a ps controller for pc gaming very pleased . day and night difference compared to the cheap rd party gamepad i ve been using .	1
we found out about briana s pregnancy in august and we dont know when she got pregnant so pls shut up	2
taiwan court extends ex leader u s jail term taipei taiwan u s high court said friday it has extended ex leader chen . . .	0
yanks crush sox with hrs run nd inning associated pressboston red sox right fielder jackie bradley jr . . . .	0
food fact of the day sept u c harland sanders was born near henryville u c indiana . founder of kentucky fried chicken restaurant chain .	0
when all is said and done u c fluke will still need a job . dws are you watching ? never mind you are out of office nov . tcot	0
catch me on the news tomorrow girl cries herself to death at ed sheeran concert	0
im waiting for love rain u s th episode in eng sub the modern cast are so great !	1
aye if u guys like basketball the nba league pass is free for november th find the channels on comcast or direct tv	1
i u ll make my bid for the adidas predator tomorrow godwilling . . .	0
i felt like a kid last thursday days ago . i walked into slackers came out with cds and wow ! i felt like i . . .	0
come to the baltimore screenwriters coffee club this tuesday at the creative alliance ! ! it s always fun ! !	1
just in star wars fanatics now have a new social media site to interact with each other called forcebook may the source be with you . 	1
captain darren sammy just announced windies will be playing for runako morton during rd odi . tribute a great team man and brother 	1
but then he ll be sat on his arse at home or else playing in conference . he s crap and thinks he s david beckham .	2
you may call me a bad fan but i sobbed so hard tonight because zayn wasn t there . everytime they sang his part my heart broke	2
for the th anniversary edition of ps you should have added original controller ports with psx backwards compatibility	0
every day from work monday had the paley screening tuesday had to run errands tonight auditions ran late . no break yet . 	2
i can think of no finer thing than for an irishman to win the british open tomorrow . good luck paul dunne .	1
this goes way too fast o its been already a year that i saw avril lavigne in concert october u c one of the best day of my life d	1
 oct rock on dandiya nite at sangam university bhilwara just beat it	1
q what is the weather like in italy in november ? and is that a good time to travel there ? italy weather ipad	0
remember when madonna tried acting a bit back in the s ? rickiandtheflash is out tomorrow 	1
travelling to europe happy new year rahul gandhi congress vice president rahul gandhi on monday tweeted that he will be travelling . . .	1
bomb squad bake sale thursday the th ! ! ! don u t miss out .	1
is it true ? is it true ? apple watch s here ? para namang may balak ako bumili hahahaha 	0
we may or may not be skyping with drake right now . . . .hahahahaha mademynight	1
sooo just seen somewhere that kanye west wants to run for president i sincerely hope that s just an extremely late april fools . . . .	2
fans of theresa may shop at topman and enjoy jim davidson as do fans of george osborne who also really like the movie the interview .	1
on mvc teleconference u c it seems jacobson found a lot more things wrong with saturday u s exhibition after seeing the tape . unihoops	2
were going to grand bend tomorrow and my mom said i should invite you but idk if youd wanna come hhaa !	0
shield kids event october th bar n grill in pico rivera come n help support the fundraiser abused and abandon children	0
i just got back from hawaii on monday and i u m feeling sick too .	2
chuck close is creating mosaics for the th st . station of the nd ave subway . this makes me hate the project a lot less . well played mta .	2
good luck to and the it team climbing mount snowdon tomorrow for bristol based charity paul s place . send a picture from the top	1
so if kane gets a nd . then in the last minute england get a penalty who takes it ? or ? engvswi rooney kane	0
like if you just label yourself liberal it s different . hell bill maher literally said c mon guys i m not a tea partier ! 	0
twitterverse blowing up about shannon sharpe s awesome hall of fame speech . we ll have the video clip on nfl .com a little later tonight .	1
jets over spent on decker and sat back like he was aaron rodgers	2
i may be shit at guitar but at least i can work a broom across a floor george harrison you lazy fuck !	2
cant wait to see the ipad hd . .	1
zayn s family have their last day in la . they will be leaving tomorrow .	0
cate blanchett leads the winners at the th annual aacta awards daily mail online	1
think imma go see flight tomorrow . . denzel u s the shit	2
october new photo of justin with lenny kravitz at l amp arc . via	0
on tuesday night at neighborhood theatre u c the crowd chanted for an encore . so u c naturally u c	0
i can t believe aaron carter is coming out with his th album tha carter iv	2
congrats to the winner of the colts game tix on sunday ! even better the budman will be his wingman at	1
after days so far on saturday i will finally see this guy again . come home safe batman i love you .	1
just notified that steelers can u t find hotel rooms in ny so they u re leaving sunday morning . thank you u c scorecenter u c for this breaking news .	0
i wonder what really went down the night meredith was murdered in the amanda knox trial .	0
haven t made your plans or friday night ? come out and hang with us the slackers at schooners from ! will b a great time ! bring friends !	1
still entertained by music which accompanied sunday s silverstone uk truck racing . first race fleetwood mac with the chain f 	1
bayern lost to bayer leverkusen sunday . they remain at the top of the table and are allowed to slip up one . . .	0
greg abbott ag ken paxton cost taxpayers in legal fees in gay marriage case . can you say frivolous lawsuit ?	2
photo oct u c eunhae icn to nanjing looks like the fish was feeling possessive 	0
apparently trump may have made this comment back during the charlie hebdo attack and not this one .	0
marichalar is probably gonna wake me up at am blasting ac dc tomorrow because it s game day and oh he plays to tu que sabes	0
watch cate blanchett on carol the universality of love chemistry with rooney mara friday no . . . via	0
i have a real dilemma here u c so tomorrow is the a ap rocky concert in phoenix but i got called back to start working tomorrow at bianchi u s	0
 d today is sundae july and it s national ice cream day ! d from classic vanilla to avocado yes it exists . . .	1
i think nig amp chad specifically need coordinate info release about boko haram . contradictions may hamper mnjtf operations	2
super eagles coach sunday oliseh spoke to journalists in lagos on monday on why he took the eagles job and his . . .	0
troy bird s st grade teacher asked him how many stars there were on the american flag . chuck norris replied yes . and was correct .	0
your mom sat on psn and it went down .	2
my mums going to liverpool shopping tomorrow and i u m working . damn	0
i told my uncle that wade miley is pitching for the red sox tomorrow and he responded i d rather see miley twerk than see him pitch 	0
we re sat by the thames and orally retelling harry potter and the philosophers stone . i am the worst at this game .	2
cbb u c may just starve till she gets in .	0
chicago sun times kris bryant and jessica delp spend day off at shedd aquarium	0
its thursday and the warmness continues to be a pain like kanye west	2
news on japan japan s post disaster growth strategy the great east japan earthquake on march was the b . . .	0
lol red sox just slid through rd base out	0
may have always been israel but no reason zionists had to kill for it .	2
damn only the nd day in the nba season and tony parker already hitting game winners clutch	0
below are some details about the bentley award ceremony tomorrow night . it will be a fantastic sight to see . . .	1
it may be considered heresy by some but that s never silenced me b so wouldn t it be better to grow w gay parents then to be aborted ?	0
 marks the th birthday of the chelsea flower show . if you re heading to the uk in may why not combine a . . .	0
 mntwins rally to beath the white sox tuesday night	0
ironman wales highlights on channel tomorrow morning at . am . i hope there s no footage of me being sick on the run !	2
come to green valley ranch jeff timmons wired show buddy i play guitar in it ! ! ! ! ! this friday and saturday in ovation room	0
the royals won games this year and the giants won just both wildcard teams will play next tuesday in kc in the world series .	0
my friends and i are betting joe wets his pants when he sees the whopping mittens will get nov 	0
federer saved bp from and holds for in the nd set .	1
saudi security forces opened fire on shia protesters in the tense qatif district of eastern province on friday detail	2
droid bionic pops up on motorola site looks set for september release between the leaked ads blurry photos . . .	2
carly fiorina says no to challenging the constitution or th amendment amp does not support deportation .	2
kim davis ky clerk blocking gay marriage held in cmpt . a state employee amp broke the law . have fun in prison may u find a nice woman !	2
tom brady won t talk about deflate gate new england patriots quarterback tom brady said on sunday that he . . .	0
and also u c haven u t been able to check and cba updates since sunday . if anyone hears any news u c please pass it along to me . thanks !	2
going to see annabelle with my mate only just realised it s incredibly stupid of me cause i m home alone tonight and tomorrow night ahhh	2
article highlighted ss as one of the top groups in the nd generation of kpop idol fr onwards 	1
yes ! ! ! ! lol . i think andy mentioned her on the july th show and audrey actually mentioned him on big brother too lol . loves him .	1
perron ? really ? gagner is no comparison . perron st liner gagner rd liner . one pt game and people forget that he is a bum ? ? ? ?	0
john cena blocked everything except for seth rollins knee to the face on raw this past monday !	0
hey matt my buddy got me a ticket for this sunday s game against the vikings . any chance you re going and we could meet ?	0
i doubt it was the sun you were probably blaring the calibraska ep to loud	0
going to olive garden with my family ! so happy it u s my th birthday !	1
my great grandpa was gonna march with dr . king but he said nah man u c why march when i can finger these white bitches instead ? 	2
hehhe heres the last of the hannibal stickers im making . . ill reopen my store with all the hannibal designs tomorrow !	1
can t wait for tomorrow at pm ! chelsea v crystal palace ! hope the blues will win !	1
gn tomorrow christians today pharaoh would rather wallow in sin one more day than to ask god to remove the sin immediately ! rpsp	0
ok this is not louis but the rd pic does kinda look like briana i guess idk gotta zayn	0
found out that monster hunter on the ds has online so i guess i may end up playing it ?	0
legs be having you beyonce returned to her diva best as she strutted back on to the stage on saturday night	1
presstitutes n othr anti nationals were relating yakub s hanging with modi . . . . . . . . . . . rd class leeches	0
not sure i wanted tiger woods to win a golf tournament more than i do today . swallowed the pride showed up and delivered . c mon big cat !	1
saturday night rapidly approaches ! chris evans plays guitar on the bar tonight at pm followed by dj law in at . come get soical !	1
don u t think chelsea should appeal for torres u red card . let sturridge play tomorrow . it u s the carling cup u c not pl .	2
just had my st experience with amazon prime . holy . crackers . amazing .	1
john cena got screwed thanks to the interference i think the wwe should they should have a rematch monday night raw	0
although seeing sos was amazing and one of the best nights of my life . the foo fighters may have them beat	1
we always mess up when we get the chance to go up the table when atleti or barca mess up . please win tomorrow 	1
halfway through the nd kings lead . collison mclemore gay landry and cousins on the court .	0
bring on the housemates ! celebrity big brother kicks off august th pm exclusively on tv !	1
babe get your free trial i want to see beyonce live and flatbush !	1
home now and i am sacked out with my puppy on my couch on the afternoon sun after a long thursday . . . douglas adams was a genius hhgttg	1
hello man in pointy u c multicoloured u c snake skin cowboy boots u c a suit and axl rose u s hair u c you u ve made my friday heart even happier .	1
did you know i love your face ? because i do . ps . i named my rubber ducky capt . sparkle pants the rd . wtf	0
david beckham was once the nd best player in the world playing for one of the biggest clubs too . a lot of context to that	1
angela merkel told uk to take more of her immigrants .that was april .now she s putting in border controls	2
gucci bags divine breath pomposity april huff the double harness your extraordinary approach raising to master . . .	1
hm asks delhi police to ensure swachh bharat drive on october modi had paid a surprise visit to the mandir . . .	0
funny cause that asshole from the sun said niall confirmed the sun story like fuck no he did not	2
listening to fleetwood mac and doing research and trying to get with the times lol productive monday	1
my st amp likely last justin bieber tweet but doesn t this pic look like he should be fronting a smiths cover band ?	0
not the best start to the nd set from murray but our print editor is more focused on the fact that apparently both players look scruffy 	2
hope you are having an eggcellent tuesday ! the omelet was for bentley and i .	1
man it s tuesday you shouldn t be eating thanksgiving leftovers still	2
i have no idea who that is ! was thinking about wednesday adams not just so i can wear a wig honest .	0
wow i just noticed that dongwoo and eunkwang share the same birth date u c november . omgyu ma awesome biasseu 	1
chris tucker and ice cube need to make another friday	0
played football watched football and last nights ufc amp just taken down a massive ruby whilst watching twilight . what sunday s are made for !	1
 more followers to go ! rt follow for a chance to win a sampler ! you may even get to sample the new cigar we are releasing at the ipcpr !	1
 musictoday ben sollee how to see the sun rise with lyrics hd blipfm	0
again nd best album of the year according to noisey ranked one position below kendrick lamar !	1
retiring well with michael reese contributing to your roth ira a show airing tuesday on amp can help you av . . .	0
getting quite the james bond education while eating thanksgiving leftovers makes for a much better black friday than shopping would be !	1
boruto naruto the movie s september philippine premiere revealed ! film will open exclusively in sm cinemas . . . .	1
my little harry kenyon celebrates his nd birthday today with prince george	1
agreed . but another sec loss makes it awfully hard for the tigers to play in the georgia dome on dec . . two more lights out	2
if you like the sound of that it u s on at pm every wednesday on the animal planet channel	1
droid bionic confirmed for september th while most of the united states had its eyes on the east cost last nig . . .	0
tomorrow will be an exciting day at fbc as we celebrate baptism with new christians ! join us to worship god who saves us in christ !	1
dan may be a rat but he supports bernie sanders so he s alright	1
as long as the final shot is called by there is no such thing as moderates in iran .	2
they may be different types of players but don t say messi and ronaldo are the best . not yet anyway . they might be remembered that way	0
this time next sunday i ll be at the zac brown band concert at fenway . can t wait for it	1
a pound woman struggles with the hard work and commitment needed to get healthy on emwl abc sunday at pm	0
news new video by david bowie tomorrow on tv a few weeks ago when we wrote the news a lot of fans we . . .	1
tomorrow cacao is being delivered along with star wars little golden books and i get to finally play armello on ps ! is it tuesday yet ?	1
niall s voice is just too good this th album will kill me	1
tryna get this math lab out the way ! half tonight then half tomorrow .	0
tampa bay buccaneers game by game predictions for nd half of the season bleacher report	0
pretty little liars isn u t back on till january . what am i supposed to do with my tuesday nights until then ?	0
can t say i was overly comfy with it in the mall first fri afternoon in eid . so many men . no women . tried to shrink bust inwards .	0
yesterday ericka n i went to the hotel where sam smith was staying n sat in the lobby for a good hrs n saw guys that seemed important 	1
time to roll out the red yellow blue and green carpet looking forward to google coming in to pitch their new opportunity today at kinetic	1
congrats to as mizzou beats kentucky ! tigers advance to face top seed florida in the semis on friday at pm ! mizsec	1
all the talk will be about nicki and miley tomorrow . nothing else has been talk worthy . vmas	0
guess whose going to be in charleston tomorrow too . . . meeeee	0
come visit curtis and the girls on this beautiful tuesday ! ! grab a patio seat for one of the last times or sit . . .	1
wwe in brock lesnar s territory of minneapolis minnesota ! and fittingly lesnarvstaker on monday night raw . i love it ! summerslam	1
david wright isn t in the lineup tonight . we re going to look into this folks . there may be an injury situation to report . fingers crossed .	0
veteran day video makes me think of th grade mylife	0
happy thor s day twitter friends ! thursday lol cats funny humour	1
laura wright u c gareth malone u c noah stewart and margherita taylor attend the classic brit awards u c september 	0
donald trump may criticize jeb bush all he wishes but he isn t able to call jeb bush nor his supporters racist like the donald is .	2
why is so scared of having john cena winning his th title ? it s just stupid !	2
karthikeyan in nd is already being warned by his hrt engineer that he needs to cool the brakes u c with laps still to go . f 	2
whoo ! clippers won the season opener ! the lakers are now . the battle of l .a . starts friday . let s go ! clippernation	1
i watched the clock turn midnight and just sat there thinking how crazy it is that i met shawn exactly a year ago	0
juniors . tomorrow is the last day to order class rings ! herf jones will be at school from .	0
wishing sunday was today . summerslam someone s going to hell tomorrow night . either brock lesnar or undertaker .	1
khamenei has written a nd letter to western youth giving them advice i hope they learn how to bankrupt their country like he did to iran !	2
nicki miinaj talks to robin roberts on good morning america nicki minaj performed for the good morning america . . .	0
free dress day tomorrow u c well lsu or alabama shirt with jeans	0
gana fucking rd wheel with my younger cousin amp his gf to go see paper towns 	0
hi thank you so much . happy friday to u 	1
leaning scott walker actually . liked some of carly fiorina . ted cruz would be my rd albeit over the top personality 	1
happy for wilson getting b mouth st amp nd goals . . . saw him working hard vs mufc . but sad that adebayor no is now with kane .	0
sonic drive in national hot dog day today july rd all american or chili cheese hot dog for all day	1
if i m off from work again tomorrow i m spending the entire day catching up on the walking dead .	0
tomorrow is valentine s day and i can honestly say it s not going to be the worst valentine s day i ve ever had . obviouschild	0
i cancelled with amazon as they weren t going to post until the th ! went with book depository instead still waiting	2
it s amazing to think in years we could have the st woman president ! carly fiorina will make an excellent commander in chief . nohillary	1
lord and i killed the floor friday when bad blood came on !	1
retweeted iron maiden alright it s the last wednesday before thebookofsouls is released so . . .	0
cant wait to rock apologize by one republic jesus freak by dc talk tonight gettin redy to rock sasabo japan	1
me right now with tao because he used to be my nd bias bad blood	0
you may remember frank gifford for football but i remember him for putting his cock in another girl s ass while he was married to kath lee .	2
welcome to my usual dreams ! s used to it by now . other night was merlin arthur a dragon that was actually from harry potter .	0
idc says server based storage sales soaring amp dell s pwning the market ibm netapp amp hp rubbing shoulders to claim nd	1
kentucky s stoops is wary of the tigers big play potential . lsu is th in nation in plays of yards or more 	0
why is nero so ridiculously gay for dante the world may never know	2
i think i ve become a jets fans over the last few months their st game is on my birthday too ! gojetsgo	1
is that i am very excited to share on instagram brings their app to ipad and redesigns the iwatch in november .	1
y don t u ask ur reporters to collect pottys of yakub menon so tomorrow you can sell it as secular fertiliser . .rubbish reporting shame	2
you know rih is having a halloween party tomorrow in la ?	0
surprised conor mcgregor isn t togging out for dublin tomorrow . get away with more in croker then in the octagon	0
at around pm on monday u c winans said he heard his son crying and went to check on him . when the concerned dad . . .	0
i go to church every sunday since i was little . i u ve sinned u c but idk . young life is great but they have the wrong idea about	2
i just had something pop into my head as i was replying to a post left by a member . . . alonso s future may not . . .	0
saudi arabia hikes petrol prices by at the pump waec releases nov dec gce result pass recorded . . .	0
kedai komik online exclusive for a limited time september th december st the batmobile from batman v . . .	0
tomorrow is going to be the best day to celebrate national ice cream day at murray s !	1
i may not like the seahawks as a team but russell wilson is the real deal when it comes to role models .	0
off to see toby keith at the red rock casino amphitheater tonight in vegas . oh yeah 	1
les is back in haltwhistle tomorrow at the partnership office feel free to call in for a cuppa amp a chat about your business pm	0
if anyone s interested in some tickets for the zac brown concert on saturday the tenth let me know !	0
the whole band and niall are on the struggle bus today . . just get it together for the show tomorrow !	0
wish my grammy was here with me to celebrate my birthday on sunday missyou	1
amazon prime deliver on a sunday . . .just saying . . .	1
internship website launched in nebraska nebraska governor dave heineman today announced the launch of a new web . . .	0
oh and p .s . big adidas warehouse sale tomorrow if you u re interested !	1
hanging with my monsters on a saturday night watching sharknado ! they love it ! sharknado 	1
i narrowed it down to a top of rd rumors by fleetwood mac nd the libertines by the libertines funny enough 	1
orientation may be coming to an end but the semester is only beginning ! start it off with jurassic world at pm !	1
thursday night s gopdebate was the highest rated primary debate in tv history . must be because of that john kasich sex appeal .	1
now that dustin johnson s inevitable major sunday debacle is over does he go tomorrow since it s monday ?	2
starts friday disaster action film san andreas with dwayne johnson followed by ted with mark wahlberg .	0
the thing i m most jealous of ab miley is that she got rapped ab by jay . . .nearly marrying liam is a close nd	1
seriously the boys worked so hard on de album there u s a leak again ? i u m gonna wait since the album preview on itunes on monday .worth d wait	1
kris bryant may have just hit a walk off home run . . . oh wow ! wow ! ! ! ! gocubsgo	1
dallas stars forward jamie benn has signed with the hamburg freezers in germany . he could make his debut against mannheim on friday .	0
what a ripper game friday night o js shortland v valentine nothing left on the bench all in semi final . . . .	1
kanye west to run for president ? making kim the first st lady with a sex tape .	2
listening to some grateful dead on the youtubes . it s giving my friday afternoon a great vibe .	1
rt call the hospital in iqaluit press for english . every cdn should experience hearing an aboriginal language as st choice	0
while msnbc host chris matthews may be over the moon about john kasich seeing him as the most moderate and . . .	0
just some where did you sleep last night by nirvana acoustic because may need it .	0
if dustin johnson makes par at the st instead of quad we have a ball game . he s still fun to watch	0
news pudsey pays a visit ! if you went down to cascades on saturday you d be sure of a big surprise .	1
also since i m watching aaron samuels on dancing w the stars i m just disappointed that i didn t give october rd proper justice meangirls	2
don t forget to grab tickets to nov . have you seen in sharknado ? !	0
pakistan clears visa accord u c india welcomes it new delhi islamabad u c nov ians a day after pakistan u s cabinet ap . . .	1
curtis painter s finally going to get a shot tonight . i can t help but root for that guy !	2
after a day at the lake me and my girl are getting ready to do vegas big tonight ! blessed freshtodeath	1
offer is above m . bentley won t be in the squad tomorrow i don t think	0
legendary chuck norris may visit azerbaijan we mostly talked about sports in azerbaijan i informed them in d . . .	1
i posted photos on facebook in the album t mobile surprise party wine and canvas studio september 	1
i m not very fond of peter travers but it s a big deal that he may possibly lose his job at rolling stone . not in a good way either .	2
government on wednesday attacked rahul gandhi for alleging per cent political vendetta coming out of pmo in the national herald . . .	2
saving face is on the top of my adff to watch list . can t wait till saturday 	1
he just got completely u c utterly lost . . it u s not like there was a viable nd option u c everyone knew it was parker u s shot !	2
tomorrow is force friday and i get to see slipknot . totally the good day that ice cube rapped about .	1
 tickets for jason aldean tomorrow hmu if you want them	1
survey federer has ostensibly the toughest th round match but is there a tougher one ? does isner win a set ? does rba ?	0
sat chatting about todays sport when theres a knock on the door . wolf hopes its chuck norris . its not . its richard blackwood . jesus christ .	0
idc im still gettin payback . . .a week it is . .startin tomorrow	0
prolly sunday . i feel like this movie will be crazy . you know the ice cube actor is actually ice cube s son ?	1
john cena and randy orton brawl outside the ring raw jan . via	0
what u s the odds of waking up in shotton on a sunday morning in a gypsys caravan ? mad night ! ! ! !	1
caitlyn jenner may face manslaughter charges caitlyn jenner may be about to face manslaughter charges for her . . .	0
a little bit of toolroom tv to get you in the mood for sat night . . . . filthy rich in the house	0
hear the real thing abt congress frm cm of karnataka ! siddu the nd rahul gandhi in line . .o god save us from these 	2
 st patricks day with u guys on script tour don t mind which is st last as long as hear the amazin i m yours	1
somehow i managed to lose my princess leia bra on saturday . i u m going to noel gallagher as glock at phish ie jorts tank .	0
best of luck to tonight who have a big league game against everton at borehamwood . pm k .o .	1
reminiscing the day of eid in the beautiful city of madinah . . . what a day it was ! may allah take us all to visit the haramain . ameen .	1
bobby jindal makes bold move against planned parenthood bobby jindal may have done something to get the media aw . . .	0
what is your food and drink policy for the ac dc concert tomorrow night ?	0
randy orton will face off with sheamus at wwebattleground on sunday .	0
happy birthday to haryana . march on the path to progress . . . .	1
so i m ready to make more progress in dark souls ng ng . . .we ll kick off tomorrow s stream with ng chat chosen weapons pm edt ! ! !	0
same hur we u ll figure it out in yearbook tomorrow 	0
good morning bel ami fans ! thought we u d start your sunday off with more gorgeous bel ami fan art ! this one . . .	0
watching pll halloween event for the th time and im still shaking lol	0
bout u to watch joyful noise for the u c time ! nd favorite movie ! !	1
 on istep i passed math but not english o well i am going to the th grade wooooooooaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh	1
sack ! jamal wilson with a sack of chris brown ! rd down coming up	1
great news indeed for reem the teen who talked to angela merkel german can do it very well too !	1
iam not sure if reggie realizes this but statistically gary carter is the th greatest catcher in the years of baseball kid lgm	1
west indies team to go home after the th odi in dharamsala . no th odi no one off t and no three test series . . . .	0
federer is my nd fave male tennis player of all time right after the great arthur ashe .	1
don u t forget the classical brit awards at pm tonight for a special appearance of the th anniversary cast of phantom for th bday ? ?	0
another tony blair has emerged . no doubt this topic will be the hot discussion issue in class on monday . life being a politics student	1
 st i was fishing nd i was talking about the galatasaray game	0
it s going to be degrees at disneyland tomorrow . so i will pretty much riding small world over and over again bc it as a c . lol	1
pictures of the day july miss usa is crowned a leaping gymnast and an erupting volcano	0
for anyone listening tomorrow i confused peter pan with moby dick i didn t confuse thor and wolverine .	0
 nd break point for murray ! will he take it ?	0
all i wanna do is see the foo fighters saturday at wrigley . . . .	1
chinese ? on top of the international holidays u c we have chinese new year eve u cchinese new year day u cchap goh mei th day 	0
dustin johnson kissed paulina gretzky under the fireworks on fourth of july 	1
wait is the jelly and michael episode that shawn is on tomorrow new ? ? ?	0
anybody want some dispatch tickets . they are playing next thursday oct at dar constitution hall with good . . .	0
oh u c it is u c tomorrow is jason wu fashion show ! ! you would love !	1
i anxiously google frank ocean all day long like he s an ex boyfriend and i m on facebook and it s am on a saturday .	0
picture it s pm rural nebraska truckstop snow flurries february starving . food options at food court . yikes .	2
excited to see that boruto naruto the movie is coming out in malaysia on the th of november !	1
not sure what surprises me more about the st season of roseanne the fact that george clooney had a recurring role or his hair .	0
birmingham bounce yougov on fri and sun and now today all put the tories ahead	1
still can t believe i m going to the chelsea vs . manchester united game december th . dream come true !	1
pretty sure of the st like marvel characters had capes . dr . strange and thor . and by the way a cape totally works on dr . strange .	1
if the landlord or landlady muslims tomorrow they will steal your address and spy on your family back home and find out what they own amp work	2
getting ready to go to da airforce in january music and workin basically about it . . . .yhu still stay in knollwood apts . ?	0
i just took airtime the new video chat service from start up stars shawn fanning and sean parker for a spin on tuesday its first . . .	0
oh right it was the rd of september today papa was a rolling stone .	0
ihop has short stacks tomorrow . finna fuck it up !	1
now we need to make one for frank ocean	0
well i ll be buying my ps on the th of march !	1
currently sitting on the stairs at cbs scene listening to jason aldean and kenny chesney so i can prepare myself for when i see him tomorrow	1
can u t wait for your tour so exited ! ! ! ! il see u on monday i hope remember me camilla parker bowles lol love you so much ! xxxx	1
just heard bad blood by t swiffle for the th time today . i think it s time to go home .	0
delicious comfort food on a cold saturday braised ribs with apples onions potatoes and sauerkraut	1
google is surprisingly unhelpful at providing the cubic oxygen intake per minute of an average adult weasel . c mon google get it together .	0
maybe the ponies in ponyville have interesting things to talk about ! c mon twilight just try ! spikebot	0
going to see the foo fighters tuesday if anyone wants to come !	0
tonight at midnight ends sober october and it s halloween ! look out myrtle beach ! 	1
c mon babes ! let s vote on gaga and put her again on st . it s missing just days till the end ! mtvstars lady gaga	1
lmao simmons putting out the bill and jalen previews at am tomorrow	0
anyway u c i u ll be looking the other way tonight . as you may have guessed u c i u m going to a halloween party as joe paterno .	0
 getshawntoyourcountry getshawntomexico ending the th day of our all ready known mission get shawn here . tomorrow i will keep trying .	0
calling all voters u c i u m calling on nevada u cflorida u cohio u ctuesday night is the night u guys will i repeat will shine for the president lets go !	0
will be a super eagles regular with his move to weder bremen ? read it on	0
alhamdulillah maryam got engaged and inshallah after eid will be her marriage . may allah bless my sister with happiness and much more .	1
i wish was going to cowboys tomorrow . i miss her .	1
toni gonzaga will be in legazpi on october . huhuhuhu . i wanna cry i want to come but how ? i dont have money . waaaah	2
murray gets the pass across . st and from the .	0
eating spaghetti and watching jurassic park on my saturday night . not even mad about it . great movie great food .	1
oh ! ! maybe pride tomorrow ? or metro ? ? i rlly wanna go to that asian place with kpop stuff . . .	1
so caitlyn jenner may face man slaughter charges . he thought that the sex change would be easier for when she goes to prison	2
anybody wanna go see hotel trannsylvania u c frankenweenie u c pitch perfect u c and that movie with viola davis as a teacher with me tomorrow ?	0
why do y all want nicki to be pregnant so bad like maybe around the th album but she s literally still in her prime .	0
i got the job at claytons ! i start monday doing sheetrock moneymakin	0
well sm years ago in milan stadium showers of yellow lights for healing the grasp . may be just a coincidence but milan losed . hi .	0
i loved tom cruise in tropic thunder and that s pretty much it . but i heard edge of tomorrow was great .	0
josh hamilton just hit a record hr in the st round of the home run derby . hr for chase utley . he saves them for when it counts .	0
i guess we u ll see how far we u ve come on tuesday . i think u c and fervently hope u c that maryland will make us proud .	1
 news pepe reina believes the stylish manner of liverpool s victory over fc gomel on thursday . . . lfc website 	1
 has modiji taken selfie with a farmer ? rahul gandhi s dig at pm congress vice president rahul gandhi on mon . . .	0
monday u s rain . bdr brought the monthly total to . which is just above normal . through yesterday .	0
a kurt cobain solo album due out in november ? ? ? it s about time . . . tupac s been doing it for years . thank you	1
rahul gandhi is doing a march to airport to welcome the new tolerant friendly and peaceful face of congress mr . khurshid .	1
sejesong sunday sessions imbizo busy corner midrand ivory park ext next to eskom is the place to be pm till late	0
i may be asian but it doesn t mean i automatically like t ara . i m not even familiar with kpop . directionersfuneral	2
garcia hit sacrifice fly to left eaton scored abreu tagged out at second . white sox lead the mariners in the bottom of the th	0
i just did a shit load of typing . my group better call me queen tomorrow .	0
did something happen at curtis again ? cause apparently no one s going to school again tomorrow . . . . ? ? ? ?	2
carly fiorina we should not repeal the th amendment via very impressed with this interview ! !	1
thanks jurassic park is gonna roar this saturday night with amp tasty food trucks !	1
looking at the results from the gold coast is getting me excited for going at twickers in may d	1
friday find a friend is all sam the labrador does and is all he asks for in return . dontshopadopt	0
cech set to leave in january atletico madrid has joined roma and real madrid in the race to sig . . . transfernews	0
it s been pouring for days i m starting to look like one of those twilight characters . where s that doggon sun yo damn you florida .	0
george osborne orders gov departments to draw up plans for a further of cuts by september the man is gone mad .	2
special notice for lefties who try to watch the best show on tv u c justified . nd try melts tv 	2
got my alarm set so i can be up when tickets for shawn at the go on sale tomorrow ! want the best seats i can get .	1
a for poa ! ! i can do it ! ! gonna give my all on tmr lesson . saturday do one paper . sunday read on theory . monday kill the paper !	1
 wretributionrp urijah faber agrees that his confrontation with conor mcgregor looked rigged last friday whi . . .	2
and just as an fyi u c wife has tons of real books u c i have u c levin o u reilly hannity from drew brees u c yours will be my th	0
you may dress like nicki and amelia may dress like miley	0
when paul dunne made his wishes perhaps he should have been more specific than be leading up the th on sunday at the open bbcgolf	0
 just bought tickets to see paul rudd and co . on december rd . . don u t go on vacation until after the show ! !	1
i m so nervous for next tuesday i m so excited to see who s going to brought on the stage with shawn	1
also monday night eat at maverik center as we debut little italy at the back of the concourse with seating for people . check it out !	0
great first half for milwaukee s last two st round picks . tobias harris with and and john henson with and .	1
it u s weird to think about how much money was spent on the washington monument just to make the world u s biggest sun dial .	0
scene in straight outta compton of ice cube writing the script for friday hilariously exemplifies how scattered the film s second half is .	0
meryl streep is like the coolest woman ever ! ! i want to be related to her ! may go watch itscomplicated	1
i shouldn t say jesus . i may have just offended christians .	0
we put a nd team out and get beat and you go rafa . . . behave ben ! ! you sound like a wool calling for rafa	0
when it comes to thursday night football this makes the europa league look top fucking notch engvsm	2
so who wants to go and watch annabelle with me on saturday night my girlfriend is being to much of a pussy annabelle	2
rt dec . rd its about to go down kevin hart voice new orleans gone kick me the hell out lt that s my birthday	1
do not watch the kurt cobain doccie . just don t . self portrait the cult of jg leroy virunga amp they will have to kill us st	2
broncineers ! remember that tomorrow we have the kickball tournament ! games start at pm at the track and field . . .	0
a lot of work goes into to showing a movie under the stars ! come out tomorrow night at watch joyful noise on our . . .	0
join us at one of our sunday offerings . . . am therapeutic yoga with kimberly pm mellow flow with marjorie	0
real madrid president florentino perez is to hold a press conference at the bernabeu at pm on tuesday prepare tomatoes	0
i basically live here . find me on the th floor ! dr . martin luther king jr . library on yelp	0
so you think the feud between brock lesnar vs the undertaker will end after sunday s match at summerslam ?	0
miley may act and be the way she is but she is a good person . nicki is the one looking for fights anywhere . embarrassing . . .	0
aim nation the clan is growing fast ! members since launch last saturday . plenty of room for more members on ps and xb .	1
i just removed kenny lofton from my hall of fame vote . taking his place todd walker . the slightly better than average nd baseman .	0
got a bit of sun today ! cant wait to tan tan tan ! nz weather i love you 	1
im a cubs fan if i find out tomorrow kris bryant worshipped the cardinals i wouldnt care one bit . . . .strange phenomenon	0
g night i hv school tomorrow hope i ll wake up with niall follows	1
so taylor swift is going to be in columbus on friday september th . . . . whose with me ? ? ? ?	1
calling kofi annan right now . . . .hang in there it s friday . oopsie it s half term friday . . . .scratch that .	0
dana white coming off as an asshole telling holm s camp about immediate rematch in july amp she can t fight tate . selfish . what else is new .	2
another week . c . wants to take him to a gay bar . assistant points out that he may find a girlfriend . or a boyfriend . whatever .	0
fun in the sun at venice beach ! beachbum honeymoon travel mood venicebeach	1
aj will you follow me for my birthday ? also looking really forward to seeing y u all nov ! my first college game 	1
just watched some of the video i took from the public enemy s th anniversay australian tour last night at the . . .	0
this one kid just told the bus driver he had two bottles of liquor for breakfast lmao i think ill sit with mitchie tomorrow	0
almost home we u re in dubai na u going to nin u s tomorrow ?	0
woke up like ice cube on friday put on the deebos an made a bowl of cereal then noticed there s no milk lmao	0
it s been a couple years . right after im but before thor and cap . the first half of season will be over next tuesday .	0
we ll be at dunkin again on the th ! come on out ! or you ll surely miss out ! localmusic janesville	1
fightweets was conor mcgregor on tuf the right call ? boxing chance friday hall las	0
oliseh returns next week for afcon qualifier super eagles coach sunday oliseh will return to the country next . . .	0
listening to calibraska for probably the th time today calibraskaep	1
windows may be installed on million pcs but how many of those rolled back to their previous version like me ? suck it microsoft .	2
harper ndp or liberal govt possible harper s spirit broken tired of so much hate against him of his own making given up the ghost peace mon	2
i just need to chill . can u t wait to unleash some aggression at black dahlia murder tomorrow . gonnaendalife	2
derrick mason at the slot though ? i can just hear it now . . . sanchez to mason . . . st down . .another rd down conversion ! all year . . . jets	0
new photo of prince william and prince george on princess charlotte s july th christening day relea	0
wbo s rd time fighter of the decade manny pacquiao . oras	0
august celebrity birthdays rolling stone has named him the top rock and roll lead singer of all t . . . fashion	0
d highest on preeid d highest on eid d highest single day ever d highest monday par with day each day is a record bajrangibhaijaan .	0
of an attack with sophos first european vendor security solutions living tomorrow . . .	0
trump said june th that he d be at miss usa pageant in baton rouge . organizers say he s not coming . no word yet from his camp on his plans	0
if speeds aren t an issue on your pc and laptop it may be an issue with the ps have you tried disconnecting all . . .	0
tomorrow ? ? who promised you tomorrow ? ? give yourself to the lord today ! ! the winans .	0
sadly the bjp may still find itself on the backfoot next elections despite best efforts by rahul gandhi	2
i just cried over a dead badger named shreddie on animal planet . another tough friday night .	2
dana white said the bellagio had to freeze payouts for an hour sat because they lost all the money in their safe .	2
would be nice c pirlo score from one of those amazing fk and balotelli get on the field day for milan that would be a good saturday	1
forgot it was thursday so i missed another episode of tvd . . . i give up on life	2
they actually went out just this january after the shooting at charlie hebdo which makes today harder prayforparis	2
that lexus commercial froze up my sat box again . what is going on ?	2
may allah curse these muslims drag queen in the same way . that allah punished the people of lut ameen	2
cupid and psyche isn u t an original greek myth . it was a story in the golden ass by apuleius and often cited as the st fairy tale .	0
uncover the eternal city ! return flights to rome travel on the st january for nights augustea star hotel . . .	0
the run time for final destination is hour and about mins . it is premiering at the chinese theatre tonight .	0
so welbeck has gone down the tunnel with a possible injury ? can we extend the international break till dec st ? thanks . . .	0
new hair again tomorrow hopefully look like this but unfortunately without the money posh cars david beckham . . .	1
knowing that we are going to see zac brown band tomorrow is the only thing keeping me going today . drained	1
baby girl u r the true wonder woman ! ! u should fight floyd mayweather next . be the st time he d run from a woman !	0
defining twilight vocabulary workbook for unlocking the sat act ged and . . .	0
fm preview west bromwich albion v aston villa apr footymad attempt to assist you with their form guide as . . .	0
nice one harry styles . sorry boys haven u t got a mob at the mo . think i u m at a firwework thing fri . if not i u m there .	0
is leader threatens to attack israel months after he threatened saudi arabia . israel must be hurt to come nd only	2
it will be some scene at the nyse and nasdaq sites tomorrow morning when trading resumes . the story how people get to both places .	0
if chris bosh drinks a beer he won u t burp till tomorrow u c long neck modafacka	2
boise state may make brandon boykin s day . via uga dawgs boise georgia bulldogs	0
i need a nice can because i want to play penny can on saturday . this is a real problem . cougar town just made me love this game . haha .	1
a panoramic shot taken saturday at the devil u s den yellow rock bluff . mike	0
football q touchdown curtis runs in for his rd td in the first min . of the game . th td on season for curtis .	0
going to elon university . it u s a private ubi at a damn ulu place . no worries u c i u m going off on nd august . haha .	0
kendrick lamar has braids and he s cool but i got laughed for having four str backs for th grade graduation ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? . .	0
want to go the cinema on my day off tomorrow but inside out or ant man ? will io be full of kids ? so torn right now .	0
you better safe that chicago style popcorn for big brother on sunday	0
nothin friday night b cuz i got a game saturday but saturday night i think i u m hanging out with nick u c pat u c drake u c and ben	0
if you think kendrick s black friday was better than j . cole s you can block me now	2
the donkey show opening tomorrow at the adrienne arsht center get your tickets today	0
you may want to plan on getting a cup of coffee at winans this saturday !	0
i just commented looks like newcastle will be without krul coloccini for monday night . . . in the everton fc app	0
were out this tuesday after a boozey day watch the mighty lcfc at bolton	0
i seriously have bewn in love with sam smith since like th grade	1
on thurs im gonna walk out of school and take the train the today show and meet justin sorry mom	1
well one amazon prime fiasco later my stuff for the game friday is guaranteed to be here thursday . . .i m counting on u amazon !	2
singsnap one night with you by jclabb in the style of elvis presley	0
happy new year to those who aren u t into anno domini . shana tovah all that good jazz ! looking forward to the chinese new year in feb .	1
this weekend we have circoloco but bricky is deffo the one on a sunday . camden is decent too ! !	1
quota na ah !kala ko photograph lang ni ed sheeran with quen . . .may thinking out loud pa pala ! otwolimhere	0
the sun is already shining for me . tom brady can play football and that evil kim davis is rotting in jail gooddays	1
ghost rider is bck on action jst w th octobr at pm . . .so guyz start ur engine and join with me in rally . . .	0
hillary whacker rehashes the same article he wrote weeks ago . not one new fact in sept piece .	2
blue jays score in th beat red sox troy tulowitzki singled in the go ahead run off alexi ogando to trigg . . .	0
so has seth rollins chances of retaining the title just increased or decreased ? the world may never know . . . until night of champions	0
k so i just finished watching the th season of teen wolf and i ve got a few questions wtf was that why tf is theo still alive	2
uefa can overall the spanish fa s decision to cancel de gea s move and he could still be a real madrid player tomorrow . help me god .	0
just got off the plane and hopped on marta heading to see xavier rudd at center stage . yeah c mon !	1
this is well said . hulk hogan is the greatest of all time . the overreaction by wwe is total insanity .	1
tulo and hawkins just flew to toronto on the ball kris bryant hit in the th .	0
mss fc have a tough drawn away to tristars and deloitte in the rd round of the london sunday fa cup tie to be . . .	0
transfers man united respond to real madrid saying it was up to them to open negotiations for david de gea on monday espn 	0
i wanna see bob marley back into mainstream charts injecting love into people s life s may help the world .	1
damn . . . . miley cyrus needs to watch it that bitch is gonna get sat on and crushed by nicki .	2
i still call arsenal s old ground highbury . like chuff am i going to call it anything other than the millennium	0
dst ends this weekend . we fall back nov at am . thanks for for the reminder .	1
remember the rolling stone rape hoax ? the false victim was introduced by an obama white house task force member	2
she would rather see beyonce with me anyway . . . i would make a great step mother .	1
check out our nd episode . we tell you what we thought of ant man and what netflix shows to binge watch .	0
it wasn t tuesday it was the week before when nat and chidgey were arguing i was like oh gad	2
paul mccartney that guy from the rihanna video plays toronto for the first time in five years .	0
some balance on watchman from hadley freeman in the guardian 	0
brilliant . el tri trolls trump and the us ahead of usamex on .	0
highlights of the seaholm at lahser football game will be on tomorrow morning at am on the cw detroit	0
what at par . . . you just miss me admit it ! gt but yeah danee may umaasenso p	0
in south korea ? unikent is excited to be at the world grad fair in seoul tomorrow . join us at . . . .	1
what i love most about this is that every hag will be on dcum tomorrow talking a t how trashy nicki or bey is . when clearly . . . vmas	1
question i want to be asking after saturday is brian kelly just an incredible coach or is everett golson is just an incredible winner ?	1
awesome foo fighters gig saturday at mk he still rocks sat on his throne but yes i would ve liked him to be 	1
wicket u c its getting worse for the afghans u c they have slipped to after karim sadiq was run out by jos buttler in the th over .	2
don t forget to go the cvs tomorrow and get the viagara . we both know you need all the encouragement you can get ! ! !dreams and visions boo 	0
monday the th of july the day dean ambrose fans were happy as hell over finally getting the lockdown trailer .	1
national bieber day in all the countries 	1
when they sing the chorus all together after zayn s nd solo in is where it all goes down hill	2
awesome sc rejects rahul gandhi citizenship row . . now swamy will suspect on modi . . may even say he is congi agent to pass gst 	1
i have a date tomorrow on the brooklyn bridge i can t wait !	1
interview amir khan floyd mayweather wants but i d make sure he s amir khan sat down with sport . . .	0
then kanye west s speech like bro times . when you st watch it you might he s nuts but after watching it back it made sense kanye 	0
nirvana s wild overrated but smells like teen spirit is way up there on the goat list . i d have sat thru a whole shitty show to hear it	2
since there is a wwe games group now on ps its a definite on ps . may not even get it on x anymore now tbh .	1
any ndublets want to go by london live at hype park on saturday ?	0
wondering about carly fiorina s stance on the nd amendment ? wonder no more . . .	1
sprint getting samsung galaxy tab . with lte support on november th	0
sometimes i just feel sorry for messi and cr that such immense talents may not add the world cup to their laurels . . . .fuck ! ! !	2
finally got around to see ant man and absolutely loved it . nice way to cap off an eventful saturday .	1
if you like old school madonna you may like this	1
gonna see it with my shorty today and my homie tomorrow . ice cube write the rhymes that i say easy e .	1
i am so behind . frank gifford passed away ? though the sorrow may last through the night . his joy comes in the morning .	0
game v bolton on the st looking forward to it not played a competitive match in ages !	1
motorola has announced their rd generation moto g smartphone and we have all the details on this new motorola . . .	0
i may have mentioned that i had just came back from jurassic world and was sleepy when tling . i can t recall my thoughts .	0
i m selling my ed sheeran tickets for gillette stadium september th both tickets would come to total lmk if you re interested !	0
bobby jindal wants to bring his harm to the entire nation as president he will never be .	2
tune into for live coverage of tonight u s nns race . starts th in the lap event . nascar	0
i just finished reading paper towns ! i can t wait to see the movie this wednesday !	1
goals for tomorrow photoshop owen good s polygon picture to make him have hulk hogan hair bandana laundry	0
oooh realized yesterday i never did tweet a couple of things ! my flight into milan i watched movies rd night at the museum avengers 	0
march st is national bieber day ! haterz u mad ? stay mad . haterz gon hate . we love the biebs 	1
fact the core of carly fiorina s support comes from people who knew nothing about her before pm on thursday . checkherrecord	0
did you know that gucci was trending topic on friday for hours in jackson ? trndnl	1
she looks unstable but that may happen when tom cruise gets inside you we don t know !	0
watched ant man for the nd time today and thought of more reasons to see it again to catch the easter eggs and catalog its britishisms .	1
arriving tuesday is decidedly the least prime my amazon prime shipping has ever been . wha happen ?	2
significant part of the migration crisis is caused by turkey punishing europe for the cold shoulder given to erdogan	2
happy birthday to my big brother can t wait to spend some time with you tomorrow !	1
pair the galaxy note g with our mobile plan today ! enjoy more perks now till aug .	1
 press photo ted neeley in rolling stone the th anniversary	0
jennifer lawrence needs to host saturday night life . just think of how amazing it would be asdfghjkl	1
i didn t call tom brady the goat until he won his th superbowl ring so idk what this tweet means	0
rip frank gifford in my opinion the best play by play man ever on monday night football .	1
not the same digest in relation to the google android wafer other self january complement other self ivsh	1
if your thoughts are turning towards christmas you live in bucks u c i u m giving a talk on dickens christmas at amersham library u c dec .	0
rangers of josh hamilton has been placed on day dl with injured left knee team is . gb of nd al wild card	0
i recommend going to see behind the mask at laguna hills mall on the th 	1
there is filming going on tomorrow . can you confirm you can be in oldham by ?	0
ba facing fitness fight demba ba is rated as u u to make newcastle united u s trip to liverpool on sunday u c with . . .	0
we love free ! celebrate with fox theatre for their th anniversary ! . . .	1
gerald green lmao my bestie said the having a gay party at a hotel saturday . . .i laughed so hard !	1
i want frank ocean s head on my doorstep by the time the sun is up . . . . . .make it happen	0
awesome photo of the snow starting in west liberty ! may we broadcast with credit to you ?	1
how cool . movies under the stars at adelaide oval . . . if i was in sa tomorrow night i would be all over this 	1
it u s almost am in bkk but i can u t sleep after the game . it isn u t the st time we lost cuz of ref .	2
think ima go to the abc store tomorrow	0
you know what i m going to see ted tonight and mad max tomorrow at the movies right next to me	1
i believe we may have a major security scandal with prominent people involved in the unclassified hillary server . is there a cover up ?	0
well have to have a defensive stand at the beginning of the rd . but lord knows ike taylor will get beat deep	2
ritchie becomes father for the rd time while madonna was busy promoting her upcoming movie w .e . in venic . . .	0
 justsharing a video bout hebrew letters u c its interesting u c may it bless ye by joseph prince	1
day of suntran riding . fail . i don u t know where x picks up in downtown tucson u c but it sure ain u t th congress ! calling a ride .	2
come walk with us tomorrow ! see you at lent u s park at am for registration . looking forward to a big crowd and a sunny day !	1
getting the kidz ready for aaliyah u s nd birthday party	0
excatly jews had a nd class status the same as christians . were dhimmi in muslim countries .	0
is there really any point in dustin johnson playing the th round of a major ?	0
tomorrow morning am at eko hotel it will be another awesome time in god s holy presence . we look forward to seeing you all . good night	1
zac brown band goodbye in her eyes fuck you maggoot kbg rd mate russia putin fuck you	2
it s going down friday th leeds calle ocho summer party the norths best salsa party . not to be missed	1
i also wish tomorrow was the day i got to cali and walked around venice beach .	1
ur company will give me my pounds plus the cost of the laptop on monday for what u did to my laptop !	2
unfortunatly irl i don t know anyone who watches hannibal with me so i m really looking forward to saturday 	0
in all honesty u c biden saw bridesmaids for the st time today and can u t stop thinking about maya rudolph shitting in the street . vpdebate	0
spending a rainy saturday afternoon in the shops kitchen making a new crumbly vanilla fudge rain like in tennis can effect play .	0
i feel like someone should meet me at san tan tomorrow night after i get off work at and see ted with me .	1
i thought i d go to rehearsals and squeeze in abc sunday live with rebecca chan and kristian chong .	1
erdogan has waged war on the kurds to stir up the nationalist vote for his next snap election in november . yoursilenceiskillingkurds	2
randy orton vs . sheamus has been added to the wwebattleground match card . i m pumped about going to it on sunday .	1
milan s overthetop lipsynch was funny the st time but nd just seems like she s trying too hard ruvealed rupaulsdragrace	0
congrats to the teams who competed at nccdc u c including st place u . of washington u c nd place us air force academy and rd place texas a m !	1
we goin to fairground tomorrow i u m picking you up from work	0
the day we start legislating from the pulpit is the day religious freedom dies . we may as well be iran at that point	2
hahaaa . well if u wanna take me to brazil i ain u t gonn say no . how about viva brazil tho next friday night ? bit cheaper xxx	0
it would be poetic if nintendo became a sony nd party developer . it would also make choosing consoles every generation very easy	1
 day . crowdviz releases on labor day september th ! an ios app that unites blind people with sighted assistants .	1
louis is going to be seen with briana tomorrow	0
is coming up this weekend ! ! we u re super excited ! playing the blue stage on sat night right before a ap rocky !	1
the apple watch may just change the way we travel . how do you think smart watches will aid our trips ?	1
zac brown band is playing citi field . is that a big deal ? may be able to tell me if it is .	0
i miss sunday brunch with and david beckham in kensington and i also miss max ! livedinkensington hackerystreet	0
i have class at am tomorrow and there s of us going to the red sox game tonight . . . . . . .	0
leo u cvirgo ? ! club pulse is the move this thursday ! leos virgos are free before ! also co hosted by evalesco ! evalesco will be there ! ! ! !	1
but now you pay george osborne more tax . . . .yip yip xx	2
i know you re not meant to have favourite students but one of my favourite th graders just gave me another rose for women s day . 	1
then again away to see the foo fighters tomorrow so it s no all bad .	1
canvassing for obama with eva longoria tomorrow at willow bend rd the meadows development in weston everyone is welcome	1
tonight we see jurassic world for the th time . record maybe ?	1
i m going to jason aldean on the th of sept orrrr rascal flats on october nd !	0
the celtics celebrated their new year on nov . it marked the end of summer darker half of the year beginning of cold winter hybridfacts	1
go cats ! the th annual espy awards superfan badge holders consistently post smart timely comments about wash . . .	1
noel gallagher musicians are fucking idiots . yeah u c brian may he u s an idiot . . . an idiot who just so happens to be a professor ?	2
she sat there this morning when levi picked up her shirt and then lifted her paw to show she wanted to wear it today lol .	1
polish see dyngus day as their answer to st . patrick s day parade d ella heschmeyer center dances with the kr . . .	0
dustin johnson cashing it in on the st hole . that didn t take long .	0
for once i want rousey to destroy . ufc tategotscrewed	0
is anyone going to zac brown band at spac on sunday ?	0
white sox are lowest scoring team in the american league	2
just found all of st voyager on netflix . i know what i m doing for the rest of the night . woo ! !	1
my grandma despises me going to see an ac dc concert tomorrow	2
congress vice president rahul gandhi on sunday said it is time for prime minister narendra modi to tone down his . . .	0
the only way to make jurassic world safe is to stop genetically modifying dino dna . i may have drifted off . brownspeech	0
the way the encounter with tsipras is described suggests someone who likes to tell a good tale no matter the cost	0
 bradyapology tom brady can take his fake apology tears and lies and shuv them where the sun doesn t shine . he s a liar	2
a draw in the north london derby would be nice today . as the gap the yids have on us is not impossible to close down we would remain th .	1
just realizing bankroll fresh had the rd verse on gucci song shooter .	0
tax inspectors on halloween duty in and outside rome agi rome nov . in conjunction with last night s . . .	0
if we have a chance to make vocal track with the international singer that person will be frank ocean . happy friday everyone ! dreambig	1
just gonna say it the lyrics in bad blood sound like they were written by a th grader . done doesn t have two syllables taylor .	2
nothing is going to change between now and wednesday . if acta has went this long w o being canned u c might as well finish the season w him .	0
don t know if you saw but simmons and jalen s nba preview is out tomorrow . which means simmons is back !	1
kim kardashian star wars brought me amp kanye west together ! as you may have have heard star wars the forc . . .	0
 ronpaul campaign manager doug wead contrary to media lies u c doing just great with delegates even after super tuesday	1
tomorrow m .united vs chelsea do you believe mufc will win again ? yes like . no comment tok 	0
i still remember like years ago . zayn told harry that he was leaving the band on february th but he was joking and he said harry cried 	0
throw in children and that may mean close to of the population added in muslims year . . great times !	0
ice cube is suppose to play straight outta compton on friday and i d be sooo down to watch him perform i ain t the riotfest	1
j .b . shuck in to pinch hit for saladino in the th . white sox have runners on nd and rd out . they re down .	0
cody riggs preparing for th career game vs . fsu . he said he isn t scared brian kelly says in a long winded anecdote . notredame .	1
ed skrein game of thrones st daario explains why he left the hbo show find out what he said !	1
you d assume the mets would love to have david wright back by next weekend in colorado worst case scenario monday in philadelphia .	2
xmas come early ! i m getting to watch watch twilight for the st time . her face is hilarious	1
in greenville ? dang boy ! if you still in greenville tomorrow u c you better stop by and see me !	0
when you are at home it is more likely that you have an apple watch on your wrists than a iphone in your pocket .	0
info distance of the sun frm earth u c u c km the moon frm earth is u c km . follow follow	0
monday buddhist the truth is in all the ten directions straight is the way to nirvana . buddha	0
yo man wants you to wear a dawgs jersey ! boise state jerseys are going out of fashion on september th . ugadawgswag	0
in manhattan ? please bring food batteries to the homeless residents of rfk apt east th st sandyvolunteer	0
slow economic gains in rd quarter abj october some reason for optimism surfaced during the third quarte . . .	2
it s friday . get hammered with thor and the avengers age of ultron tonight for just p !	0
this kid put kendrick amp j . cole in his in his top amp doesn t know about section or friday night lights . . . . . . . smh at this new generation	0
congratulations for being first runner up in the miss usa pageant sunday !	1
listening to the full interview now . hoping there s some context to the kane remarks .	0
this paul dunne story is unbelievable but i hope this legend does it tomorrow ! helookslikemaryrobinson	1
did you not see my reply ? barca s front tomorrow . don t even me .	0
curtis trying to figure out that oliver may or maynot be thegreenarrow nah . it s not you ! hahahaha arrow	0
when the nsync account tweets tomorrow night they re together again i want the they re to be nsync . not justin and jimmy .	2
dont underestimate the power of the pple don t be sure tsipras will win many who voted syriza the st won t now	2
this is what floyd mayweather aka money may made when he beat manny paquio . ! ! ! lol . . . . million . .	1
may consider watching it tomorow then . daniel radcliffe good in it like ?	1
sam smith is such a bad choice for the bond song for spectre like c mon	2
police say there will be a highly visible presence in rotherham to make sure tomorrow night s derby with leeds united passes without trouble	0
sad to hear the passing of frank gifford . always enjoyed him on monday night football .	1
charlie rose with desmond tutu bill joy october the archbishop of cape town south africa and nobel . . .	0
after hearing the day news and another ! overtime the rest of the year ! plus mexico in january ! ! i m ready guys ! ! !	1
according to rolling stone kurt cobain is the th greatest guitarist of all time . . . somebody actually thinks this and it hurts me .	2
how many times does naruto say believe it in one episode ? the world may never know .	0
ed sheeran i see fire music video me too israel may god be with all of you .	0
fact this was th grade at pm . . .i was as dramatic as kim kardashian when she had psoriasis . .	0
nicki was trying to or the producers told her to discredit mariah there and mariah sat her bc she s still more successful	0
we made the last line of the st . louis post review of amy schumer s show . tues . amp wed . we are jazzstandardnyc solid !	0
so it s day of the dog today tomorrow s national ice cream day ? who made mistake of not declaring both on same day plus free cones for dogs ?	1
this may be our last chance to see zlatan in the world cup and fifa totally fucked it up . shocker .	2
tomorrow is the taylor swift concert where i live and i had tickets that i had to sell so tomorrow i will be crying all day	2
from the new david bowie album available january davidbowie music	0
rahul gandhi wants to emulate kejriwal . says he prefers jail to bail .but rahul may not come out and get convicted while in jail !	0
congress vice president rahul gandhi had a tough time on wednesday during his interaction with girl students of . . .	0
argus dental plan becomes st dental plan in the us to receive accreditation ! read our press release 	1
we had a blast at the jason aldean show on saturday ! check out all the pics .	1
q presents dethklok with machine head u c all that remains u c and black dahlia murder ! tuesday u c november th at . . .	0
seeing the nekromantix on thursday . . i shall wear mufe moulin rouge lipstick amp my pug jack o lantern necklace all thanks to	1
what will the destiny . patch be at when i get home ? ? ? ? who knows . my xbox may just be on fire the way things were going .	2
still going on vaca . . . still going on vaca . . . third column th story link related stories obama considers bec . . .	0
what s it like to have a girlfriend ? i got a valentine s day heart with a piece of candy in th grade . basically the same thing .	0
do you know where this is ? it looks like it may be at a shoppe in venice beach ca .	0
a respected american muslim scholar of law weighs in obergefell marriage equality and islam in the west	0
first day filming on dancing on ice tomorrow u c should be interesting .	1
interesting different ending to summerslam i guess it ll be undertaker v brock lesnar at wrestlemania next april	0
garrett u c you are awesome and it was so cool talking to you tonight ! david bowie forever m see you tomorrow u c hombre .	1
for those who may not know rock im park streaming metallicas set live right now . . ! one just finished ! randy !	1
my plan for tomorrow s surprise day off is to finally see ant man .	1
i just want to spend my last free saturday with you . and go fishing with my big brother	1
reading the hobbit listening to sam smith mom is cooking her mean pork nilaga . steady sunday it is . good morning 	1
amazon says it s offering more deals today than black friday . tips for taking advantage of amazon prime day 	1
have you read go set a watchman yet ? it s well worth a read ! come chat about it with us on the th at pm in our st book club ! aberdeen	1
dom at center stage on the th who trying to go	0
sufjan steven u s song casimir pulaski day may be one of the greatest songs ever made .	1
wins the fourth set to take the match ! next match is sunday against georgetown at p .m . at gampel .	0
angela merkel plans to run for a th term in if she wins she d be chancellor for years	0
who do you have winning this sunday ? the undertaker or brock lesnar	1
its a saturday what better way to spend the evening than to see an advanced showing of paper towns weeks . . .	1
d .j . king suffered broken right hand in fight with krys barch oct stlblues vs dallas stars missed months	2
getting up at am tomorrow to get to the embassy to wait outside in the freezing cold for hours kinda hate south africa right now .	2
please make the fans from rome as happy as you made us fans from milan the th of may soscometorome	1
premier league team of the week walcott makes seventh appearance this season while sagna also features	0
i keep remembering idea in january that charlie hebdo attack a fraction of the scale of this might be a game changer . 	0
rt its friday people ! ! ! get that kermit the frog cycling feelin and i u ve started holidays ! ! 	1
sam smith will be here saturday and i m not going . . . .something is not right .	2
congrats to jan bradley one of our jason aldean ticket winners enjoy the show and thanks for being a sky fan !	1
ship by region provision may augment amazon prime s two day shipping deal 	0
if you are looking for a laid back guy u c consider wisconsin . share him please u c your share may be the one to save . . .	0
 amp that guy is super strong literally he won st place in every strongman so only guy i can think of brock lesnar !	0
i just want to see taylor swift tomorrow okay .	1
sophia grace and rosie a few of the cookies creme may be really like at the moment !	1
anyone in san diego want a ga ticket to sam smith tomorrow ?	0
who wants to go with me to see nekromantix this friday ?	1
 .average age of our team is . years less than yours . starting xi contained st team . we can still win the treble	1
trip begs bree to tell him what happened the night of alejandro s murder as in the series finale of desperatehousewives abc sunday at pm	0
 maltese dognapping assault at dunkin gonuts man leaves key in car it gets stolen seriously police crime	2
just got bel ami from the redbox . . . .so that is what i will watching tonight u c or tomorrow .	0
didn t wake up with frank ocean s voice imma try again tomorrow	2
 wwe creative seems so out of control lately u c the next ppv may as well have mick foley v . dude love in a mr . socko match for buys .	0
cupid did so much work da st time that he don u t wanna be my friend no more	2
is it true pumpkin is back tomorrow at dunkin ? !	0
hahahahaha ! ! ! i don t think he has to worry about turning into batman as much as he may have to worry about . . .	0
how about imagine furiosa screaming john cena and going in on those recorders like no tomorrow	0
kinder morgan to divest assets to close el paso deal kinder morgan energy partners lp nyse kmp said monday it h . . .	0
be sure to pick up a ticket for our show at the rex theatre u c august th u c here ! 	0
wonder if the spurs shop got looted last night ? doubtit	0
anyone fancy giving me a ride from guildford to mitcham tomorrow at about pm ? !	0
lit my mum kerry the louboutins i wonder how many willam owns ! ! ! look kerry warner wednesday ! 	1
 i saw my father march with martin luther king my father and i marched with mlk jr . through the streets of detroit 	0
tom izzo says on from italy that valentine was out of legs in th qtr yesterday didn t want him hurt so decided to sit him .	0
mildly hysterical about seeing the foo fighters on saturday the pretender via	1
who you going for this sunday at summerslam ? undertaker or brock lesnar ?	0
ben howland lands tony parker . ucla now has the no . and th best players in the country . ucla reloaded big time .	0
chandy rules out ban on toddy chief minister oommen chandy said here on wednesday that the government was not i . . .	2
this thursday the steelers defense will beat the air out of tom brady ! 	0
best buy canada to begin selling the apple watch on august th a subsidiary of advanced semiconductor engine . . .	0
sacha baron cohen in the lesbian ? sbc make film on man offering m any man who could wed his gay daughter jspace	0
yoga for the mind and soul . join us for twilight yoga at pm monday evening yourday	1
running past kurt cobain s house when nirvana comes on the ol ipod . good vibes for monday . nirvana mondayrunday	1
the name that celeb contest just refused caitlyn jenner as correct answer demanding bruce instead . c mon y all .	2
brits don t want these economic migrants . for every single one convicted of a crime david cameron and theresa may must serve the sentence .	0
the daily zap catch highlights from monday u s action in the nba .	0
do you have a favorite paul mccartney hit ? music detroit	0
got a lot of work done tonight u c kinda proud . tomorrow is gonna be a good day u c happy friday .	1
if nothing else straight outta compton was worth it just for ice cube laughing at his own script for friday . seriously tho . amazing film .	1
lmbo ! o yea ? ayye you know they taking us to harold washington tomorrow for that college stuff	0
be fair in had sympathy for the charlie hebdo attack . getting better . .kum bay ya my lord kum bay ya	2
you may not be allowed to speak to justin bieber unless you are spoken to that s so fucked up what a waste of 	2
yes . may she not make trouble in t ara and danee too . she still young like me . 	1
how you feeling about the colts game sunday ?	0
buddy you need help so when is your uncle frank ocean releasing cause hahani adele is going to take over	0
 nd zen dixie ! if you don u t read share u c god will kill a baby kitten . i will haunt you w redundancies bad puns .	2
guardian corrects errors in george osborne s article on nat l living wage . gains are much smaller than he claimed 	0
what gonna happen tomorrow with zayn ?	0
i think that having undertaker on monday night raw and in a feud with brock lesnar is best for business ! rawkansascity wwe	1
i fail to see why the rams are playing twice on mnf this fall isn t once enough ?and their st div game isnt til wk !un frickin real .	2
morning twitterites ! goal by pm friday u c want to see msm report on benghazi u c and obama below in polls . hammer it home u c patriots !	1
after we get our winnings from hiko and koosta im going all in on digi for tomorrow ty hell raiser fangayz	1
again i m selling two tickets to see ed sheeran on september rd in houston dm me if you wanna buy them someone pls buy them 	0
who s going to tampa on the th to see ed sheeran ? music edsheeran	0
watching justin bieber s believe right now with and we re going to disneyland tomorrow . life is good pt . 	1
he s still wrong about sting 	0
what about the victims of ira terrorism david do you ever think of them ? kingsmill le mon or even kevin mcguigan	2
nope . tomorrow . wait . . . tomorrow s also when sony breaks out the next bundle of ps freebies . oh what a lovely day !	1
i won the nd star in my mclaren c in csrracing raceyourfriends . download free !	1
mets have had a rough stretch . they needed a win like that . kinda sorta their equivalent of the kris bryant monday walkoff .	0
presidency boko haram reportedly begin negotiation talks there may be hope around the c . . . . . via	0
never underestimate the stupidity of tory backbenchers . nor think that corbyn leader couldn t win in ge 	2
for a freebie on sunday the limelight night rich mix from pm showing free horror films get on the guest list here 	0
chris brown for the th touchdown of the night ! ! goirish	1
 badlands pls tell me you ain t doing some frank ocean shit and waiting till february or something	2
the galaxy s iii will be available in select stores this weekend and in all metropcs stores online on monday the nd . thx u cjg	0
it may be wednesday but with the labor day holiday on monday it feels like tuesday at least that is our story . . .	0
thanks to fetty wap for stepping in at the last minute on saturday night event . chris brown s apology seems disingenuous i m sure he knew .	1
on wall street bulls are upbeat at the conclusion of a volatile week . housing starts . . marketsong friday on my mind by easybeats	1
andrew miller blows his st save of the yr as josh hamilton hits a walk off single to help the rangers beat the yankees 	0
merkel s germany could not crush europe with bombs muslims may be a better consideration david cameron	2
just until the th or some shit . i don t want to see madonna spoilers .	2
tomorrow they will discuss yakubhanged after their friday prayer . bad part is s of youth will get inspired to be the next yakub .	2
all you need is ryan leaf and you got a show . rt aaron rodgers kurt warner and kyle kendrick are all in the jungle tomorrow .	1
everybody better hide tomorrow . if brock lesnar is there he will fuck shit up again . no one is safe lol	2
if you aren t already subscribe to nash s youtube channel ! he s posting a new video with skylynn tomorrow !	0
i remember when zayn left i took down all my posters and sat in my d blanket with d headphones in and stared at my blank wall crying	2
here comes the sun a jornada musical e espiritual de george harrison	0
im only going to interlaken on the th . yeah sia i am always hungry here omg	0
john kasich is tan rested and ready . he s ready to get rd of the black vote and not be a nutjob . . sarc 	0
tell which friend of yours is afriendlikeoyo amp you can win moto g rd gen plus much more .	0
it s friday again . tgif . . . make gud use of it don t waste it like d last friday . . time wasted can not be regained .	1
european exchanges open with a slight rise agi rome october european exchanges opened with a slight ris . . .	1
new orleans saints defensive end martez wilson s helmet sunday night during the broncos victory .	1
josh hamilton comes up as a pinch hitter for texas in the th and gets booed and then booed and then booed some more .	2
we were going to go to the great yorkshire show on thurs . for hub s bday . it got cancelled . he is v sad .	2
 snl well it s a good thing i stumbled upon maya rudolph amy schumer paul mccartney amp bruce s rd after roh man . cheeseburger kget	1
thanks ! i still have m with me . she goes back to mother s day out on the th .	1
i saw you in milan may th and it was absolutely incredible	1
today is star wars day because november th is when guy fawkes blew up the death star	1
i wish milan make an attempt to sign candreva in january	0
sat down heard muffled music wondered who in my family was listening to nirvana realized it was my ipod in my pocket .	0
today in the weird world of musical history . . .hank williams was fired from the grand ole opry and told not to return until he was sober .	2
obama is gonna be at the illegal miss usa pageant tomorrow .	0
rt maybe i m just to damn emotion good night irene	2
dec john lennon paul mccartney and george harrison meet at nems hq to discuss the group s third film project a tallent for lovng	0
that s joke because you didn t know who he was before me and erik told you you sat in your room wanking over nirvana .	0
harakah iran army monitoring all ships in gulf tehran u c oct a senior commander of the islamic revolution gu . . .	0
if i may ask my brother do you ever watch football if yes which team do you support apart from the super eagles ?	0
the super pac backing gov . bobby jindal who was relegated to the second tier debate panel on thursday in cleveland will broadcast an ad	0
gucci bc we re don t know who else tbh going sunday	0
grichuk just hit his th home run of the year tying him w kris bryant and in more than less at bats than bryant cards	0
goaldotcom premier league team of the week van persie aguero both star after city arsenal wins	1
brock lesnar and the undertaker are both confirmed to be at raw next monday i am screaming	1
but are you ready for sunday sunday sunday john cena faces his enemy in a one on one cage match till the death	1
the problem with america is not the politicians . it s the christians that won t come to sunday night church and saturday soul winning .	2
can you believe it s the th and i still have unopened bags of halloween candy ? ? ?	1
i know flatbush zombies wont be at the concert on friday but i still hope the asap mob performs bathsalts at least u c or rockys part atleast	0
the ban on the islamic movement in israel the morning of december brought a new reality to the palest . . .	0
i encountered a problem with my real madrid jersey and was wondering if you may help .	0
barstool blackout ticket november th u c in greensboro . hit me up if you want tht	0
wheelchair shopping tomorrow . i want one that will blare natural born killaz by ice cube when i enter a room firstworldhandicappedproblems	0
in this morning s google hangout on google john mueller said at the mark that google may not give https . . .	0
mon show ! live from the clock at the clocktower til ! stop by for chance to win foo fighters tix amp new music from disturbed amp pop evil !	0
i want to outline batman tonight so i can stick it in the mail tomorrow but my hand is shaking too much . i spent hours painting today .	0
recording the th episode of with kyle and tj tonight ! vips will have it tomorrow .	0
carly fiorina may have shined in jr debate but ask all those hp emploees she laid off to appease stock price for shareholders of hp .	2
i can t wait to get watchman tomorrow . . .more because i want to see her maturation as a writer . forensic reading .	1
october . . see you sm bacolod ! see you there sweet heart ! 	1
dana white says it s stupid to question ronda rousey s gameplan for holly holm saturday night offered up on . . .	0
you guys i see you soon tomorrow omg omg yay i love you guys so much come to our malls later on today ok i want to see niall	1
when you re really excited that the boss is buying you dunkin after a long friday . . . .	1
a new work threshold will be read by the african american repertory theatre of virginia this friday at the . . .	0
last hrs covered delhi u c passing thru punjab u c haryana . tomorrow morning jammu . just loving it !	1
saturday night live with bee gees or take that ?	1
so tomorrow gonna stay for the game with israel yay d	1
a phone isn t just about specs its about the experience . this is where the moto g rd gen excels ! android	1
well my posse and i arrived safe and sound on monday close to noon in milan . the flight was great . here s the . . .	1
if barcelona beat eibar tomorrow and messi plays it will be messi s th win in a barca shirt fcb	0
randy orton may want to change around his wwe schedule 	0
we survived the year aliens from independence day and the day after tomorrow i better not be taken out by some common cold	1
playstation vita will receive great additions and games as you may have seen with our previous blog post on the . . .	1
tokyo seoul london new york kimama ni sekai wo drive tonight kakuchi de hirou suru new style 	0
screenshots of jasmine today nov nd via briana s snapchat video she just posted jvupdates	0
roger goodell do your job . tom brady is suspended st games . patriots forfeit any of those games he plays . thatisall bermanhasnopower	2
equalizer a place in the stars october st .	0
since may i went to kmf bts trb kcon sam smith and nicki like it was a blessed summer	1
watching ghost rider spirit of vengeance . it u s much worse when you may have thought . fb	2
countless muslims fans loved you but you can hate me because i am a muslim ! may the cristian god have mercy on you .	0
diet starts monday when i wake up . ends the same day . always happens	0
only just realizing it s fucking tuesday . labor day you have messed up my streaming schedule ! gt o	2
if there s a car on cinder blocks in your yard you may be a redneck . if there s a dog on top of it you may have romnesia . jeff foxworthy	0
anybody interested in bears picnic festival ? grateful dead tribute festival in pa id only be going sat sun aug and th	0
are you and the girls still coming down on sat ? beth can order the paper towns tickets on thurs if so .	0
murray s serve broken in st service game nd set . i m not watching any more . he does my head in at times doing everything the hard way !	2
imma need brook lopez to get more aggressive on the boards . feet tall u c c u mon son	0
harper lee s second novel go set a watchman may be block buster but the big read is charles dickens all the year round .	1
but u know this is wrong it s sunday these christians will start littering one s tl with their jibbi jabba	0
loved the hair style from friday u s jason wu new york fashion week show ? we u re giving you the step by step to . . .	1
may it goin down me u c and throwing a graduation party ! at mardis gras winchester rd suite pm until !	1
when douglas adams wrote restaurant at the end of the universe u c he may have had japan in mind . hhgttg	0
justin just so you know i may have been freaken the past few days it s just that time of year for me i m ok ! justin bieber	1
new wish list on amazon . hoping to get on tomorrow during the day 	1
shakedown is at toads this saturday playing the best of the grateful dead . tickets are still available . . . .	1
huge difference in tomorrow s survation and yougov polls in the papers . it s almost like they mean absolutely fuck all .	2
awww saturday ? how was it ? ? you dont even came to my side much in bkk con u c i was so upset abt that	2
jimmy kimmel live axl rose u c part part of jimmy kimmel u s interview with axl rose .added thu oct . . .	0
and madonna didn t beg for shit . her album may not have hit but she s selling out a tour	1
the spectre theme song will be released tomorrow and we finally know who s singing it sam smith !	0
batman amp robin trump amp cruz please save america from the communists ! may god be with you ! or it won t happen 	1
ben carson just now on fox christians deserve more st amendment protection than other faiths because us was founded on judeo xtian values .	0
why does big brother still exist ? well it s on channel which some may consider a fate worse than cancellation .	2
fyf saturday tickets are still very expensive but i kind of want one solely so i can see frank ocean .	2
forex crunch parliamentary victory for tsipras if you re new here you may want to subscribe to . . . california	1
eric adelson with the slam flacco looked more like blaine gabbert than eli manning on sunday . ravens	0
rt kung fu panda in d d both with indonesian subtitles tentatively scheduled to open on tues august isk . infobiz 	0
i u m far too stressed about finishing this essay for tomorrow u c so i shall minimise it and play temple run . problemsolved	0
 st preview of the new hu w wayne knight ! premieres tonight am pt on reelz !	0
omegapharma quickstep won gold u c with a little help from compex ! watch out for tony martin tomorrow tom boonen sunday . fingers crossed !	1
so aston villa have a must win game against norwich city tomorrow lunchtime . must win how the mighty have fallen .	2
seattle marathon coming through the arboretum amp interlaken tomorrow 	0
rihanna endorses kanye west for president on sunday night kanye west concluded a captivating speech at the v . . .	0
my italian trip restored my faith in the love and passion of fb .pl like a library . next trips sorted next up milan derby jan	1
sunday national ice cream day tuesday national junk food day thursday national hot dog day if the hashtags don t kill us the food will	1
im just excited to cry to some frank ocean on the way to school tomorrow w	1
okay the first sharknado was funny but do we really need a th movie ? i think i lost a few brain cells after watching the rd	2
so sorry for the loss of your beloved husband and father of your kids . may you see him again in heaven . rip frank gifford .	2
just found out that david cameron is related to the queen . apparently he is her th cousin twice removed . did anyone else know this ?	0
end of nd predators . . . preds will be short handed to start the rd .	0
let s talk about the situation that s arisen between sheamus and randy orton . . . . . . we still don t care years after the st time .	0
the netherlands came out nd in the x relay at the london grand prix . wedoinggood	1
day in the big brother house and it s ingleton waterfalls trail today promises some amazing scenery !	1
best buy beats q views expands apple watch sales best buy stock jumped tuesday after the consumer electronics . . .	1
good luck to for his interview with justin tomorrow ! you will nail it ! i ll be watching out from india x 	1
kris bryant said last wednesday was the hottest game he s ever played in . how bad is it there today ?	2
don t let sensitive teeth keep you from enjoying national ice cream day sunday july ! learn more here . .	1
tennis us open nishikori loses in the st round dimitrov in the nd nadal in the rd murray in the th .who will exit in qf ?let us wait amp see	0
tom stone has this soccer team rolling . huge game tomorrow against baylor in the big semifinals . wreckemtech	1
just watched a teens react video on youtube where a guy named shant said he liked old music like nirvana . happy monday .	1
maybe behind the times but has espn taken ron jaworski off monday night crew ? not complaining . easyontheears nicesurprise	1
for whoever wants to take me to the sam smith concert on september th . . . i m completely available	1
tomorrow we will hear rahul gandhi say how congress has increased its seats tally time . if he has not already said it biharresults	0
what are the sun trying to say about zayn ? . . .	0
i saw paper towns on wednesday and i really loved it but i was a little disappointed in how margo was portrayed in the movie . . . .	1
how do you keep attracting all these radical black racist like may related to vester liberal gay racist	2
always wanted to finish with the sun on my back as a couple of my sporting herod did gazza c .waddle	0
toyota townace wed on the ex parte lever pertinent to toyota cehod	0
just means two of atleti real or barca will be in pot two along with nd and rd from the prem league . groups still tough for some uefa	1
one of my favorite match of summerslam of all time is when the rock take on brock lesnar for the st time ever in his career for the champ	1
lamb of god concert on wednesday u c formal on saturday u c and st anniversary with my baby martin on sunday 	0
sting wins title and vacates it the next night on raw goes in to hall of fame in april . . . .	0
idk how on earth i m going to get through april th without kendrick and oscar	0
find out more about our guest lesley thomson before she pops up at book swap tomorrow night 	0
who s going to smash project on march ? looking for more concert buddies .	1
harper lee s go set a watchman on sale tomorrow . hopefully there are still copies in the nearest bookstore !	1
checking texts in class just got a lot easier . follow these steps to take home our apple watch kick off tomorrow !	0
janet jackson misses grammy deadline on purpose with new album due october via	0
i remember chad calling boko haram school boys vowing to end them in two weeks . . now he knows what s up	2
so kendrick lamar st week projected sales iz k . that u s wassup for an artist different from the norm to do those kind of numbers .	0
but my bday is tomorrow and i have to spend it in natchitoches away from my family 	2
 is blows up major palmyra temple via islam may be peace it s not culture .	2
school tomorrow more like fuck you .	2
mon kemoner station now available on itunes for all shreya ghoshal bengali fans just go and get it	1
you can be sure that the bus driver will be made an example . it s always open season on christians .	0
k im done lookin at nicki minaj s titties for nite . .found someone to skype with ! smiles for those late night skype sessions .god bless women	1
niggas be on the lakers dick . . .we still gon finish damn near first seed . . .while yo team be struggling for the th spot	2
according to janet jackson s long time producer terry lewis the album is due in october . stay connected ! . . .	1
rt coco may be on the next season of dwts . if she makes it i ll watch the st episode . how about you ? . . 	1
dunkin s hard at work prepping the track for saturday night s supply nats finale !	0
my sincere condolences to lee soo man s wife . may she rest in peace .	1
the daily zap all the action from wednesday u s six pack can be found right here in the daily zap . nba	0
the media and the rich spend their time talking about jeb bush yet he has absolutely no public support . a rd bush presidency ? really ?	2
 ufc mcgregor or aldo ? i think connor is going ira on jose tonight . nd round knockout .	0
in the face of stupid atheists . . . . . . .and haters of islam . . . . . . . do read this regarding marriage . . . . .	2
my cousin snapchatted me ant man tomorrow . you good ? and these are the reasons we get along so well .	1
it s only right to the victim family responsible driving caitlyn jenner may face manslaughter charge in fatal crash	2
tottenham striker emmanuel adebayor missed training today u c and won u t play in the europa league on thursday u c because of a hamstring injury .	2
rich bitch u c come to the game on saturday u c iguana will be there c 	0
david beckham can you please marry me . . . like tomorrow	1
that photo was taken on january th of this year shortly after the attack on charlie hebdo . don t spread misinformation .	0
tsipras defends greek bailout deal in showdown with party rebels us gdp still to come more on my live blog	0
i liked a video anonymous remember u c remember the th of november	1
flying out on the th arrive at pm straight to circoloco then cocoon heroes ! nomessing	1
oscars st time at nursery tomorrow u c they can wear fancy dress being halloween u cdamn it had not planned for that . mommyonamission	0
remembering rock great jerry garcia co founder of the grateful dead who we lost on this day august th at . . .	1
just sinking in that i go to see the foo fighters on sunday . i m actually going to see dave grohl perform . insane .	1
i think so far the most deserved award of the night goes to melissa mccarthy	1
oh and being the weird person i am ok going down to starkville late friday night	0
happy nd birthday to prince george of cambridge as he celebrates his cherished day in style . royal fashion	1
my mom is trying to make me cry by saying the ed sheeran concert next thursday is going to rain out .	2
i hate it more . my xbox controller is in london so i can t play until sunday	2
billy said he u s pitching at the rising stars on saturday and playing centerfield . bugsbunnystyle	0
meanwhile the red sox are going to win their way to picking after the th pick then losing that pick when signing free agent	0
spirit friday !fill the halls with school colors and enjoy a dress down day ! no pj u c yoga pants or flip flops backless shoes . you are poland !	1
show in wisconsin in august lady rollins or wver that night are playing at on august th along with o . . .	0
gotta get to bed . off to cincinnati tomorrow for the cuse game saturday . nite twitter .	0
may or may not be in the same building as viola davis right now nbd	0
if anyone fancies a good giggle head to a gay bar on a bank holiday monday to listen to the hartleys sing karaoke . my jaw hurts .	1
almost all the senior people s of aap have supported yakub may i know on what ground you all have done it ?	0
yet another reason to come to the june noche argentina milonga at calle ocho we will have a fabulous . . .	1
 jessicajones brilliant show just watched st episode can t believe its still the same universe as thor guardians of the galaxy amp ironman	1
last day for ant man ! mission impossible rogue nation opens fri ! i am so impressed with this movie ! don t miss it !	1
eragon may be teen fiction but since twilight such a category just hasn t been the same . eragon deserves a higher place .	0
shawn probably rted obama hoping if he showed his american love he wouldn t have to do school work tomorrow	0
vinny from iconic boyz may have leave the group but he will still be in all iconiac s heart . love you vinny 	1
sunday oliseh made his first appearance as the super eagles coach in da res salaam on saturday against tanzania . . .	0
this time next saturday night we will be about to kick off megachurch with stan walker u c jc epidemic michael franzese ! sleeps !	0
we re so happy adambehindthemusic trended in the us worldwide tonight ! ! thanks so much for showcasing adam on this special !	1
is it true that selena s new album comes out on november th ! ! ! ! ! ! i can t wait	1
you ve listened good man your st tip is to eliminate all allys to seth rollins . . . j amp j kane triple h steph mcmahon .	1
colts backup qb curtis painter warming up . this could be it for kerry collins who may have a concussion . nfl colts	0
i u m going to the celtics with conor tomorrow night u c but you absolutely must come saturday . my friends demand your presence .	1
i m waiting for the rd volume when in his s he takes up karate and goes chuck norris on bill o reilly	0
carly fiorina slams trump for going into gop field at request of bill clinton as gop candidates debate .	0
 web youtube improves upload process with optional notifications and new tags editor google on thur . . . topstories	0
super duper excited . . .i want bilawal to take on modi as well tomorrow	1
rt elvis presley s th death anniversary is on aug . aug today is the independence day of pakistan .	0
when you re trying to make a justin bieber joke and calls you out on your love of th harmony	0
yo you should check out that joint by kendrick lamar and j cole call black friday	0
fact bigbang is the only rd generation of kpop grp that are still complete . cr .seungrisenpai 	1
wasn t there an international women s day on the th of march too ?	0
in retrospect the prefunk nap and midnight red bull may have been a poor decision . wired preparefshiporludicrousspeed	2
 . . .off to milan . . .c ya on the th of august in novi sad with silicon soul and fakir ! ! !	0
get ready for the peanut butter and jams sponsored party at santos party house this saturday ! good looks . . .	1
of josh hamilton was out of the rangers lineup for a third consecutive game tuesday with a sore left knee	0
it s from a rally after the charlie hebdo shooting in january . not technically fake but not from tonight .	0
sharing a bed way niall on a sunday morning being told of the pish i spoke last night	1
john cena you re my hero no matter what ! you will get that th title no matter what ! rollins is a joke !	1
realising the brighton game is on sky tomorrow has made my day bhafc misstheamex	1
i smirked i promise not to tease you about it tomorrow lol . same lots of bad blood though .	0
highlight of the night kofi annan will be speaking to us on sunday ! whoop ! oyw	1
david de gea to real madrid everything you need to know on monday night about man ut	0
black triangle sighting in perryton u c texas on october th black object that obscured the sky and stars . . .	0
caitlyn jenner and jazz jennings are on the agenda for tomorrow s osamp live pm via google join us !	0
rumours that chris harris may join chris evans on top gear . they ll have to make extra wide doors for such fantastically egotistical twats	2
paul mccartney to play the joe louis arena in detroit on october 	0
madonna performing in montreal on the th and th of september if you re looking for tickets give us a call at . . .	0
the rd didn t have a sound track by ac dc	0
greenbrier summers counties have just been placed under a winter storm watch for monday night through tuesday . . .	0
frank ocean better not joke about tomorrow	0
my biology professor had the audacity to tell me enjoy that taylor swift concert . . .you have a test essay tomorrow 	2
tom brady slip in approval ratings tom brady may have won his appeal to have the game suspension reversed . . .	0
national hot dog day amp has for all day ! ! th ave kenova beoriginal	1
well the cool thing with democrats in power doma is getting reviewed on the th .	1
should i continue your sentence ? st to be kicked out ? ! in the history of kpop	0
note this means that if de gea signs for rm in january he cannot be in real madrid s champions league squad .	0
it took justin years into his career to get his first and it took gaga months into her career to get her st .	0
foo fighters concert tomorrow . so in preparation i m in the gym working on those all important body parts .	1
apparently artpop is said to be released on march th which turns out to be international women s day ! get ready !	1
a trunk show by pipa bella eksms on nov st escobar with complimentary cocktail workshop designer jewelry .rsvp to us	0
watney fires to win cimb classic nick watney fired a under on sunday to rally and win the cimb classic . . .	1
i m so glad we ve gotten to a point where all the twilight movies are on tv on a given friday night . ashamed	1
nothing like working on my back porch in the sun listening to some nirvana . playitloud nirvana kurtcobain	1
any news re the new david bowie single out tomorrow ?	0
it s in the morning and all i want to do is watch the vampire diaries . sad .	2
wilt chamberlain dropped pt u s with no threes ! c u mon son	2
boo hoo . . . in barca at the moment ! the bar doesn t open sunday and monday s ! go home tuesday . tikisad	1
tfi friday is just chris evans having a mid life crisis live on tv	2
friday night lights will make you cry . teen wolf will overcome your life	0
fyi philly s top spots to celebrate national ice cream day july th is national ice cream day and the philad . . .	1
cubs game the th ? ? kris bryant bobble head night ! ? yes please ! cubbies	1
ben amos doing well hull city .another clean sheet v charlton .he says he u s enjoying the challenge of playing regular st team f u ball . mufc	1
when tom brady comes out to public service announcement on thursday night i am going to cream my pants	1
taylor allderdice is a sick mix tape too . convinced all wiz is good wiz u c hyped for the album dropping dec nd !	0
did you know that nicki was trending topic on tuesday for hours in las vegas ? trndnl	0
i just realized that tomorrow is friday which means tomorrow is the kingsburg vs . selma game excited	1
kane wanted to let you all know that friday is finally here !	0
saturday night dance party with . the bull jason aldean after party ! ! ! free cover til pm . wells amp . . .	1
 tragickingdom is the best album of all and my favorite song off this album is excusememr . sunday morning and sixteen are close seconds . . .	1
oh look dustin johnson has blew up again lol . after the nd round in places can now be backed at . theopen dustinjohnson choker	0
sharon stone gets persuasive at amfar gala saturday night s event at the permanente museum drew a mix of film . . .	0
tons of preseason football and an important jays game with david price on the mound . ideal friday	1
just said hello to dennis kucinich as he walked casually through campus with his hotwife . he s on nd st !	0
i think i may be the only person in the world who does not give a shit about beyonce .	2
as for niall and lottie dating st it s just a pic lol nd remember the boys said they will never let their sisters date the other members	0
max martin talks with lou ferrigno at the th annual phoenix comicon . see this video at 	0
 yeah . it kind of made me chuckle when she tried hitting on batman . i may have to plan some sl s with her .	1
 . . .and the sun became as black as sackcloth . and the moon became as blood . kurt cobain 	1
i had a dream yesturday that i went to a one direction concert and sat front row and niall waved to me and he hopped off stage and hugged me	1
breaking . . apparently jeremy kyle is set to star in the th star wars film by disney . he u s going to try and find luke u s real father .	0
washington reuters jeb bush said on thursday he would back fellow republican presidential hopeful donald t . . .	1
john stewart broke the th commandment by hitting john cena with a chair amp now i want to put his ass through a table	2
watched unofficially yours for the st time . . . pede na kaya lang bitin .	0
teen wolf starts again in january . how the fuck do you expect me to wait that long . teenwolf b	1
tell it rolling stone	0
where are we going out for devin s st ? ? northampton s finest . . . the gin mill ? haha	1
might have been . i guess we will see tomorrow . how about seth rollins tho ? amazing match . gets better and better !	1
idc anymore everyone leave me alone at school tomorrow i u m going pissed . . . .	2
 tv sony taunts apple with game on message on playstation s th anniversary sony has also taken noti . . . sony	0
we all gun have problems if you don t watch sharknado tomorrow though . . .	0
seeing ant man tomorrow flat it just isn t worth more to see it in d . we ll just have to use our imaginations .	0
ima just be in mr . simmons class rd pd tomorrow	0
i u m going to clutch at buster u s billiards backroom in lexington u c ky dec 	0
life is good u c imperial woodpecker sno balls are back ! macdougal b t rd and bleecker . bring on the king cake ! snogood !	1
magic mike xxl comes out on dvd in october so someone has to buy it as a birthday present for me lol	1
for tonight s episode of bell to bell w amp listen to raw sting rollins amp more .	0
for those who may not know jay z wrote the verses for still d .r .e but he s never disrespected dre or ever spoken about ghostwriting .	1
ricky martin may be gay but he u s sexy af u ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! d	1
manchester united will be the st team to defeat chelsea this season ! ! !	1
it may not be sunday but dustin johnson is still getting last round jitters . he s started with four bogeys ! deutschebankchampionship	0
watch post game plus breaks down thursday s walk off loss in arlington as josh hamilton beat the yankees late .	0
steph s huge night kobe s incredible th qtr vs the wizards . plus dana white joins the desk . listen 	1
has sharknado jumped the shark ? snarknado may have jumped the snark	0
trump is really a presidential candidate . . . .this is not the longest mtv awards skit nor saturday night live or living color . no really .	2
if you liked ant man you may enjoy law and the multiverse s discussion of the whole robbery burglary distinction .	1
elton seriously knows how to make my mornings man ! that s all i look forward to on tues amp thurs mornings ushistory yougoelton thanksjohn	1
listening to fleetwood mac and having my candles lit is the perfect sunday evening	1
rolling stone the zone and devil may cry are literally the best songs by the weeknd . go listen to them	1
are you ready ? samsung s galaxy note offiically available august st !	1
officially going to the kenny chesney jason aldean brantley gilbert and cole swindal concert on saturday ! ! excited beyond words ! !	1
nigeria s super eagles have arrived in tanzania ahead of the game against the taifa stars on saturday . super . . .	0
working in the bi nam exhibition again tomorrow and photographing the new exhibition at turner house in the eve u c excited !	1
i spent my thursday night going through pictures of prince george . love those cheeks !	1
on friday digital nirvana with croma was trending topic in delhi for hours trndnl	1
tony blair uk may have to threaten assad with direct military action to disable barrel bombing of civilians	0
charlie hebdo no twitterstorm mohammedcartoons monday centraleuropeantime hashtag paris just do it	0
next latest on the nd nurse to test positive for ebola aaron rodgers meets his look alike amp with your forecast .	0
if you have nothing to hide and love being social with microsoft and rd party then windows is for you .	0
goodnight i know it s super early and i m missing shawn s performance but i have a huge test tomorrow and i need sleep ok shawn loves you	1
 teamfollowback la liga barca and betis march on malaga held real betis moved up to fourth in the table after . . .	0
chris brown is going to be in atx on wednesday amp i m so so sad i can t see my baby 	2
real madrid captain sergio ramos speaks to the press about the botched transfer of david de gea f	0
zac brown band is going to be the best country concert i ve been too . hyped for sunday .	1
omg this time tomorrow i will be sunning it up in hvar ! croatia here we come ! ! !	1
make sure you tune in to skyliving tomorrow at pm if you live in the uk to catch new fashion show styled to rock 	0
cosatu will convene a workers rally at olympia park stadium in rustenburg on the october for the reinstatement of dismissed mineworkers	0
icymi here is the review of moto g rd gen a worthy upgrade !	1
wwe raw should be interesting next week . the road dogg returned to wwe at the royal rumble and shawn michaels is going to be on raw monday	1
our store is reopening in milan on sat . . go buy all the disney stuff and also bring back a trophy and pizza !	0
nice st pitch from but he should have been the one signing the ball for josh hamilton instead of the other way around 	0
so heartbreaking that the is actually gonna cancel the winter classic tomorrow u c must be brutal trying to divvy up . billion ! fuck ! !	2
time for the nd roman catholic president since jfk jeb bush	0
so tomorrow is national ice cream day in america but not exactly canada . see this is why you americans are so fucking fat .	0
that kris bryant th inning home run was the turning point in the season .	1
i gotta meet kendrick lamar and j cole february . . that plane ticket worth it and them is too	1
my dads selling tickets for the jason aldean tyler farr and cole swidell concert september th . a piece . dm me if interested !	0
mom made me ask for the day off tomorrow cause she had planned to take us to disneyland but now we re not going 	2
thor is the man this guy may have single handidly just turned this around with that first pitch	1
years ago when i saw the st episodes of naruto it was clear to me that the main character would get together with the girl he loves . pe	0
totally just got reminded i m going to see ac dc on the th ! ! ! wooo ! ! !	1
hoping rob elliot gets his chance too u cas much as i love harper u c he was clearly off pace on monday u ckrul would have seen us win nufc uel	1
are you ready to go back to school ? our next beer u is august at pm . feat sam smith beer ! for resos email jenny .price	0
when are you going to do another mail monday with fps russia ?	0
well the theme in uan is winter season i can t feel it they re so hot ! hotter than the sun !	1
it gave the impression the whole thing is a beery deconstruction of star wars for adult edgelords . i may read it anyway	2
 ff not just for the drinks but for jay z s problems ! problems that we may just ponder about at some point in our lives !	1
milan aug reuters after losing only three league games last season juventus have now lost the first two of the new campaign as a	0
i m so glad the vampire diaries won an award last night . loves them all 	1
congrats mid atlantic red sox u . ranked th in the nation by perfect game .	1
so watchman is an earlier draft of mockingbird ? ? people have been had in getting excited for this . c mon public you re better than this .	2
i m so sad it s still not tuesday yet because i want to watch on styled to rock !	2
jason aldean tomorrow night will be the best concert of the year hands down	1
samsung may offer gb variants of the galaxy note and s edge after all android tech news	1
i want it to be november th already u c because lamb of god .	0
yes ofcourse bo wise pawan and ramcharan will be in nd rd positions with chiru fans support	1
then i think to myself i can t go to biola ucla and usc and see them all be back by the time i have to work tomorrow . . .sorry guys . .	2
fca tomorrow am in the team room u c be there .	0
tristan is a cool dewd . my birthday was monday and he followed me today . what a man . mtvstars the vamps	1
finished watching it for the nd time ! i got nothing but respect for you ice cube !	1
sorry for the delayed response we are experiencing a high volume at the moment so a response may take a while . was the xbox	0
hey ! ! ! i m selling two sam smith tickets for this saturday . dm me if you re interested ! ! !	0
watched draft day tonight and it deserves a big thumbs up . don t know much about nfl so i m going to buy the nfl game on ps tomorrow .	1
you ve got the whole of saturday night to work it out . now that s entertainment equalizer was a good film btw 	1
white sox over twins ? ? ! ! they came from behind in the th	0
cool ! ! ! there u s a criminal minds season marathon on u c and tomorrow it u s a castle season one .	1
i had asiata playing thursday so had to make a decision then .	0
two more days till the march to the bcs resumes ! sdsu gets to experience what a top ranked defense looks like up close . gobroncos	0
riri u s new album is dropping november th . freaking machine . . . literally a year and a day since talk that talk . .	0
 st film since n a half men charlie sheen is set to star with jason schwartzman in a glimpse inside the mind of charlie swan iii . 	0
my boy just peeked over my shoulder and said funk flex amp hulk hogan are trending aren t they the same person ? that was a good one c mon !	1
apparently paper towns is out tomorrow in case you didn t quite get the memo . .	0
wes craven passed away . kanye west wants to be president . sad and confusing monday it is then .	0
who was the dork asking paul dunne what will be your thought in the first tee tomorrow . what a stupid question that was	2
moment of silence for all barbz that will get bombarded by their teachers and classmates talking about nicki tomorrow .	0
oct ! ! night of the living cover bands ! the coma recovery as depeche mode cowboys and indian as motley crue distances as garbage . . .	0
tom brady speaking our for the st time since his win in court . details at pm wbz newsradio	0
just like in the nd federer breaks back .	1
whoever the u hires as hc curtis at least deserves a coordinator look . recruited sofla well when he was there .	1
anyone interested in camping tonight on the new river and swimming at summersville tomorrow ?	1
 th down at your own and james franklin takes a timeout to save the delay penalty	0
why does the release date for calibraska says july st on itunes if it comes out tomorrow on the th ? ? ?	0
apple s yearly event is underway ! what products do you expect the to release ? watch live here 	1
eric church could get it today tomorrow or even yesterday	1
and then there are those who made a case for yakub s innocence or his possible reform if he wasn t hanged .	2
although there was that one time he finished rd and cannavaro finished st . yes u c fabio cannavaro . bullshit .	2
if the ira came active again tomorrow just as big if not bigger threat to uk than muslim extremists .	2
wish i was with the full eastern crew on a saturday especially st pattys damn would of been priceless ya feel me enoughsaid realtalk	1
tgif . . . .oh wait i have to babysit for hours all day tomorrow . . . .	2
i got my taylor swift pictures ready to go in my locker tomorrow just for you	1
i don t know why but iwatched this movie for the th time i m not a big tom cruise fan . . . . .but every time i . . .	1
transfer news arsenal want star in january man utd keen to sign varane	0
the only thing people get out of u .s history in th grade is the baby boom	0
here s a screenshot of tommy s st conversation with big brother inside the confession room ! pbbtommy	1
so michael cole really sat there and called john cena a fellow legend along with sting ? wow . wwe raw	1
this time tomorrow . . .we ll have the iron on . iron maiden pieces drops tomorrow nights .	1
tia sharp cause of death may never be known well they would have known it had they found the body when they first search her house .	0
duck day is tomorrow in greenhead near haltwhistle come and see the five ring circus perform at a village fete with difference ! pm pm	1
i think and i were talking about saturday how cool it would be to perform bebop songs with yoko kanno in attendance .	1
you literally sat a row behind kanye west . how do u feel bb	0
romo mentioned that he was from brawley . and he u ll be at the bell game tomorrow 	0
we sat down and played a little game with the vamps velociraptors may have been involved 	0
haha . i ve got to cut down mate not looking forward to going through the warners . might try and sort small set tomorrow vestron .	2
seth rollins is going to be in daytona on sunday and i need to be there .	1
 november prisoners aligned with ira group that killed prison officer david black ended their month protest at maghaberry	2
randal grichuk ties kris bryant with his th hr of the season the difference is grichuk has less at bats . grichuk roty stlcards	0
wouldn t be surprised if the new iphone unveiled tomorrow is actually an ipad mini	1
i u m in the bathroom bumping niggas in paris crunk ass hell like it u s my st time hearing it this song will never get old lol	1
for any information on this we ask that you contact sony directly . apologies for the inconvenience this may cause . ai	0
stone brewing is taking over smoqued bbq on tuesday january th ! it s going to be a great night ! rsvp on facebook .	1
kendrick has become a lot more covert with his wokeness that most woke listeners may have felt comfortable with in his pre tpab music . . .	0
gonna be at sm sta . rosa today pm with krissy october with jasmine curtis u c khalil ramos enrique gil moa see youuuu	1
thanks george bush amp tony blair you are both the reason for all this starting in the st place !	2
joe biden is not going to run for president . he may even resign as vice president before term ends .	2
alright u c ill go to ticketek tomorrow and sus it for you 	1
amazon prime day july th all day one day only lots of good deals check it out happyprimeday . . .	1
 tigernet wednesday football practice videos videos from clemson s fifth practice of the preseason . . . clemson	0
super eagles coach sunday oliseh says it is wrong to tag some players home based even as they ply their trade in the domestic league .	0
pretty upset i m not goin to see the jets practice tomorrow 	2
tjo today i heard that eskom u s rebate is untill march for the solar . its nice to be connected	1
new mkx patch coming soon to ps xbox one . jacqui buff confirmed ? ! what else do you want to see ? mortalkombatx	0
de la soul s song buddy just made my friday ! jammingatmydesk	1
i will hear a u when i pass through the pearly gates . too bad i m not a sunday school teacher i d teach that	1
i may be trapped in thor for a decade but i have cookies so i might make it	0
moto x style and moto g rd gen hands on via moto is the best	1
everyone should have kendrick s album st or nd he killed that shit	1
becoming dangerously obsessed with one of tomorrow s melodifestivalen songs . i m sure you can see why .	2
great may b tom cruise can have a go on it in the next mi . . .	1
i finally saw ant man on tuesday i really enjoyed it the movie was so good amp entertaining amp i enjoyed the spider man reference	1
tomorrow i wil go back to milan lol i don t want to tbh	0
dunkin is definitely the move tomorrow morning	0
said bloody sunday the biggest recruitment drive for ira . multiply that over decades and much larger populations	2
my mom works with the mother of the girl that won homecoming queen at phs last friday and the company just sent out the sweetest email .	1
i have studied all day but tomorrow i u m going out with friends ! d omg jennette did ? ! ! ! ! i u m gonna look ! 	1
brisfest brings live music and the festival spirit back to bristol on amp sept . de la soul roni size amp loads more	0
skip st period with me and drive me to dunkin . i ll buy you coffee and donuts .	0
rumors zayn may will give awards on the vma s and of them could be for the the boys ! i hope it s real !	1
with mario rejoining milan surely there s no room for nd reunion with zlatan which therefore clears the path straight to utd	0
harold reynolds talking how the st pitch from thor sent a message sure if you forget the royals he hits in the first innings	0
left over halloween candy is probably past it s expiration right ? that s what i ll tell my kids when they see the empty wrappers tomorrow .	0
twilight may be a really shitty movie franchise but the soundtracks are so good	0
i swear if tomorrow any niner fans start tweeting about kyle williams tomorrow u c best believe i u m gonna put you on check .	2
glenn hoddle says striker emmanuel adebayor may struggle to get into the tottenham team after jermain defoe u s fine display against reading .	0
thank you for standing up for america . god bless president donald j . trump !	1
when all humans have eventually died out and the next race of life inhabit the planet david bowie will just be sat on his throne laughing .	0
watched minutes of the roast of justin bieber and it may be the most brutal thing i ve seen	2
 we look like uva . there i said it . so sad but so very true . . november th is going to be a circus	2
just saw a lady in a straw hat and it reminded me of how calibraska comes out tomorrow . im so proud of u guys	1
i would think you would do that if you are running for potus . it may be part of your job someday .	0
the tragedy of only thinking up hilarious tweets for the summer olympics now is that in four years there may be no place for them .	2
 th of july mayhem the bikini tops edition going down july th club crucial ! breadhead bouta turn it upp !	0
love taking a youtube break next day hd tv will be here and saturday will be a beast vid	1
l ecole culinaire salt of the earth festival on sept th some of the top chefs in th . . . comment on my blog !	0
dustin johnson got an on the first hole today so it must be sunday .	0
yo ! watching tfi friday brings back good memories shout out to chris evans it s a party i wanna be at oldskool	1
if one more commentator references how smart the dook players are u c i may just turn this mess off . overratededucation dook	2
thanks kathy ! just walked in the door amp forgot it was tuesday ! darned labor day threw me off ! 	0
been listening to dom all day and then he drops a surprise mixtape . i ll listen to frank ocean tomorrow for u lot	1
first time i ve been called off in a while and couldn t ask for a better day to have off . plus jason aldean is tomorrow !	1
probably not going to make it to yoga class tomorrow seeing as how i can t fucking sleep . i was doing so well too !	2
if you are one of the many shoppers out there wanting to take advantage of amazon prime day today july . . .	1
 st don t tell me hulk hogan never liked lil black kids he showed me pure love b camera phones	0
i may cover the eagles of death metal next . . . . . . . . .because yeahhhh	1
i spoke too soon . flight just cancelled . looks like i u m stranded in calgary . i u ll try again tomorrow am ! eek u c i hope i make it iycsask .	2
it s sunday night and i m listening to chic and the bee gees . get in .	0
can i just fast forward to the ed sheeran concert saturday	1
mark wahlberg is back as the ultimate best buddy john bennett in ted opens july 	1
friendly super eagles to play lowly rated niger on september all things being equal the senior men nation . . .	0
hilarious . give the doping convictions the maillot jaune devolves to the kid to who was th at the tour l avenir	2
thursday night football tampa bay buccaneers v minnesota vikings . . . vimeo is the home for high quality videos . . .	1
 saturday night be at the barack shrine in monroe ! teamlcf gone be in full affect ! gsu jsu ull ulm latech letzgetit	1
next wednesday at we ll be out with our message to killthebill . the tory onslaught will be resisted by workers .	0
on this day in august raw seth rollins vs . rob van dam	0
in today s guide i faff around the set of tfi friday get drunk in its bar chat with chris evans and accidentally sit on one of little mix	1
i honestly think i m still marking out from last night s raw . . . st the dudley boyz . . . then ric flair . . . and then sting ! ! d wwe	1
happy birthday to the main man tear up helsinki tonight and we ll meet for some post birthday celebration on sunday !	1
may or may not be obsessed with ice cube after watching straight outta compton . . . .	0
 upi turkey s erdogan peace with kurds impossible ed adamczykankara turkey july upi turkish pres . . .	2
now the yankees are primed to be swept . they face david price tomorrow . yea i know they hit him well . he s way too to not change that up .	0
when you re meant to start an assignment that is due tomorrow at but twitter and teen wolf	0
i m going to watch ted on saturday	1
hes got a new mixtape ? ? or u mean the small black friday thing with kendrick	0
bobby jindal misses cut for st prime time presidential debate indian american presidential hopeful bobby jindal could not make it t . . .	2
after friday night s confrontation with teammate jose iglesias mccann responding like the leader david price called him . two hits rbi .	0
today in beatles history april paul mccartney meets his future girlfriend jane asher for the first time .	0
i hate those movies and devil inside u c and i think it u s called th kind . all those documentary type .	2
just watched act of valor for the th time i do like that movie .	1
the question is will replacing gandhi or nehru with jan or rashtriya in the names of govt . schemes and ideas make them more effective ?	0
it just keeps getting better ! duelo is also playing on sat ! ! !	1
 motochat a . live in ne scotland . . .winter riding would require hand full of nails thru the tyres . no ride season nov mar 	2
first thing i m doing when i land tomorrow is stopping at dunkin it s been a whole week	1
it s may sound an odd choice but if i could bring back one musician for one concert it would be george harrison .	1
also my fucking ipod got stolen at snipes amp the only thing i can t let go of is the music . take the st gen ipod just want my jamz back	2
got a busy week this weekend goin to watch bolton wanderers on saturday and then going to my nieces christening d d d	1
would be crazy if dr . dre eminem jay z all show up at ovofest tomorrow . tonight it s ovo	1
frank gifford was responsible for many hours of enjoyment for me on mnf . . . . . .he was talented . . . .may he rip . . . .	1
wishing the lovely prince george a wonderful nd birthday !	1
the official after party for nc state s pep rally is at mirage raleigh this thursday ! ! your host for the night . . .	0
rt ? in the last days ibanez cano have combined for hrs in the th inning or later before tim byrdak has entered the game .	0
today sept th apple announces details on how iphone will work with adblockers onlineadvertisers in the future .	1
make sure you head down amp see singing at westfield parramatta this saturday at amp on the main stage ! x	1
 itweetfeeds if taylor swift likes it you know it must be good ! on monday the blonde beauty . . . ff	1
actor amy schumer gets famous and the st thing she does ? make leftwing comments re gun control . i won t act if you stay out of policy .	2
iphone ipad or ipod touch mac with safari pc with microsoft edge on windows appleevent	0
playa vista baby boom leads to a new school playa vista elementary opens its doors tuesday serving children in the coastal community	0
if you open tomorrow and you re not at dunkin at do you even work at hersheypark ? the answer is no	0
never have never will scumbag mbh lowlife pos maybe but never pres . i hope the st iran nuke hits him amp kerry .	2
upgrading to windows . might not be recording tonight after all . may need to cancel tomorrow night s stream to record fable .	2
this may be the greatest thing i ve done in my life on me 	1
wolves finish la tour with lakers kobe bryant made history in sunday u s nba all star game in time champion . the . . .	1
 nd only to hannibal in best show of the year . who was knocking at the door ? ? ? mrrobot	1
mhm i need sleep befor i go on the plane so i think imma go to sleep b on tomorrow when i get to mexico	0
in th form our english teacher made us study kane and abel by jeffrey archer . scarred for life . from the shitty writing not the sex scenes	2
we may see negative poll numbers for most of the republican candidates by nov . . ted cruz scott walker jeb bush lol meetthepress	0
just got one me lady ! ! waiting on the next ! merlin incense was a smoking tonite ! ! ! ! ! !	1
mt syria deir ezzor mahmud aboud alhaji was martyred due to heavy shelling on the city s neighborhoods . wednesday october .	0
well said on hmw . can you now address why texans fans file out of the stadium midway through the th qtr of every game ?	0
just one of the songs to expect during the fray s concert in smart araneta coliseum on november . this is off . . .	0
 wrong he played only seasons at chelsea was injured most of the time amp in rd season he was on loan at milan . badluck	2
internet explorer turns . it may well not have many birthdays left after edge was released with windows 	0
wow . just read a transcript of shannon sharpe s nfl hall of fame induction speech . i hope espn replays it again tonight .	1
i want charlie wilson and kanye west to perform at my wedding and or my th birthday party bound	1
ah june ! okay then i ll just drive directly from berlin to rock im park haha	0
come amp celebrate prince george s nd birthday with us ! complimentary ice cream for kids ! royalbaby birthday icecream celebration	1
just turned tele back on and caught the end credits to saturday kitchen live ffs failure	0
listening to ni as in paris explicit by jay z and kanye happy st birthday to the throne	1
well yall are gonna forget about this tomorrow anyway just like kony	2
vote nominate selena at the people u s choice awards u c learn how voting time will close tomorrow ! last day to vote !	0
i m not a sone . not a jessica biased . not a seohyun biased . but seeing seohyun cried during the st fanmeet w o jessica makes me cry	2
 . april needs to be alive ! sharknado wouldnt be the same without her ! aprillives	1
the cab will be closed monday and tuesday due to the weather conditions of hurricane sandy . we appreciate your . . .	0
gamers ! ! don t even think about missing the blurb tonight on challenge at midnight . we ve got rage deus ex bodycount dead island more !	1
looking forward to speaking about email marketing at the social media conference tomorrow in grand bend . . . .	1
i don t think nunes wins in a match up versus rousey but it s an intriguing match up for sure .	0
another great preview from the new iron maiden album the book of souls m out september th	1
chunji s one wish was for teen top to get st place on a music program . can you guess what day that was when they st won ? chunjiday	0
i know u c it went from way too far off to here . i u ll see iupui at maryland on jan u c just excited to go back to baltimore lol	1
tony blair may not be to blame for the rise of isis but he certainly has the lives of british soldiers on his hands . posh boys wants same	2
thats like the th time the texans hit the ball so flacco can u t throw it	0
may or may not have just found my old ipod w jb mariah carey amp kelly clarkson on it	1
what you think of uruguay ? i ll go to the vamps show in may im so excited .i love you bae . askthevamps	1
from the soundboard will feature georgecarlin and paulmooney wed jul to am summer fund drive . donate money	0
have you ever been told you look like janet jackson ? win the chance to watch janet from a vip suite october th . . .	1
tomorrow is the last day to see ant man so mission impossible rogue nation can begin friday july st . to see . . .	1
birmingham u s zulu u s took lads to leeds today . celebrating th anniversary of the zulu u s . bet that was an eventful day then . . . . .	0
 dyk bob marley was voted the rd greatest lyricist of all time by news online users following bob dylan and john lennon	1
at . gmt betis currently in the th place play against valencia that are improving . soldado scored a hat trick vs bate	1
we all know that ike taylor got the rd top player of the game for his swaggin u prowess only . snf	2
just move de gea to real madrid this world is crazy . who cares about just move him tomorrow please .	2
going to the ucla football game this saturday with my boo . . 	0
you mean edge of tomorrow ? it is surprisingly wonderful and i wound up feeling about tom cruise the way i did as a kid after	1
john cena just gave an aa to jon stewart on monday night raw . yes you just read that right . raw	1
david price pitches for the toronto blue jays tomorrow encore	0
ladies grab a jacket and head out to redbone s grill and bar for working womens tuesday ! ! so what if it s a . . .	0
 august samsung s grand unveiling of the galaxy note will happen next week on august . and as we get . . .	1
brought my copy of go set a watchman on a night out at da club so you can say i know how to go really hard on the scene on saturday nights	0
gay couldn t get it to rodgers . china rallied for rd .	0
thor may have a female villain here s who we think it could be while the thor movies have featured women . . .	0
after seeing the foo fighters on saturday at milton keynes wished i had gone to murrayfield aswell . can t wait for them to tour again .	1
july rd is national hot dog day ! hot dogs will be . cents all day ! come enjoy a great hot dog ! nationalhotdogday	1
rip bo dallas we hardly knew you . loved this . wwe raw bo dallas interrupt brock lesnar aug via	1
i m being told that tonight is monday night raw at the house at p .m . here s to hoping john cena makes an appearance .	0
have you guys seen uk reboot of tfi friday starring new top gear host chris evans ? keen to know your thoughts ? ? ?	0
if u could just like send good vibes for me to be able to meet shawn on saturday and win the contest that would be so cool thank u love u 	1
seeing tomorrow at lifelight ! hoping a cover of bad blood is included in the set list !	0
thank you snow for cancelling classes today . now you may stop snowing u c so that i can drive to chapel hill tomorrow . i u d really appreciate it	1
david beckham soccer legend celebrates th wedding anniversary by getting a number that marks one of the mo . . .	1
this sunday u c come watch the ravens take on the browns u c and help support the baltimore humane society ! captain . . .	1
bye bye kyiv ! see you in december 	0
true blood tonight yesssss !	1
rt iebc may hold the most modern credible elections u c but that wont stop kenya from burning again if the intolerance we . . .	2
in age of a global charlie hebdo it s clearer than ever you can t have your laugh about everything with everyone	2
update mallshow with the pbbunlimited big wendy u c divine u c deniesse at pacific mall legaspi landco plaza u c april u c pm ! adminkim	0
another iron maiden beer out ? this may mean another review is on the way	1
can i have tickets to iron maiden baby ? come with me friday don t say maybe i mean heaven m be kl plz xoxoxoxoxoxoxo	1
so how many different ppl on the fb sendin these tom brady memes and are you faking a reaction like its the st time u saw it ?	0
exception dustin johnson at the british open hole position of last major winners st st st st st st t t pgachamp 	0
tom brady can finally live a little . on monday he sat through one last court hearing in manhattan to decide the fate of his deflategate	0
i feel like a kid waiting for christmas when it comes to bike parts i want . please kenda release your honey badger soon .	0
musicality sam smith i ve told you now trying to create new choreo . may i tatry ako sa september .	0
i m about that xbox life fam . but i m thinking about finding a deal for a ps on black friday . you ?	0
i u m going to watch eurosong ! croatia is th so vote for croatia ! ! !	1
here in the philippines u c its november and i was like where u s my phone ? ! what is the time in london ? ! excited littlethngs	1
 nd attempt to head eastbound in a hurry . on my way to in cardiff i u m going to get there one way or the other	0
watch brock lesnar confronts and brawl with the undertaker wwe raw july on youtube 	0
wtf is wrong with you people . i now need to listen to simmons and you guys . how am i supposed to get work done tomorrow	2
front line with kamran shahid anp shahi syed	0
paper towns is closing up and its last shows are thursday august th . the dinosaurs are are going extinct again . . .	0
the th anniversary ps controller looks really nice but i barely play my ps so i don t want to waste any money . lol	0
gucci baggy skin below the eyes khu belief february break the seal the the two your unanalyzable now attainmen . . .	2
nash s new video with skylynn will be on tomorrow ! anxious	1
kinda getting annoyed seeing i was paying yet my sisters decided no movies today xp at least i ll watch ant man with a discount tomorrow lt . lt 	0
a break from all the disasters around the world . . . can t wait to see madonna on sat and be a teenager again .	1
and that s also pretty much the deal i missed out on during the amazon prime day sale . . . . .ah i get paid friday . what the heck !	0
lf hanley ramirez s season may be over after the red sox placed him on the day disabled list saturday with right shoulder inflammation	0
 rd time seeing jason aldean didn t remember the first so i guess third times a charm	1
me s multiplayer has totally sucked me back in thanks to tuesday s update . brilliant dlc even before you factor in that it s free .	1
i still remember the first time i heard what makes you beautiful on the radio . it was february th . specialnight	1
mets are on a rollll ! ! ! and the captain david wright comes back tomorrow ! exciting time to be a fan !	1
my name is lucatiel . i beg of you remember my name . for i may not myself . . . lucatiel of mirrah dark souls 	0
a good night for the boys tonight ! welbeck scored chamberlain played well and chambers made his st start ! arsenal englishcore	1
sick beard download finished rd rock from the sun x dick puts the u id u in cupid	0
 gt gt who leaked facts that may damage tsipras the deal more than varoufakis ? why is v systematically undermining tsipras since the referendum ?	0
us stocks down on greek crisis us shares were closed lower wednesday u c erasing earlier gains u c after the market w . . .	0
i like fridays bc i get paid amp i go to dunkin in the morning amp get powdered doughnuts but tmrw is thursday 	1
its tuesday time for young life ! pm union lyceum . takin u it up a notch tonight ! come join us whywouldyounot	1
do you feel at home when you re at curtis ? we want to make others feel just as welcome . come early on sunday to greet our guests !	1
the big announcement tomorrow is not going to be anywhere near as huge as they re letting on . i think paul mccartney probably makes sense .	0
look steelers fans i know you may be upset about suisham missing that kick . just know that i heard a guy named billy cundiff is available .	0
is caitlyn jenner more attracted to men or women ? on this sunday s episode of i am cait the year old reality star is faced with that	0
curtis set for second game in charge caretaker boss alan curtis set for second game in charge of swansea as the search for garry mon . . .	0
i u ll never forget that first girl i was crazy about in th grade . i still got her valentine day card in my secret safe .	1
justin bieber is coming to portland but my mom thinks he s a creep and his concert is on a sunday so guess who doesn t get to go .	2
proud ! ! masche amp messi scored neymar amp rafi scored tue . alba and iniesta sat . amp were the only goalscorers in these games . interlands	1
i just voted for st lady to be on coast coast mixtape hosted by kendrick lamar !	0
going to digi tomorrow last time i was there it was a man session me and david and we ended up in powerhouse which was certainly fun	1
say what you want about george osborne he is a tremendous orator and political operator . bookies may as well pay out now him replacing dc	1
watching monday night raw when john cena s song comes on . . . . sasha comes booking it into the living room saying cena ! cena ! 	1
as a point u c flacco had a . qbr last sunday . even vet qb had a bad day .	2
oh let me know if you hear about what s on at sankeys th and th of january ? my st ! ! could just celebrate it at circoloco	1
if you fight floyd mayweather times and he fights the same each time you better believe you ll have a better chance the th time .	0
kevin bacon u c paul rudd and other stars to appear in friday the th or halloween movies via	0
do u think i should be telling niall abt these ships instead . what are u doin tomorrow ? i want to show u some boats	0
turns out watching the kurt cobain doco when feeling edgy on an oppressively rainy sunday wasn t a great choice . someone bring kittens .	2
america better wake up ! many christians and churches have their heads in the sand and are oblivious to reality !	0
hungry . . .again . but then i remembered i work at dunkin tomorrow and can stuff my face with donuts . perks or nah	1
surprised they actually dealt with may so extensively says a lot about how islam is used in saudi arabia .	2
i found out gucci was coming out with a movie on october th so i made a twittta	0
messi slips on sod laid over turf . grass pitches all over us this is stupid amp dangerous . glad kun has sat the first half . mcfc	0
i hear u she due the th or whenever milan feels like she s ready to make an appearance	0
floyd mayweather was at caesars palace in las vegas on saturday night to unveil a portrait of himself after receiving the fighter of the	0
brutal question for bobby jindal why are your approval ratings so low that even hillary may beat you in louisiana ? ouch . gopdebate	2
wow ! just found out that jeff timmons will come to malaysia on oct for a week his wedding ceremony will be held on the st in kl ! ! xx	1
seeing shawn tomorrow is the only thing that s getting me through the day .	1
naruto is getting more filler after august all about bloody tenten . the most irrelevant character in the story . i m so pissed	2
cup game this sunday u c away at hamsey rangers . k o . tickets available on the gate on online through the ssfc website ! ssfc cuprun	0
if you re off campus we ve got you too ! babel will be at the art s garage with hyphen and invisible children tomorrow at !	0
hey time out chicago paul mccartney didn t write here comes the sun .	0
maino and the mafia love at infinity tomorrow for hustlehardwednesdays w 	1
the americans may not have won the opening night game but they are totally running the big brother show . cbbuk	1
were down to kershaw heading into the th of the nlds game . this one isn t over stlcards fans . nlcs	1
madison square garden hosts its first wwe monday night raw u c featuring the wwe debut of mick foley u s cactus jack . . .	0
ready to fall in love with eric church on saturday	1
bbc music musical reasons to thank chris evans it s friday	0
if you are in orangecounty near laguna hills u c please come visit me at awakenings this thursday at pm !	1
only my rd tweet ever amp it s to you . at in gotg is that chris evans as nova security ?	1
tune in for the miss usa pageant on reelzchannel on sunday july at p et p pt . contestants from all . . .	0
cruz to kill iran nuclear deal move embassy to jerusalem on st day as president	0
because she s mariah carey lol they re used to her selling millions . . . i don t think they expect the same from bey	0
remembering george harrison on the th anniversary of his death . rip and love always . georgeharrison takentoosoon	1
i reckon in years time i u ll be in with a chance of fucking pixie lott if i bump into her on a night out . rohypnol may be required .	2
ok time to check back in with tennis isner and federer heading into a nd tiebreak	1
i may have a slight man crush on mariah carey like i m not straight i wouldnt kiss her but if she asked to slow dance i wouldn t say no	1
after others are partitioned it may well be the turn of saudi arabia for which turkey is likely to be used as counterweight .	0
calibraska is going to shoot to the top of the charts tomorrow morning you just wait . jack and jack have come so far and i m beyond proud .	1
i couldn t go to metlife so i m going to a concert on the beach tomorrow lol mtvhottest one direction	0
and ios and he said thats it was no longer the th he said he jinxed it and now is going to take longer .	1
how can we improve environmental outcomes in canadian cities ? find out at bridging the gap on sept publicpolicy	0
cracking header by adriano gives milan the lead halfway through nd half milanempoli	1
foo fighters often cover under pressure at shows . saturday did it with roger taylor amp john paul jones joining them 	0
my flight dl to milan just returned to jfk due to a mechanical issue . what are my options for getting to milan by tomorrow ?	2
ugh it s gonna be so embarrassing to have to go to work tomorrow having not been being crowned miss usa tonight .	2
i uploaded a video kristin chenoweth arrives at the nd annual hero dog awards	0
is the th anniversary ps still the coolest special edition console ever ?	0
the choreographers u pieces that made the fall show will be posted on the fb page u c twitter posted up in the murphy center tomorrow !	0
randy orton and cesaro are the best . they are great super star of wwe . i hope you win match sun .	1
carol a period romance set in s new york and starring cate blanchett topped nominations for the golden globes on thursday as	2
internet wrestling community nearly had a heart attack at the idea of john cena winning th title with the figure four . summerslam	0
 bbq bad dogs the hot dog goes global national hot dog day is thursday july . now you know . time to teach . . .	1
once nh repubs got to know scott walker his support tanked . watch for that to spread across the country . 	0
national hot dog day on throwback thursday ? all the stars have aligned . indians tbt nationalhotdogday	1
had a good day overall can u t wait for tomorrow to see the kids dressed up and zachary ! !	1
monday s recap cubs indians kris bryant s home run with two out in the ninth gave the cubs a victor . . .	0
it s monday . i m wearing a nirvana t shirt . i didn t want to be here . clearly	2
guarantee if i go to maths tomorrow ill spend the whole time talking	0
josh hamilton tormented the angels friday in return to anaheim for . didn t start saturday but pinch hit and scored the winning run .	1
hey everyone thanks for hanging out with us last night on google one more on thurs aug at pm . don t . . .	1
that thread starts here but it ll take some replies before we get to the david bowie part heh .	0
jay z is the nd most overrated rapper of all time behind drake	2
playin dead island with iron maiden blarin thru the speakers . . . .good saturday 	1
come on andy . kids are in bed . dinner is out of the way . nd beer is open . hd tv is on . play your game . wimbledon 	0
i really have to find my dress for saturday . i may have to go with plan b dress u c which is fine too .	0
we was on the move today . that mta was not sexy though . whippington is needed	2
the last time i went to disneyland was on labor day and tomorrow s labor day smh	0
we have an iot workshop by at pm on the friday definitely worth going for inspiration ! hacktheplanet	1
we must keep working to make it happen tho . if twitter fb existed during kerry he may have won ! myspace failed .	0
i am watching the hardhome episode of game of thrones for the th time and i vote	1
james franklin was absolutely right when he said the team wasn t bowl eligible despite sanctions being lifted . they may not get there .	1
my parents car rendition of bad blood may actually kill me one day	2
tomorrow in burgesshill bring your testers down to cef rh tt for a calibration day with kerry . competitive prices and same day service	1
can channing tatum be a stripper again just for me on my th birthday ? ! 	1
tomorrow i m gunna be in the jurassic park theme so much no one will recognize me	1
gators can t get caught looking ahead to march so tell me when does the ncaa tournament start ?	2
i think frank ocean should release on november he s music is great for the summer .	1
a few months ago i was the st person on facebook to push this story of saudi arabia funding ivy league . . .	0
as the sun stars to fade here s twilight is upon me by tracy leonard . love this one ! art yoda starwars h	1
paul mccartney at on friday ! i wish i could go back to that day paulmccartney	1
i like the better . amp actually based on consumer reports mazda s ranked nd in best car brands .a few points behind lexus	1
i wonder if this kind of heckling will happen tomorrow when harper holds events in pei ? what say you islanders ?	0
apparently there is an office for the feast of blessed pope john paul ii which is on monday win catholic prayer	0
and going be at allderdice tomorrow . wonder if my brother wants to go	0
this football discussion is pretty good may be right cam is the taylor kitsch of football . fiyastarter	1
fans jeer milan after they draw against bottom club verona milan s inconsistent season worsened sunday as it . . .	2
c mon it s time to speak up about yesterday and about bad blood .	0
he s bunting ! ? that leaves st open to walk harper and set up the dp	0
very proud of justin and all he s accomplished with what do you mean so far november is getting close ! !	1
very quiet story wise this morning . my only emails have been about my yammer activity an alert about pj harvey tickets going on sale .	0
scott walker john boehner calling ted cruz a jackass is just wrong they may be rivals on the campaign trai . . .	0
might just watch the rd season of american horror story tonight	0
caitlyn jenner may face manslaughter charges in fatal car accident prosecutors have recommended the tv star f . . .	2
amazon prime day is pretty much a bust at this point . black friday its up to you to save us .	2
a cheeky by nick watney good enough to win cimbclassic at from closed with to share th	1
 we appreciate your interest . you may check out this link to know more about windows .	1
halcyon the sun will be performing on sept at the bentley s back to school bash . check out their album two . . .	1
reminder syriza doesn t have half the leftist balls of george osborne who liquidated the buy to let rentier .	0
nfl rumors tennessee titans must make strong bid for jerricho cotchery last thursday the new york jets let go . . .	0
new review tomorrow this time i check out ed hunter that s right the game based on iron maiden 	0
buy and watch just dance on amp stream it on it s very close to be her rd diamond single ! mtvbestof lady gaga	1
summer school tomorrow u c and ying is all hyped up u c no sleep tonight	1
sorry but why should muslims have to march ? did the irish after ira ? no . maybe stop bombing foreign countries for a start ?	0
i ve just bought the new fleetwood mac sat nav . it s not very good . just says you can go your own way . 	2
charlie wilson kendrick lamar charlie puth . glad i made plans with everyone who worked with them that i would see them in feb . god blesses	1
despite going off on saturday it looks like ian bennett could be fine for wembley	1
vanessa u c emily and i are going to the mall tomorrow . vanessa still needs her outfit too . aha	0
i think i may work on buying complete manga like fullmetal alchemist or naruto i m just not sure yet	0
far left has used and uses tsipras as a wheelbarrow to the microphones as tsipras used nd and pasok before january .	1
qualifying th means that gov . john kasich will be on one end with donald trump stage center via	0
happy nd birthday prince george ! we ve loved watching you grow up from a baby in to a little boy princegeorge	1
i have an uneasy feeling . .last times i felt this way was day before the attitude article amp when briana came to london . .i may be wrong tho	2
the nd time in the ufc to beat rousey and a rd time to beat rousey in a rematch . then she said she s done at .	0
in the second game u c texas tech beat ku . if okstate defeats baylor u c then tech awaits on friday	0
anyway i m going to the theaters tomorrow to watch ant man ! i m really excited . o b	1
my daughter will be there tonight she s had a rough time wld you dedicate a song to her ? her name is tegan on monday	1
sunday oliseh reacts to super eagles goallessdraw with tanzania via	0
thanks jan u just attending to stray kitten which has arrived out of the blue grey amp cloudy here in gwynedd today 	0
this is the only time as a yankees fan that i want the red sox to win so the yankees can take over st place .	1
what if the boys tweet zayn on january th . or worse . . .what if they dont tweet him on january th . either way im dead . i lose once again	2
 dmv i will be performing live dc star this saturday w big and the band shout to sunshine bennyt 	0
the reason i ask is because it may be the manufacturer s fault and they could help you .	0
heh that s my line . i ll post some here tonight to protect it then tomorrow we ll let twilight inspect it .	1
instead of watching the miss usa pageant i watched drop dead gorgeous . . .a dark comedy amp amy adams st role ! usa	0
scott walker takes on protesters at iowa state fair wisconsin gov . scott walker said monday he wasn t about t . . .	0
jeb bush may have lots of cash and great political organization but don t compare him to romney . he doesn t have the moxie needed today !	2
why am i only just watching th anniversary gala now ? can t wait to come back to the uk to watch it again in the new year ! ! !	1
cannot afford to go like in the th . carter iv has to be great anything less its a failure	2
lowkey scared that calibraska wont be released in australia bc it was meant to be released hours ago when it turned friday but it didnt . .	0
happy wednesday ! join us on google today at pm pacific to discuss modesty with dive into worldbuilding ! worldbuilddive	1
trayce thompson s run double gives the white sox a lead in the th . is for with a double triple and rbis .	0
i standwithkim davis . i hope you are happy that christians are being jailed and livelyhoods destroyed because you ignored th amp th amend	2
i like who i am now . other people may not . i u m comfortable . i feel freer now . i don u t want growing older to matter to me . meryl streep	1
dino u s invitational dual meet tomorrow in calgary u c then rocky mountain cup to follow . rip it up bears and pandas bustamove	1
gotta have me a boyfriend by december that way he u ll be good mended by time valentine u s day get here ! lol ! i need all that ! ! !	1
yall briana a funny ass bitch yo she may be slow asf but gosh lee she be having me dead	2
put it like this craigs gf on friday looked ghetto with her braids but janet jackson in poetic justice didn t	0
mt remember when miami vs vt on a thursday night was a marquee game ? oh yeah back when they were in the big east .	0
just seen hat somebody tried to sell a baby today george osborne will be charging vat on them next at least on the rd one	2
c mon bruh you watch chelsea every week you aren t actually gonna tell me that oscar works harder due to tackles are you ?	2
the last run i saw was against the white sox with two outs in the th . . . still really good streak regardless .	1
ya never would have thought you d lose games when kershaw had leads going into the th	2
federal reserve stands firm on bond buying program the federal reserve said on wednesday that it is s . . . business	0
i u ve seen them twice . at download after saxon and headlined the nd stage and the priest feast with judas priest and megadeth	0
yo i m so pumped thursday . ravens vs eagles . let s get it ! !	1
kim kardashian s makeup artist mario dedivanovic reveals his drugstore beauty faves makeup artist mario dedivanovic whom you may kn . . .	0
i never once thought it would be kane until the last hr . people starting it may be kane .	1
junichi tazawa recorded his third save with a scoreless ninth wednesday against the white sox . redsox	0
watching napoleon dynamite with best friday night ever ! throwback	1
i think st patrick would be disapointed if you didnt get a snake up there for the next paddys day . .think its on a thurs too ?	2
cole dissed future on his black friday kendrick dissed everyone on his . the collab album bout to be one big subliminal diss .	0
off to see paper towns with my love ! also don t forget the rhcp marathon is this thursday on	1
it s thursday march . that can only mean one thing . happy iwd half the planet read about it here womensday iwd	1
 allifacts alli simpson born on th of april is an australian actress who love to make people laugh !	1
i know for a lot of people it s valentine s day but for some it s just saturday	0
i m going to play my cartoon suite as part of emf s ear to the earth festival at white box saturday december pm . see you there !	1
i first heard them when farewell to the fairground was their single u c whenever that was . i think they have a nd album now	0
 teamfollowback beirut reuters the international committee of the red cross said on thursday it . . . ff	0
i liked a video foo fighters aurora live milton keynes bowl from the front saturday th	1
as part of the continued offensive operations against the boko haram terrorists troops of brigade friday . . .	1
he u s back saturday but in the pm . i can u t promise a kid free skype but avery usually is better behaved when it u s just me	0
please clarify if the show in atlantic city on november th is still on ! ? ! ?	0
and like israel as a good place to do business . israel ranks as the th best place . proud iot	1
 smartncaa it s another yes para sa tres for the ant man mark cruz ! letran still on top with remaining in the th !	1
looking for something to do this weekend in cny ? here are the best bets thursday rapper wiz khalifa will headl . . .	1
thanks for following me maite great to see you saturday .	1
he fancied rolling the ball to zlatan on the edge of the box early on and then he totally fucked up for psg s st goal . . .	2
shawn literally is like show tomorrow ! tickets on sale right now go get them like thanks for the warning . . .	0
devil inside u c the exorcisism of emily rose u c wrong turn u c see no evil with kane and friday the th .	0
 nd day in new york and i found great deals on authentic gucci and louis vuitton wallets both sold on street corners by nice foreign fellows	1
hmmm hes not like a rock but its just hard to tell if he gay or str even if hes gay i may not be his type . . .	0
pics the kbc episode on sony on november . a treat for all the big b and srk fans . fb	0
if arsenal don t sign anyone on deadlineday wenger should have to give the entire kanye west vma speech tomorrow .	0
just wanted to let you know that tvd was amazing tonight ! ! ! only the th episode and it was so intense ! loved it ! 	1
happy birthday prince george ! we hope that you re having a lovely camping themed birthday party princegeorge	1
primavera bologna milan tomorrow milan after a loss to cesena and a won over verona u c the primavera side get . . .	0
peter at pm at the main branch of the new york public library on th avenue . . . kurt cobain 	0
thor may be sexy and he knows it but i m to sexy for my shirt .	1
the emotional rollercoaster that is watching the entire th season of game of thrones in a single day has come to an end .	1
just used my legendary google cardboard to watch the crimsonpeak trailer for the th time and paul mccartney performing live and let die	0
there s a day for everything today is international talk like a pirate day and the th anniversary of the . . .	0
 rawcl monday night run with seth rollins	0
rt i saw kayvan novak tonight aka phonejacker aka the guy from the film four lions . st thing i said to him was rubber . . .	0
i can t believe the first semi final of melodifestivalen was just yesterday . can we press fast forward to teamdanny	0
the xfactorusa result u s show will be aired in the philippines tomorrow night ! will definitely be in the top ! good night !	1
duffy vs . poirier set october th if he loses to another irishman conor mcgregor will eat him up alive on social media .	1
i wanted him on the blackhawks so much . instead the blue line has no depth . kruger is unsigned . kane may not play . .	0
lil sis is going to bed late as she has an inset day tomorrow and wants to watch styled to rock not got the same ring to it x	0
cun . me and william are going to enrole tomorrow for our new course 	1
sooo on at northglenn tomorrow morning at you down	0
i want to go see twenty one pilots give me a sunday lolla ticket . and a friday one for paul mccartney	1
jennifer lawrence arriving back at lax airport after being in the uk for the bfi screening of serena oct th 	0
muchoforex new post utilities stocks u c including kinder morgan u c making big moves on august . . . . read it now at	0
the only place to be for tgif this friday is muson shell hall for friday nite live . don t miss it . it s almost . . .	0
so we get to see it in ireland tomorrow on e news . can t wait . congrats on the little bun in the oven amazeballs x	1
can bernie sanders really beat hillary clinton in iowa ? excellent summary of the sanders campaign .	0
i haven t seen any of the sharknado movies but i m guessing it s sort of like this .	0
with ks on pitches will david price get the th ? he s been incredible tonight ! bluejays leading 	1
aye mah dude did you tell alondraa abouut going to the bell game tomorrow ?	0
retweet favorite if you want to see masked kane sting and the rock return this sunday at summerslam ! wwefamily	1
exhausted after a long day at wppi u c but ready to do it again tomorrow !	1
the rd goal scorer of mauritania just became messi right there passing five defenders . . . .aowa bafana bafana	1
look for monday u s edition of the record for full package of stories u c photos and more about friday u s plane crash	0
good win for nufc . nine changes to sunday u s team and still doing well . got to keep this going now . nufc	1
john cena may have been injured tonight at a wwe live event .	2
even more excited for the weekend now . . . .super sunday with the wonderful spurs . . . . .curtis dean any predictions ?	1
i u m watching thursday night football between the tampa bay buccaneers and the minnesota jared allen	0
one for rd eye arsenal v olympiakos vermalen falls off the crossbar into the olympiakos goal around th minute	0
friday yearbook ordering deadline ! your child is going to want one of these u c and they are so easy to order online 	1
katy perry s last friday night is the soundtrack to my life and i so wish i was joking	1
how is the new patch i ask because i am away from my xbox till sat	1
dude paper towns tomorrow at . i ll dm you the location . let me know if you re available or not .	0
 tosses empty beer bottle through the sun roof of a parked lexus and continues on my way 	2
finally the grammies give some more attention to the artistry of hip hop . good job kendrick on having the nd most nominations ever . 	1
we get a nd christmas in february with kendrick and coles collab album	1
 redsox extra bases varitek named assistant to the gm the red sox on thursday named jason varitek as a special . . .	0
seth rollins opens tonight s raw results 	0
can someone txt me reply me if we get any swr related news tonight i ll be at young adults at church so no internet .	0
john kasich has had a good first week as a presidential candidate . vaults the pack to rd in nh	0
free tickets for the national day of prayer w pres . noynoy .call look for mae . nov am at the smart araneta coliseum .	0
as generally invoked islamophobia describes the fear by msm that after a terrorist attack we may hate muslims .	2
kesha is a survivor . she s been through so much . this court case may be the one thing holding her from freedom .	0
the donations for niall s guitar and letters to go into his guitar is closed because the guitar is being dropped off tomorrow	0
jen meehan becomes the th official iron maiden by successfully completing one repetition of the pistol pull up . . .	1
when you re as bad at campaigns as scott walker you should just give up	2
if you were on i would have suggested a song . . . it s raining today by scott walker . maybe saturday ?	0
just announced jose aldo vs conor mcgregor on december only if they could get ronda rousey vs cris cyborg on that card .	1
hello tiger family . do the tigertwirlchallenge and post a video of you doing the tiger woods twirl . winner will be announced tomorrow night	1
just got my official offer letter from ibm ! th january start . sooooooo many forms to fill in to accept it but i cannot wait	1
i say either june th or th we play hooky from work and check out the red sox and giants in sf	0
when was the last time we ve had a subpar monday night raw ? tonight looks to be no different ! seth rollins is gold .	1
motorola rolls out moto xpress doorstep after sales service after launching the much awaited moto g rd ge . . .	0
i almost bought a john cena lunch box on tuesday idk if i should buy it	0
heartbreaking situation for muslims in china . may allah make it easy for them .	2
women s volleyball liu post bentley final falcons fall in despite kills from buscher . back at it at am tomorrow morning	0
lol thats dedication mind you i have paid for bioshock infinite in june and thats not out till feb lol	1
am i the only one thinking that kpop used to be so fun back then ? i mean the nd generation was the best .	0
i shall now spend the rest of the night on netflix . addiction	0
khader adnan may be released u c but the struggle continues . u c palestinians are on an open ended strike as of today to mark prisoner day .	2
some bad news for those who have pc games with drm you may want to think twice about upgrading to windows 	0
taylor kitsch is all i need . . yeah see you tomorrow big guy . can t wait for bieksa s charity game	1
time for the sun to set at pm and bask in twilight until am the next day ! d	1
simuladores de golf tiger woods misses cut at british open tiger woods looks on from the th green during th . . .	0
during th sense audio launch ramcharan said it is our bad luck that a director like arm didn t born in ap !and it created a riot among tfi !	2
fact in the week after released his rd album titled dirty sprite gucci noticed a increase in flip flop sales	1
i dont know if this match is live btwn anderson amp murray but murray take the rd set . . .he s kinda frustrated but still . . .go andy ! ! ! usopen	1
i have the moonlight sonata rd movement in my ipod and i listen to it when i need to relax	1
a lexus in oct works for allege undercover fbi agent midnight note my neighbor across the street from my home on kenbrook have lexus	0
mommy says she can print it small put it right on october . how is lily doing ?	0
watching annabelle tonight sorabh pant and sahil shah tomorrow . good weekend plans .	1
view from the valley seymour schools to open friday	0
preparing copies to take to telford town centre tomorrow now . good excuse for a teensy shopping trip with daughter methinks !	1
anal tasering may be the future of corporal punishment . . . or just something kim kardashian likes in the bedroom . . .	2
tgi friday s was good ! going to the moves to see rise of the planet of the apes .	1
my money is on john cena . . and brock lesnar . . . two of the best matches you ll get to see on sunday ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !	1
almost another warriors collapse in the rd u c but they were able to pull through and get the w	0
only good thing going right now is my david bowie raccoon hat comes in on saturday	1
i m finally going to get to see rise against ! who else is going to riot fest on saturday ? !	1
what did you think of derby tonight sav ?	0
my dad just asked him to join him in february on a business trip to iran . . . ummm what u think ?	0
testing out the moto g rd gen . motorola hellomoto	0
yeah johnkerry said the charlie hebdo attacks may have had legitimacy or at least a rationale . dude needs to stop . parisattacks	2
got amazon last thursday got ios last night but the update isn t showing in google play store yet . . .	0
headed to the honda classic in florida airport fast park red lot 	0
super eagles goalkeeper carl ikeme is the only player sunday oliseh has in this flat footed team	0
if he truly loves his party boehner should be doing all he can to schedule obama s address on the same night as the gop debate .	0
can you rip it auditions tomorrow msa fair baa party cross the movie weekend	0
 onedirection are breaking up following zayn s departure . but a founder exiting shouldn t mean the end of a business	0
bravely second being the end of feb also has a knock on effect on march too . will probably be too busy with it for twilight princess hd .	0
i u m waiting for the entire troy football team to pile out of the new music building tomorrow night and pillage the streets of knoxville .	0
hearing taco bell makes me want taco bell . i hate you now . can we all go to taco bell tomorrow ?	2
new york reuters gay and civil rights activists gathered in downtown brooklyn on thursday to condemn the prosecution of the chief . . .	0
i want to watch dance academy but i want to sleep . sleep wins i ll watch dance academy tomorrow	0
you guys u c is going to have fried thin mints and tagalog ice cream tomorrow .	0
a monday without teen wolf is a monday with less stress and anxiety	1
the fact that i have two exams on sunday and two exams on monday and i m watching twilight for the twentieth time on mbc 	0
love it when you have bale first scorer u c nd time in a week loveit	1
new nigeria boss sunday oliseh is in the crowd at wembley and one of his super eagles victor moses is now on the pitch . . . afcvcfc	0
 sos won taylor amp nicki had a duet nicki looked like she wanted to beat the crap out of miley . waking up to this monday is good for once !	1
jarryd hayne the australian rugby star seattle seahawks may bring to the nfl the guardian blog the guard . . .	0
if the iphone doesn t come out on september th i m suing steve jobs . . .i can t put up with the motorola razr much longer . .	2
bad blood is at pop radio for the th consecutive week ! !	1
tryna just chill u c get a lil tipsy and maybe hit up the mall friday ? downn	1
david beckham gets sweet tribute to wife victoria as he remembers year they got married with new . . . may . . .	1
did you know that ryan braun was trending topic on monday for hours in milwaukee ? trndnl	0
i may be as excited for the martian as star wars and batman vs superman and just behind captain america civil war .	1
all i know is i m going to see sam smith tomorrow . . like i honestly do not care about anything else in this world . .	1
awesome thursday meeting ! ! ! mike d . rocked the house ! double tree by hilton 	1
if the rumours i m hearing are true this next batch of nxt hires may actually be better than the nxt kliq owens balor itami zayn neville 	0
the urgent need for campaign reform may be the only common ground lefties like me have with donald trump .	0
do i want to go and see james bay march th and then the vamps april st ? well yeah actually . .	1
de biasi coach alb ronaldo better keeps quiet tomorrow or messi will get my vote for the ballon d or this time . 	0
happy th birthday god bless you ! hope god makes aoo your dreams come true ! love you ! happy swift day !	1
last match of the tour noindvwi simply outstanding dramatic dharamsala ! india overs indvwi th odi . . .	0
 raises hand rt tomorrow by the winans is on my heart so heavy this morning . . . wonder who needs to hear it !	0
lmaoo ! gonna have to fight me now . . . think ima wear my warriors gear tomorrow just cause . . . lol	1
until dawn worth the buy ? going to pick up my ps tomorrow	0
ss but they have really good music and it u s a very sad thing that mitch lucker died may he rest in peace ripmitchlucker	2
crowd singing to the referee utd fans may remember martin atkinson games at the bridge that went against them .torres never a red tho .	0
just finished watching ted it was really good can t wait ted tomorrow night x	1
christians shouldn t have to make deals to defend their religious beliefs ever ! !	2
drexel classes are cancelled monday and tuesday . .now i just need work to be cancelled . .	2
i have the worst urge to watch jurassic world for the th time in theaters someone make it stop	2
kim kardashian and kanye west welcomed their son saturday morning and the proud parents couldn t be any more thrilled that baby west has	1
in december israel started it s war on gaza with a massacre killing more than palestinian in one day	2
new shepard fairey print oh susannah will be released october th via . check it out !	0
i m so excited about tomorrow !get to dress up as a witch for the little kids at my job then pac and biggie smalls at night with oomf	1
going to ace tomorrow u s paper with no mercy at all	1
i was watching the show today was awesome show congrats to melissa mccarthy so excited for her last night ! love you both !	1
tonights friday family movie night is journey u c the mysterious island ! looks promising !	1
thank you sir jonathan on another note curtis tomorrow with bryce quandel and i ?	0
ask bill whine about tom cruise in tropic thunder that was awesome but not too many may have seen it !	1
we may not all trust in donald trump . but he is the only choice we have to makeamericagreatagain . we have to take a stand . trump 	1
not to worry trump won t remember it tomorrow . but think about the ramifications of using this kind of language about angela merkel .	2
a close nd is playing nothing but rse on my drive to soundset from california . then nothing but rse on the way back .	2
dustin johnson having a complete meltdown on the st hole on the green in or i ve lost count . pgachampionship	2
if you re going to lolla tomorrow . . .please don t be stupid and miss paul mccartney for the weeknd .	0
melinda may can lift the mjolnir and use it and she ll just say she s doing her job . at some point thor lifted her . yep he s dreamy 	1
momentum spurred on by the ira terrorist supporter mcdonnell won t give up . they are violent amp don t respect free sp	2
it s gonna be a lot of walking running and jumping on the tops of sticks . . may just want to get a gun and learn jiujitsu	2
football giants leeds united take on rotherham this friday at be sure to be here to watch it . no doubt it will be a classic . lufc	1
feeling down this monday ? check out this guy who dressed as baby prince george for a week it might cheer you up !	1
bro get that fafsa done tomorrow u c last day .	0
kendrick lamar made history as the nd most grammy nominated artist in a single year trailing just behind michael jackson topimpabutterfly	1
vote for which song you want to hear tomorrow at pm ! btw hedley will be here in town tomorrow night along . . .	0
chelsea transfer news mourinho confident he will get john stones . . .	0
tuesday is the best day of the week . briana s deli san pedro belize pigtailtuesdays briana s deli	1
selection monday ! right up there with selection sunday . ncaabaseball	1
 newtopic brewers vs . reds sunday game report ryan braun hit . with six doubles a triple five . . . brewers	0
late friday meet was just to clear air u c says bjp a day later sources said the rumour about gadkari quitt . . . india	0
if cundiff would u ve made the field goal sunday u c i could u ve been eatin u a free in sub at subway for lunch !	0
are you ready for our new app launch tomorrow ? build binaries for ios android windows phones and tablets . . . .	1
nonstop music for you ! now u sunday bloody sunday it s holland international at	0
beep beep . . . ! yep murray and federer into the top . phew ! see you tomorrow !	1
another championship move by tom brady holding his first media availability on the sunday of labor day weekend . minimizes the impact	0
jeremy ausmus eliminated in th place after he gets it in on the turn w a straight draw to sylvia s top pair and sylvia holds	0
all i ve done today is eat blue bell ice cream and get emo over my ed sheeran concert tomorrow . and honestly i m okay with that .	0
get paid on friday and all i can think about wanting to do is go to the cinema to watch ant man too many good looking films coming out	1
this was classic . you may have sold your soul to the devil but your ass belongs to brock lesnar raw but the undertaker ain t no joke	1
start your week off right . monday night is food trucks at art park . click the link for all the info . . .	0
happy friday everyone . except you gandhi . because you re dead . hahahahahahaha	1
still so sad i m not going to ed sheeran the th 	2
all the best my champ . . i hope u will rise above seth rollins . love u	1
if the nfl wants better thursday games they ll need to get qbs other than christian ponder and ryan fitzpatrick playing ugly blowout	2
you may ask jarrica what are you doing at am ? ? ? ! ! ? i am listening to as the world falls down by david bowie . . . . .so yeah	1
 imf iran s economy faces serious risks i am afraid the downside . iran gdp may be withdrawn after the cont 	2
ac dc tomorrow at ford field . someone is going to be tired on the second day of th grade . butitshisfavoriteband m m 	1
the creed of the khawarij who made takfeer on muslims on less then sins ! you may answer oh dawlah has the evidence and i trust then i	0
i have a feeling shawn s going to hit million followers on twitter tomorrow . . . . . . . .	0
aww im pissed cause i cant download unbroken on youtube anymore sigh u c and im also going to the cinema tomorrow d	2
so edge of tomorrow is what starship troopers meets groundhog day ? glad i forgot tom cruise was in it or i d not have watched it . 	0
who wants a free gift certificate ? come in tomorrow for national hot dog day and for every you spend . . .	1
 alabama live lsu u s les miles discusses saturday u s showdown with alabama video lsu	0
 no one is dropping an album at today s apple event . free trial period ends sept . if anything it ll be after to encourage renewals .	0
any chance floyd mayweather is going to announce his opponent for september th ?	0
per comments . the lions just lost the next tom brady when they cut moore . earlier today it was drew bree s . tomorrow it s y .a . tittle .	0
 joseph prince fb jesus is not present to find fault with you today . you may have been raised in . . .jesus is n . . .	1
he then said kendrick lamar will be the a huge rapper . he may be a genius	1
can . i keep in my perut k ? btw you should come to hat yai fri sun short getaway . not bad y know	1
like is he going to be making david price nd and rd arb year money ?	0
i see . well illegal is illegal . on muslims you may have meant islamic extremists . but i make assumptions .	2
the marching band is playing the rd quarter dance song right now and i can hear it from my class . i gotta do it u c can u t stop . . .	1
frank ocean it is july th my nigga where yo album at ? do we even get a single ? ? ?	0
this is a harper worth looking forward to . go set a watchman s st chapter stuns fans with bombshell plot twist	1
rt real to sign neymar in december report bangkok post real madrid has reached a deal with santos to sign gift . . . h . . .	0
there is a drum school for music in rd ward on wichita st . i will get the name later	0
sadly the vokle live webcasting site isn t functioning reliably . i ll video tape wednesday s runnin nekkid . . .	2
berlusconi on september th my old milanista heart didn t allow me to sell the club . we ll control milan forever . 	0
ayyye i just purchased my ed sheeran tickets for tmrw but i may not even go	2
get exactly what you want . . . incredible art gallery th and curtis ! denver disney disneyfineart	1
i m crushed it s a hoax jay z and beyonce aren t trying to buy rights to the confederate flag via	2
if un members cud agree on keeping pll with criminal charges out of central govt it may catalyze creation of special courts for vips	0
monday hatha yoga . chris dropped in to give a bit of yang balance to the yin in the room from helen gabi . . .	0
anybody want tickets to the chris brown concert on wednesday . bucks each and they are in section . lemme know !	1
ahhhh ! loving this new ic champion ! wish i could see it happen this friday . crossing my fingers that he has a match at summerslam !	1
 white collar returns on tuesday u c january at c . can u t wait to see it 	1
my song of the year kendrick lamar momma . my verse of the year the nd verse of momma . you d only understand if u know me	1
the eid falls last friday though it s done i am thankful alhamdulillah to have this additional info knowledge .	1
thanks sister ! have a great st day in nebraska ! pilove rt hope you have the most amazing time on your european adventure ! ! 	1
cool ! a tiny milan apartment with a magical disappearing kitchen via design decor organize wednesday .	1
me and did a popptartvision based big brother simulation and kaliopi won this proves she s queen of everything . esma got nd .	1
if atleti and valencia tie this game and we win tomorrow we ll be nd in the league	1
paul dunne cards final round to go from leading theopen to finishing as th best amateur . still at least it didn t cost him anything .	0
also if you want people to buy the game on the november th you need to do what you did for ps and they had no issues ! ! ! ! ! ! !	0
just watched edge of tomorrow really enjoyed it . best thing tom cruise has done in ages .	1
the foo fighters are at bt murrayfield stadium next tuesday night . book a table with is for dinner or drinks . . .	0
finally a fantasy and gay novel omg you can get it for free ! ! 	1
momma goes to bama tomorrow but i am going over to mackenzie s house later momyoubettagetmethatshirt 	0
we still have to work the wvu game on saturday thats going to be brutal .	2
gop hopeful kasich files for st in the south primary ohio gov . john kasich on monday landed the endo . . . hinews	0
euro cup and burger n beer sound like the perfect recipe for a tuesday afternoon . stone brewing on special all day !	1
dup want bloody sunday soldiers arrested no wonder the ira controlled sinn fein clapped dup leader peter robinson .	2
uhh ps and ps but like the nd smaller editions and a ps gb . i wanna ps but nothing is out that i wanna play yet you ?	0
 grace means you give something they may not deserve u c but you give it to them anyway . joseph prince	0
 a young savage named suadonte wright was born u c i love you baby may your soul rest i miss you donnnn !	1
first day since april th that i haven t worn my apple watch and quite by accident . the day of glancing at an empty wrist begins .	1
this from on yakub hanging makes some valid points . you have to think about what you dole out to others .	0
oct habibur shiekh most wanted operative of the terror module and trainer at the simulia madrassa arrested by nia burdwanterror	0
happy friday ladies ! ! i m working from my gorgeous airbnb in venice beach today ! this is what it looks like to . . .	1
happy monday ! the winners of our foo fighters competition will be announced today ! who will be going to their . . .	1
insult the government pay a fine . insult millions of indigenous aussies lgbt muslims . that s a tuesday for the government c auspol	2
good day today blessed now watching on comedy central ! ! ! lol love him ! ! !	1
playing all day to prep for tomorrow u s concert at fort canning . go u c baby u c go go !	1
rt espn mlb cameron maybin starting to see the sun	0
stephen colbert s first late show was tuesday night . it was awesome . clooney stewart fallon bush trump it . . .	1
ice cube s n .w .a diss makes drake s meek mill diss sound like it was written by an th grader . geez .	2
it s a foo fighters friday on the wolf . . fast freddie has your chance to win tickets all afternoon . when you . . .	1
im just excited to see messi tomorrow	1
old school green day and sum playing at work . i just might make it through the night	0
david price and josh donaldson lead blue jays in victory over the los angeles angels on friday night . mlb	0
i see you u re in dallas a fan of a ap rocky u c email us att for a great oppo to attend show at hob on fri !	1
gucci down to the socks like i m biggie poppa . babbbyyyy !	1
i wish the nhl and nhlpa to come to an agreement so i can go to dallas to see my dallas stars in march	1
guy at t mobile ok so just call the store tomorrow and ask for me so we can set up the phone ! me the next day what the fuck was his name .	2
john kasich on isis immigration cbs news correspondent major garrett sat down with governor john kasich to d . . .	0
explore the work of jeff carter a writer u c photographer u c chronicler of life in the bush . coming up on artscape u c aug 	0
like rugby iron maiden and ale ? course you do ! we have at rodney parade beer festival this weekend ! start fri pm !	1
happy to report kez has qualified for crufts for the nd year in a row .	1
yoga is the only reason i get up early on sunday	1
everybody wanna be christians on sundays but what about monday saturday ?	0
just saw your top managers on espnfc martinez above ancelotti and del bosque ? ! also rodgers at th ? im a lfc fan but wow	1
i actually drove him in ps at monaco crashed nd lap . oh naldo where have you gone ? italiangp	0
hard to be excited about eric church at wefest for the rd time in years . does literally no one else want to headline ? !	2
sorry joe but the only way this team finishes th in the big ten would be major injuries to valentine harris and tum . . .	2
hi elif greetings from usa midwest how is school going ? happy turkish republic day ! i can u t wait for nov newglee yes !	1
i don u t doubt the nd coming will be in jerusalem and missouri u c but when is it due ?	0
if you think kanye west would be a good president you probably scored below a on your sat	2
spoke to giles clarke yday about icc s global tv rights deal with star . read his thoughts and our analysis in tomorrow .	0
harrowingly fawning article about george osborne warning may cause severe nausea 	2
tony blair to speak to jerusalem fpa tomorrow friday . now that he is no longer quartet rep will he speak his mind on the conflict ?	2
regardless of how courageous caitlyn jenner may be he still makes an ugly ass women lol	2
laugh a little national herald case sonia gandhi and rahul gandhi may have to aooesr at the courts here is . . .	1
you have to admit he s pretty adorable ! happy birthday prince george 	1
 k votes per minute . we can get the st position again c mon monsters . we can do it . mtvstars lady gaga	1
gr now my whole tl is gonna be filled w the new iphone tomorrow . 	0
tomorrow i ll be at kids club orientation and then in the pit at the sam smith concert . this makes me so happy .	1
best of luck to at illinois state tonight ! domination of the nd half of the mvc season starts tonight ! rolltimber	1
maybe that s a weird st message to ever send you aside from nicee on your drawings but that is a lot of gay	2
i liked a video jeff hardy returns to raw to confront seth rollins and the authority raw july 	1
rly want ice cube and o shea jackson jr . to star in a new version of freaky friday because also friday	0
just ordered your amanda knox book rt looks like judgment day is oct or . amandaknox	0
who had the better black friday record j cole or kendrick lamar ?	0
an incredible day in west liberty u c ky . a small but strong community moving forward after march tornadoes .	1
will ky play in rupp for the and rd rounds of the tournament . plz reply	0
amazon rainforest lungs of the world has lost a th of its trees in decades	2
national hot dog day is tomorrow ! celebrate w food vegas yum	1
nooooo they delayed the knicks and nets game until monday !	2
i like to think that somewhere in the mid atlantic u c george clooney u s looking at the skies and muttering that this may be the perfect storm . .	0
prince george may be a little reptilian fuck who s from a family of inbreds but he s bloody adorable cos he dresses like an old man	2
quest for fire iron maiden because we ve lost the sun and we must find it soon .	0
tomorrow october il divo is presented in the valence forum here in venezuela ! and i u m not going hahaha	2
brian cushing may want to retire after missing that tackle .	2
vice president joe biden will meet with senior advisors tomorrow . wh did not provide a location .	0
taking in refugees may sound compassionate but it s actually giving away syria to saudi arabia not compassionate at all	2
grateful dead open nd set with cold rain and snow via	0
ted nugent said it best when he was recently asked what is america u s single worst problem ? apathy . i u d argue ignorance is a very close nd .	1
hold me thrill me kiss me kill me by u was no . in the uk charts on august 	0
finally on the th attempt anderson wins the second set serving his th ace for the match to lead sets to love against murray .	0
george osborne it s adorable that you media person think this gov t would do anything to help greece .	0
sometimes i wonder how kendrick lamar doesn t suffer from rd degree burns in his mouth with how he s always spitting fire blackfriday	2
how will i know sam smith may be the greatest thing i ve ever heard	1
nothing better than listening to the magic mike xxl soundtrack on a saturday channingswag dembeats	1
louis niall harry liam zayn auditioned as solo artists on the x factor the boys became d and now their on their th album millionmemories	0
do more with less george osborne says with talk of more cuts . you do less with less and guess who suffers ?	2
yeah i love nicki and yeah miley may have said something but miley has a point journalists always manipulate what is said nicki just	1
how strange in tia sharp s case and now april the police have a man helping with inquiries yet they can t conclude what has is happened	2
hey i m coming to see you on the th of april in milan ! ! can t wait !	1
update shawn will be reuniting with jack and jack tomorrow confirmed by jack gilinsky ! 	0
when i get a moto g rd gen i will drop a brick on my samsung gnex filmed from multiple angles in fps and make it into a cardboard vid	0
 eng under investigation after fielding players in the nd half . turns out kane s mate joined him on the pitch	2
youve done bob u s great u c the pacific great u c now how about one following the th usaaf u c th squadron b u c capt . klingler ? ? ?	1
the lights will go out at gampel and calhoun will slide to midcourt on a wire saturday to try to fire up the crowd .	0
is there a contest for ed sheeran ? im flying to nashville to see him for the th time amp would love to finally meet him	1
it appeared to be business as usual in the red sox dugout sunday except for the fact pitcher he . . . via app	0
interesting tea trivia tea is the nd most consumed beverage in the world	1
josh hamilton catch top of the th . sctop 	0
did not know about national hot dog day . enjoy one with a craft brew at sun up brewing co .	1
cowboys gone beat the falcons sunday night	1
color take on the head doodles from wonderwoman wednesday . from a while back only have the iphone photo though 	1
ok . foul play on ps is pretty crazy fun got a hit combo and a helluva adrenlaine rush out of the st level !	1
fec approves n . bn for abuja roads rehabilitation the federal executive council on wednesday approved the sum . . .	1
c mon in ! we d love for you to stay since islam and arab culture is the foundation of merica obama	1
el cor aug am edt is militants call on muslims . . . and the blame game continues its about isis not turkey	2
when you remember that tomorrow is monday but teen wolf isn t on	2
december lady gaga at the airport jfk in new york	0
jenna is gonna meet shawn tomorrow . . . and she s getting me a video jdkkflf	0
david cameron tony blair s useful idiot . all began with a hanging chad in ad . 	2
so excited to see holiday market at twilight on the list ! join us tomorrow from pm !	1
west indies go home after the dharamsala th odi . no fifth odi . no one off t . no three test series . shokingnews indvswi	0
the sun earth the lakers jay z oprah and whoppers	1
house of cards author says my treatment raises disturbing questions about the inner workings of the bbc .	0
prep football brighton and northglenn put on their track shoes friday night . . . and the bulldogs outran the norse .	0
catching the nd half of munich v . leverkusen now bundesliga	0
the vamps are coming to belgium again april th next year ! they haven t announced it yet themselves but it s definitely confirmed !	1
listening to muse like crazy till i see them u c then straight onto evanescence and the who for november th u c sounds good	1
sometimes you have a monday and a half . for those days i rely on sam smith and jack daniels .	0
if angela merkel fainted at bayreuth tristan it may be the only thing she has in common with emmanuel chabrier	0
boy said i m coming too ihop tomorrow too ! i said come on lol he said what time . i said lmao	1
anybody with a pass wanna go to disneyland with me tomorrow ? lol	0
gay af just remembered i have to work early tomorrow lmao	2
i told my homie if i was a naruto character i d be the st hokage he replied well now i m madara .	0
we may say this . but on the othor hand some muslim thekedar supports terrorists like yakub like a hero .	0
pampers baby dry size diapers economy pack plus count was the most popular selling grocery item on ash wed . . .	1
i won t have service this thursday friday because my contract with t mobile is ending so i have to wait to get a new one on friday	0
deplorable and wrong headed comments by bristol s only ukip councillor . i hope he loses his seat in may and ukip fold	2
all right . is hodgson still thinking of coming to loftus road to watch the liverpool game ? is he not afraid that rodgers may embarrass him ?	2
 years since the release of one of the greatest songs of the s like a rolling stone . bobdylan anniversary	1
hello ! i want to pass along this post video on yoga for runners your followers may find it helpful !	0
hulk hogan hit rock bottom friday when he was fired by wwe . the national enquirer reported racist comments that hogan	2
ben affleck with before thursday practice spartandawgs	0
if yall are interested in the gucci foams coming out this weekend we releasing them on friday at foot locker columbia	0
i u m talkn all black party on the th then vip all nite saturday at sky . . . . family n friends will be in da building . . . .we gon shut sky down	0
on this day in september raw roman reigns vs . randy orton	0
up next we u ll be joined by sunderland striker louis saha as we continue to build up to safc v lfc at the stadium of light tomorrow evening	0
 hug the hell out of niall when i meet him on saturday hopefully 	1
how about a silver gilt medal as in chelsea flower show for the people who ve tried hard and come rd ?	0
steve jobs and dr . king on the same level ? ! ? ! nah . . . c u mon kanye . .	2
i cant take it any more im so excited for sunday night john cena in the smash down of his life ! !	1
my mood is ruin thanks to naruto . have to wait for next thursday for the next episode	2
i will be oddly satisfied if the red sox can finish the season in rd place in the division .	1
we also provided prepix and the managers with a common korean energy drink . hopefully it ll awaken them a little tomorrow !	1
girl i been in timmonsville since may th and yayyy you miss me lol	1
doing it big for nd birthday with thanhnii hallowe mgm grand at foxwoods	1
would you like to be a monk ? c mon lets go get drunk . do you think paul mccartney is okay ? we re from rolling stone so it s okay . l .r .	0
amazon prime day is today more deals than black friday . eligible amazonsmile purchases earns us . when you shop	1
a ap mob are at fucking earls court on the th for red bull culture class and its motherfucking sold out fucking fuck	2
i do believe trayvon may be innocent or may not u c but i don u t like it when people gin up mobs hate even if they don u t mean to .	2
september day mostly sunny early turning mostly cloudy with chance t stms after pm . after pm some strong . highs .	0
found the ice cream in slackers in page just now . loved the drive to page martian landscapes ! monument valley tomorrow	1
did you know that rahul gandhi was trending topic on thursday for hours in hyderabad ? trndnl	1
invitation and so did the majority . islam is by the heart . may allah guide u	0
 where can i find the list of which best buy stores will be selling the apple watch on friday ?	0
and george are you going to the paley tomorrow ? ? ? i am d yr 	0
so buying a ps tomorrow . comes with arkhamknight . any recommendations for a nd game ? quite like the look of the last of us . . .	0
is hillary starting her campaign over again for the rd time ?	0
absolutely though must say i m not confident of milan s chances tomorrow night given the way they ve played of late . . .	2
don u t forget to see u the exorcist u at the fox theatre on tuesday ! there u s nothing like seeing it on the big screen .	1
miss oklahoma wins miss usa trump is the elephant who wasn t in the room the miss usa pageant was held sun . . .	0
we ll see you on may in milan	0
i went through my old ipod nano and i still listen to the same music i did in th grade . .chili peppers green day the killers blink omfg	1
tony romo better be on point tonight ! don t have time to deal with his foolishness !	2
i love love love your music you ve worked really hard and you should come to detroit and i was in ontario today	1
nice one david cameron great news that and long may it continue . tightentheborders	1
will fabregas and sanchez will make their debut tonight ?	0
in manhattan ? please bring food batteries to the homeless residents of rfk apt east th st sandyvolunteer	0
and once again u c the first game james and me play in te latest k is heat vs knicks . for the nd year in a row . we always go back and fort	0
hello everyone ! i had a fabulous time in hermitage pa on labor day ! as you may or may not know i was in . . .	1
next friday is our movieonthelawn with jurassic world ! bring the fam ! we have fun games to play and popcorn !	1
news alarm tim byrdak p nym tim byrdak is going in for surgery with dr . david altchek in new york tomorrow . 	0
stop sry sep st is the correct ! a must buy in ps store ! i wish ps would have a wishlist betterpsn !	1
please justin follow me ! hope everyday ! je t u aime ! can wait to see u in paris for the st time ! je t u aime 	1
no problem . are you going to be at the rising stars game on saturday ?	1
hate to say it but paul dunne may not even be leading amateur . oliver schneiderjens in the clubhouse on for the tournament . . . theopen	0
hi dad ! happy birthday ! ! thanks what time is the game tomorrow ? okay bye . coach brian kelly remains focused even on his bday	1
i went to a remembrance service today for the st time and can say it was so touching .	1
yakub death may be unfortunate bt we shud respect sc s decision n not vitiate atmosphere in the name of religion yakubtohang yakubverdict	2
metropcs first to market with g rich communication services metropcs may not be the largest wireless carrier . . .	2
kanye west may not technically be a millennial but i think he d agree he s part of the greatest generation of all time . vmas vmabert	0
 rd day in a row catching my mom watching sophia grace and rosie obsessed shelikesrosie seriousfan	0
will evelyn ever finish her hw ? the world may never know	2
sharknado premiers tomorrow night just letting yall know	0
 lake day rule applies for bulls and bears on momo runs . lake red days discount expect a big push tomorrow	0
iight lemme stop bs ing ! over the hatch and down it goes ! my st prob last time drinking tequi the lair	0
getting emotional about naruto at am on a monday	1
just reading this review proves that the foo fighters simply rocked milton keynes !	1
i agree unfair . i d like to see the rousey fight st too . i don t see fight happening without cyborg thro backdoor	2
did you know only four batsmen has scored plus runs in th innings in tests tendulkar rahul dravid . . .	0
isis etc yes . but don t forget that without islam in europe the renaissance and our own freedoms may never have happened . . 	1
check out tonight u s fan racing show ! lot u s of talk about danica patrick you may be surprised by her stats . nascar	0
bit like edge of tomorrow film but in that tom cruise gets it right in the end unlike spurs	1
i plan on hunting for ben affleck all day tomorrow	0
kesha s camp speaks out on dr . luke abuse allegations following the news tuesday of kesh . . . party radio music	0
bowling tonight u c softball tomorrow u c moving saturday ! ! ! whoop whoop !	1
july . was paid out for jose g to have the exhaust manifold replaced in his nissan titan . . . .	0
arsenal fixtures out . . .i am going to target nov for my trip to emirates . north london derby . . .vs the spuds . liverintraining	0
jeb bush pretending he s a co front runner but he s in th place and carly fioriana bragging how she s in nd place in states . losers .	2
may why does rbb have a baby bottle ? me obviously something to do with louis unless niall got a golf club pregnant . 	0
 for george strait in march at the houston rodeo ? ! looks like i need to start saving ! 	1
azealia banks may find herself in another hot situation after she involved herself in the miley cyrus and nicki . . .	0
guess i m finally going to buy a ps on march th ! d uncharted	1
nothing fair about it . it was mostly unarmed civilians who were murdered by the ira the uvf amp by para on bloody sunday	2
how about you make a system that doesn t eat my friggin discs . this is the nd time this has happened and i am so sick of it !	2
i want one who s wants one chris rene tshirts th tmrw !	1
welcome back to the squad david wright who is batting th tonight . letsgomets	1
just hearing kane scored for england off to spain tomorrow it s great to be alive dubs	1
mlb news david wright returning to new york mets on monday to face philadelphia phillies much to the dismay . . .	0
do you know ?they may not but we u re so fond of all the countries . uh u chappy republic day .	1
sunday fns the debate did greatly change who i was seriously considering for the nominee . i now love carly fiorina .	1
gucci bags them sealed book june get the identical yours item toward joining versus journeyman sparking khvoakmlb	0
dear please release a mgs legacy collection on ps amp x . so that i may play all mgs games for the first time .	0
transformers prime is being syndicated to the cw network for their saturday morning cartoon programming block . very interesting .	1
wwe raw preview august taping sting john cena to be in the spotlight	0
if anyone wants to come with me to jason aldean tomorrow night i have a free ticket	1
allen ! ! ! are you gonna be at jason aldean tonight ? i missed you sunday at darius ! lol hope to see you tonight !	0
israel is finally going on the offensive . via	0
tomorrow is valentine s day ! if your guy doesn t hand you a warm still beating hobo heart he s just not ready for a serious relationship	1
windows brain damage this evening . apple should just buy microsoft and crush the life out of it . please .	2
go play with your children . i m making biscuits and listening to the grateful dead . sunday in america . i do appreciate you 	0
sasa will be having the first ever bhangra bootcamp on november th pm at cif ! only to learn from our very own nacs champions !	0
i keep hearing from people who don t support bernie sanders that they do so because he is a socialist . this may . . .	0
lazy torture ? sunday ! starting with some afterbirth and moving on to dark souls ii later . come say hi d	0
self tis july already . so proud of you for not falling for the amazon prime day sale gimmick ! other self d oh !	1
the colors most widely associated with hulk hogan ? red amp yellow black amp white the famous lines from the anti racism sunday school song irony	0
no issues if he is saving an innocent of any religion but yakub killed hundreds of innocent tomo bhushan may back isis too !	2
why are people hating on lp for their win ? it u s their night . and we u re gonna trend again anyways after we beat westlake saturday so save it	2
atlanta reuters u .s . vice president joe biden said on thursday he is still trying to determine whether he has the emotional energy to	0
ventura ca see you next wednesday night at the tavern w 	0
watchman on the wall obama and nato plan to attack israel in october wr 	0
dstv dumps vh from november and replaces it with the vh classic channel . something tells me cont 	0
paul mccartney shared official video of his sweet lollapalooza encore with brittany howard	1
report about sunanda s death inconclusive police new delhi oct delhi police said friday the forensic e . . .	0
in the pines in the pines where the sun don t ever shine i would shiver the whole night through . where did you sleep last night nirvana	0
listening to nirvana reminds me of how cool my string orchestra teacher is . she s my st period amp i m always pumped af to see her	1
i u m at a sweet th party now u c n saw someone that looks like song joongki . omo ! too bad u c he u s younger than me u c ahahah .	2
the open leaderboard love it hope paul dunne is top tomorrow ?	0
rip frank gifford . growing up in the watching him on monday night football . he was an nfl institution .	1
rt michaeling v a talking or tweeting about michael jackson a lot . examples i was michaeling all day today . 	0
tom brady and gisele may not divorce from him cheating but just settle for living miserably	2
i offer my sympathy to the frank gifford family . thank you for your years with the ny giants amp monday night football . rip mr . gifford .	1
 a decade later and still the lebron x u blue diamond u available in select stores tomorrow . these ! 	0
watching amy schumer live at the apollo makes me so excited for sunday when brings	1
joe biden for presient ? really ? he may be a nice guy but the man is a buffoon .	2
so many gr t things do n detroit ! get up get at it ! sun gonna shine bright ! yur presence makes da day brighter ! what s up n yur city ?	1
watch live streaming video of the pancake day activities tomorrow at make sure you . . .	0
dont worry ! we can stop at dunkin tomorrow and the coffee will wake ya right up shorty !	0
no jk . . wait when are you available ? ? ? ! ! ! rafa is pwede on friday and you said friday greenbelt . . am i roight ? 	1
i u m tryna see the pacer play the raps tomorrow urg paul george is my nigga	1
ibrahim ujah in starting xi for niger clash super eagles coach sunday oliseh has made six changes in the s . . .	0
everyday i m like shit is it the th yet ! ? did i miss the kiryu project ! ? gt lt 	2
ok u c party people u c who u s going to be at jeff timmons u last wired show tomorrow night ? show him some love if you u re in town ! 	1
check out the trailer for kunle afolayan s october st nollywood	1
if you guys will be in disneyland tomorrow can you check out pooh corner please ? i would really appreciate it ! 	1
this december th card is going to be loaded im hoping we get rousey tate and maybe fedor s return along with conor aldo ufc	1
kingpin saudi arabia posted a record billion budget deficit in due to the sharp fall in oil prices finance ministry said on monday	2
great article in rolling stone on rod picott . check it out ! i ll be interviewing rod on the august th episode . . .	1
studio tomorrow u c all i can think about . chillin with homies and working on new music	1
aglines roundup nebraskans may notice the nebraska our best to you logos in more locations across the state . . .	0
i remember seeing for the first time at his th album release party at hammerstein ballroom in nyc . . i was in heaven classic	1
me when i think of larry and the new year and the break but remember briana is due in february and babygate wont die	0
must get all my work done and ahead with cleaning my house before pm so i can have a night in with the sons of anarchy	1
no just no . this is after the charlie hebdo massacre . . . in january .	2
cheers lads everton is third today . . .oops i m reading the league table upside down !	0
amazing work directioners ! little things was number on the tonight ! can we do it again tomorrow ? challengeaccepted	1
did you miss the kendrick lamar and j cole subliminal disses to drake on their black friday jawn ? come on every da pissgod	1
 info tomorrow exo m will be going to nanjing via sotea 	0
kath . i hope you do enjoy the game last night . tomorrow has another game . go jlin !	1
kendrick went wild on black friday i m still amazed like i have to sit in silence for a minute after i hear it	1
two extra tickets to the red sox game tomorrow who wants to come ? dm or text me game is at 	0
there are no articles any more that dream about the cities of tomorrow . dr . neil degrasse tyson	0
so i didn t tweet about it yet but i went to go so the wwa concert movie on sunday with my mom bc my friends were all working hahaha	1
big with kevin u c deniesse u c devine u c and ryan sa kick off ng pbb teen edition on sunday u c april at pm . excitedmuch ! ! ! biggelontv	1
it u s known u c if you were born in november u c your parents were getting it in on valentine day !	0
being human is our number job . a responsibility . don u t you forget it . happy friday ! 	1
son . . .i left them so open . i got em hot and said u u can hear the rest of that poem on nov th at santos party house u lmao	0
both of webb ones made less money than the rd raimi one plus the success of marvel had sony scared i think	2
kup gets to drive the lexus all alone tomorrow . . he feels special . mycar hewants hecanthave	1
remember cameron promised you all this b the election st class treatment to a s should have voted ukip u were warned by farage	0
not to excited for what the satellites have to wear this friday game but it s all gucci at least we all actually match	0
and wichita wild still tied at the end of the st quarter .	0
i wish mitt quit all this lying about what they can do . if mr was such a great leader he would u ve sought a nd term in mass .	1
the guy at dunkin just said see you tomorrow because he knows that i m there every day	0
is there anyone going for ac dc concert on nov ?	0
can i peel it off tomorrow at digi	0
why am i watching sharknado for the rd time this weekend ?	0
sharknado tomorrow ! ? ? ? best day of my life	1
t mobile needs to change their name to t maybe because you may or may not have service	2
national hot dog day is coming up on july rd ! be one of the first customers on thursday july rd and get a . . .	1
kevin hart show at msg on november th is going to be beautiful	1
lol i m supposed to be going to milan tonight with my girl what are you up to tomorrow night	1
most anticipated mixtape of the year the juug man ! ! club crucial aug nd thur 	1
frank gifford have died due to a natural causes was years . if had continued alive had turned years the day th .	0
not wearing make up to dublin tomorrow until i u m getting ready for the party . help .	2
me when niall broke his leg for the th time	0
so living the figure life may be nice . . i think it may be neat . . mr . miyagi taught patience ! it will come !	1
like tomorrow i m going to get more ink my self and probably go see ben sollee play ! ha good day !	1
chief justice of india says he will constitute a bench to hear tomorrow yakub s plea against death warrant	0
watched ant man for the rd time for free technically because it s with family . 	1
seth rollins promo has been better than the first two hours of monday night raw	1
just realised . . . trip simmons skye may and coulson woulda made more girls than boys . . . then they got rid of jemma brought fitz back and	0
finally going to see ant man tonight then off to see rogue nation either tomorrow or sunday . looking forward to both .	1
happy friday ! ! !stephen colbert sings friday with jimmy fallon and the roots late night with jimmy fallon 	1
but on the bright side i bought myself a ticket to see sam smith in raleigh oct th	1
salat prayer nd pillar of islam is mentioned x in the quran .zakat charity rd pillar mentioned over x . . .	0
its friday i just might hit venice beach venicebeach	1
romeo santos gonna have something in the theatres november . .	0
jamming out to disney songs with my roommate a great way to start a friday	1
vienna reuters russia s envoy to the u .n . nuclear watchdog said on monday he expected a historic nuclear deal between iran and world	1
so chris christie rick perry and john kasich are fighting for their lives to make the gop debate on thursday . who will miss out ?	0
hi i have heard that they said mcpe update will come today august to ios but i cant see that there is the update 	1
last push ! last day of training before the break ! then i u m off to bkk on thursday ! !	0
last day to buy spc cards is tomorrow ! please support so we u re able to give you an awesome halloween !	1
i hope they re not suggesting calvin and zayn fighting because let s face it . . .zayn may be tiny but he s got fast hands	2
vanuatus th best dj and st place vanuatu handsome of the year is on the decks tonight at decca aka dj ideal lol	1
even with the loss of the dudes i think we ll feel better about hamels in december when the dodgers give david price million .	1
i m literally struggling as we speak i m traveling in march and i listen to soooo much kpop that it s past time !	0
going to the fair on sunday . .	0
bj penn vs . nick diaz replay on fueltv ! i u d pay to watch it a nd time !	1
delhi police says report about sunanda pushkar s death inconclusive delhi police said friday the forensic evi . . .	0
the daily zap all the action from wednesday u s six pack can be found right here in the daily zap .	0
i would be very surprised if a publisher skipped the xbox one due to ps selling more copies of rd party titles .	0
if it meant no scum mexicans muslims or africans could go there i would go to europe tomorrow	2
i love real friends and ptv and taking back sunday and fiatc and neck deep and knuckle puck and ymas and tonight alive and nirvana and	1
yes ! i love that brand . i have a mikasa one and a levi one coming . i don t have the bb ones yet though . i may get them .	1
exhibit b blind melon performing change on the day kurt cobain s body was discovered april 	0
well tonight is gonna be full of dexter lotr fifa and fantasy football . let s hope this isn t my college life .	2
official the first derby of the season between real madrid amp atletico madrid will be played on october . halamadridynadamas	0
current propaganda against erdogan in many ways comparable to the western enmity shown towards abdulhamid the nd .	0
turns into cupid in february becomes the easter bunny and does short stints as superman thor amp other characters	1
interview on vow fm tomorrow morning . . . do tune in and hear the kid out ! ! ! cc	0
i had a dream i went to another otra show but niall was sick and couldn t come so i just sat the whole time except during the fireworks	0
market meltdown on the spx is likely a rd wave nice try to stop the crash but they cant stop it now well dont look like it 	2
gonna be really sad if i wake up tomorrow morning and justin bieber is not under the tree	2
peace to you bibi may the almighty protect you and israel !	1
how have i known about frank ocean since th grade and i just now realize he is a baller and probably one of the most inventive dudes in rnb	1
jayalalithaa sets rules for party posters cracking the whip u c chief minister j jayalalithaa on saturday is . . . news	0
this image was taken at a huge demonstration in january after the charlie hebdo let s stand with paris again . . .	0
jose iglesias homers w the rays down in the th ? that s it i m calling it . pm time of death for tampa .	2
tgif is always better on friday . . .especially when the love of your life is looking exceptionally beautiful	1
i u m going tuesday to the house of blues to see a ap rocky	0
i added a video to a playlist jim rogers and glenn beck what to expect in the near future june 	0
tiger memon rang up family on july before yakub s hanging told his mother that he will take revenge cowardtigermemon	2
looking forward to watching the mackems smash the mags . roll on sunday .	1
obama s new book title years in the lap of erdogan how i helped islamo fascists kill innocent people 	2
a pound woman works to lose weight so she can start a family on emwl abc sunday at pm	0
money cash amp joe s tries to prognostic the ohio state game on saturday along with other cfb tilts 	0
i didn t evacuate when janet jackson s nipple exposed the power of the sun to an unsuspecting audience i ain t budgin now .	0
as you might have seen the great yorkshire show is cancelled tomorrow . all children in school at normal time please	0
grammy and caleb going freeport tomorrow chalee u c	0
israel s probably gonna go on strike tomorrow and i m screaming on the inside . . . . . . . i want to go home	2
paul dunne joint st in open . brilliant golf from the amateur . theopenchampionship	1
even sxsw last yr he was there the st days and went to dallas the day stump was there	0
pastor winans will always be cool wit me because u tomorrow u by the winans is one of my fav gospel songs ! and he sent my nippy home right !	1
inter ep edited and rtc edited for tomorrow ! can now get cracking on some footage for ep when its the milan derby ! !	0
xbox giveaway from gamespot . they are giving me points for doing this . they may give to you too . sorry .	1
cinch your saddle is live on amazon ! only cents until tomorrow evening .thank you gift !	1
wishes this happy occasion on eid a very happy eid mubarak ! may allah bring you joy happiness peace amp . . .	1
why is the st tee announcer screaming ? because it s tiger woods that s why .	1
ted was also a great movie recommend it . goodnight guys more tourneys tomorrow and a free entry payout one ! ! ! ! ! be on the lookout	1
you may not have known this but disneyland is home to a ton of cats that just live there . you see them lurking around sometimes .	0
friday night briana was riding some guy giving him a lap dance at the lounge we were at and i was either crying to fetty wap or sleeping	0
isn t that what a bruce jenner nephews call him ? ant man wins box office for nd weekend with . m	0
jurassic park collection with all the movies ! coming out in italy october th	1
last day of being today . although some arsenal fans would have had me at the day after my th birthday . . .	1
because that belief was actually law i could agree . tom brady believed he may have known about deflated footballs . . .	0
i know right ? i wanted to go today but mr . milan convinced me it would be too busy . maybe tuesday .	0
i was literally thinking we should do the same for fri sat nights . we spent the night in brissie for foo fighters	1
cotham gives up rbi single to josh hamilton but the unearned run was charged to someone else . he got his first two mlb ks escape th .	0
i think sadly that kurt cobain and philip seymour hoffman may have despite their grim deaths glamorized the drug	2
there s this video that s gone viral stating saudi gave the wrong information regarding eid ul fitr . apparently eid was on saturday 	0
steve just heard green day s time of our life for the st time since leaving florida and i burst into tears . i miss everyone . . . seymour	2
just been told by west point cop that dixie wont be open till friday u c morning or night he wasn u t sure yet .	2
i never had a good time u c i sat by my bedside u c with papers poetry about estella .	2
 years ago today dave stieb takes no hitter into th . white sox start th with back to back to back hr first off stieb . jays win 	0
that may be true but reagan did not increase the defect to this extent . this is absurd . you and i both will be paying	2
excited for sarah g . live u c and today is the th day of sarah g . day 	1
got a suggestion for a gk tomorrow that doesn u t cost over . ? ! ! . i want to replace krul .	0
briana s cousin is literally that th grade girl who just found out her that her laptop has a webcam	2
those of you that diss all anime for how naruto fans were like in the th grade you might want to reevaluate the whovian fandom just sayin .	0
for sequel question is if imtiaz ali ready to act as yakub . he played the same in black friday	0
the last lecture of the day on a monday to me is like pancake day for fat kids dreamy	1
tweet b d chat so it s all gud just wanted to find out if u will be in abj jan feb	0
my piece on mehdi hasan amp abortion on yes being pro life does make you less of a lefty 	0
 mlb brewers ryan braun will not be in the starting lineup for wednesday s game vs cleveland .	0
three hours of sleep would be a lot worse if it was monday . it s a sugar free red bull breakfast morning . tgif	2
thor was mcu s th movie the same will be when wonder woman hits theatres	0
hoya u c sungyeol and sungjong with bae yong jun . look . .sungyeol u s hand !	0
ok let s make it the th for a valentine s day anniversary	1
mariah carey celebrates her star with beacher s madhouse s jeff beacher ! via	1
happy saturday ! blue skies all around the port ! gallery open today am to pm . maineart lovekpt art curtis . . .	1
can t wait until thursday night for football and watch the best qb tom brady come out onto the field a starter and finally be free . gopats	1
lots of students interested in uk study at the dec fair in kyiv today	1
someone should point out to unionists amp loyalists that it is perfectly possible to investigate bloody sunday amp ira crimes at the same time .	0
can you imagine what a tory prison must be like ? imagine a young grammar schoolboy going in after his st fraud predatoryinmates etonmess	0
are having day saturday . want to go ? avs prospect michael clarke plays for windsor .	0
i m just ready for this weekend . tattoo friday . off saturday . jason aldean sunday . only things to look forward to .	1
please believe on sept th i will be in the theater watching kevin hart s new movie . . .	1
wilt chamberlain may be the best one	1
kris bryant with a solo shot to rf in the bottom of the nd the cubs amp brewers are now tied 	0
sunday itv pm jimmy mcgovern s docudrama hillsborough . harrowing but shows how media can question authority and bring about change	0
as they should be . obama is a muslim and may very well support isis . israel doesn t joke around with terror . kill them all	2
upgrading to windows may be the worst computer related decision i ve made since deciding to play neopets instead of going to class .	2
a fresh catch over my st column of on the gay crucible and the catholic church check it out !	0
what time will that be ? it u s already november in the philippines . should i sleep now at am or wait for that ?	0
don t forget the mount hot pools second soak n sounds tomorrow night featuring none other than fleetwood mac ! ! !	1
i have tickets to see the vamps on april st should i try to do a fan project with signs to hold up ?	1
i m afraid of murray though . . . he beat belluci with ease in the rd round . kevin s strong point is his serves !	0
and to think i wrote this dustin johnson tweet after the second round of the british open	0
anybody wanna go see kenny chesney and jason aldean tomorrow night with me and adriana ? ?	0
feel the warmth in the sky at first sight i felt the energy of sun rayysss	0
i ll changed my u n tomorrow and delete all the twts here . will make this account for kpop but more on bts exo teen pics . or watsoever .	0
assault on academic freedom ? ucla conference blames israel in october the university of california riversid . . .	2
many rumours floating about that harry redknapp may be interested in the blackburn job ? what do you all think ?	1
school starts tomorrow and i m still sad af about zayn louis is a dad and now this tf onedirection	2
 st . starve her of food for at least hours minimum . then let her take a shower while you watch an episode of the big bang theory .	0
long day tomorrow u c university of idaho and eastern visits !	0
fellas were giving out mormon bibles in cit on monday nobody took one . same on tuesday . today they tried to lure us in with sweets . . .	2
 thetideonthehits i can t wait to see them live in april with the vamps and hear their music ! ! ! !	1
have you ever noticed that the gay activists never go after muslims . . . ?	0
 . azhar ali u s vs england in the nd innings of the rd test in dubai wins best batting performance of the year by a pakistani in tests .	1
from the twitter just now from rndm rndm has a beef with pearl jam radio on channel . tune in thurs . . .	0
can t wait to see david wright tomorrow . take it easy david . we want you around . welcome back .	1
looks like may still be in the handset smartphone business ! surfacephone windows 	1
it is scary that kris bryant is the th best hitter on the cubs . .	2
after the mid tennessee vs . western kentucky game u c i hear they u re gonna play the nd annual ogalla u c nebraska snail chuckin u pageant .	0
during nap time i will watch the end of hart of dixie u c set up activity corner for tomorrow u c study more genetics stuff . hotdiggitydog	0
kanye west to replace frank ocean at fyf fest this saturday . if i had tickets i d be pissed and fuckin amped at the same time .	2
this week is social media week and tomorrow the lga are hosting a tweeterthon which i will be taking part in . follow me at work ourday	0
witsel s agent he wants to join acmilan he already talked with zenit .if milan is interested too he s ready to fly to italy tomorrow .	0
i dreamt i was sitting on a couch with louis watching this show and then briana came in and sat down and i just ran away so fast	0
may all the items saved for later in your amazon basket increase in price moderncurses	2
hope you have a nice day tomorrow at metlife 	1
blackpool illuminations are the the biggest temporary light show in the world . this is between august . . .	0
unnecessarily censored the end of a hulk hogan promo and much much more . monday at est . don t miss it . 	0
just so everyone knows bernie sanders birthday is tuesday and mine is thursday	1
 st time i ve watched the vmas in years . . what did nicki just . . . .	0
do you think . . . george harrison s song here comes the sun was actually supposed to be titled here comes the son and was about christmas ?	0
we are closed for the day due to the storm see you tomorrow am at on wjxt channel national hot dog day .	2
not sure i could muster the mental strength to play more holes after doing what dustin johnson just did on the st . pgachampionship	0
mi jefe me invito i have an extra ticket for foo fighters concert on thursday night . are you interested ?tuve q decir ican t	0
where vanished candle brigade which used to march on every terror attack demanding justice ? wud u march with candles to hang yakub ?	2
biden gauging his emotional fuel vice president joe biden revealed to members of the democratic national committee wednesday . . . news	0
selena s new album entitled for you will be released on the th of november !	0
kris bryant sneaks one just above ryan braun s glove into the right field basket . th of the year . i the nd . cubs	0
nope torontonians wont have a voice except for the howls as tory wastes our money yet again topoli	2
same is done by pakistan army in awaran balochistan since the st day of eid what s the difference btw them two ?	0
now watching denzel washington talking about his new movie flight it u s comming out nov nd lateshow with david letterman	0
tomorrow is nurses day and msc is celebrating it in a very special way . just stop by and make any purchase to . . .	1
angela merkel says border controls may have to be restored it s a pity she didn t listen before it was too late .	2
 donaldtrump s miss usa pageant set a record low on sunday with only k viewers . and let that be a reminder all of us . it was on sunday	0
if it turns out tomorrow that ddg is actually a real madrid player i m deleting myself off the internet	2
right you are they could end up picking sidney crosby st rou . . . wait a second that already happened	1
rt revis bats down sanchez pass to holmes . rd pbu by in days . holmes makes up it with catch on cromartie on next p . . .	0
am i gonna see you in dunkin tomorrow	0
i suspect rbi may be next in line . . either there is going to be rate custs . . of rbi gov on way out !	2
fuck it . . . no one pays attention anyhow . . this ! next tuesday on the original nirvana drummer chad channing !	2
paul dunne sinks a birdie on the third hole to get back to under . he is tied for th in the final round of	0
 big brother may be watching you right now u c and you may never know . surveillance is the new normal 	2
gazette bloc is open to coalition with anyone except harper duceppe says . of course anyone may be only ndp . polcan elx 	0
tory in wallingford on the th ! ! ! might have to swing thru ! ! !	1
listening to springsteen s nebraska album while driving through . . . well you can guess . wishes . playing lincoln tonight ! pm	0
i ve been working with the youngsters of pucklechurch to decorate the subway . how does bob marley like his donuts ?	1
i u m happy my st showing is at pm today . . . ritz carlton . . . let u s sell it ! tomiroseteam	1
sep th steelers ruin the tom brady parade	2
savageries were used by all in the th century . adopting them today as examples to imitate by true muslims is the problem .	0
flight with denzel washington comes out tomorrow 	0
because it s friday listen to can t tell me nothing by kanye west on	0
murray two sets to love down . think the broadcaster may want to turn the volume down quiet a few f s coming from murray ! usopen 	0
on a monday when i m waiting for things that are stressing me st song on the radio ? i still haven t what i m looking for by u . thanks ar .	0
on monday i go back to my old job for the fourth time . my life is the groundhog day movie .	0
listen for the zac brown band sounder tonight and be caller to win tickets to see them this sunday !	0
last game for jr . high bearcats th grade . on the road at clarksville u c th a u c jr . high at 	0
friday mubarak to all muslims all over the world .	1
scott walker defends ted cruz after boehner jackass comment . really dumasswalker is defending the only guy who may b more evil than him .	2
fuck it i ll buy your jason aldean ticket if we go tomorrow haha	1
hello . may i ask how did you get on set of castle ?	0
just watched wwat concert film ! ! very excited ! sooo amazing i ll go to the theater tomorrow too !cant wait ! !love you niall !	1
pretty sure hulk hogan is not the st person to say something in private that he d rather not be out in public . every single one of us has	0
i u m still obsessed with werth . . .not on a jeff carter level more on a ryan lochte level . i think it may be sexual obsession	2
ready to go to gay club tomorrow with my leggins and my boots and my stylish dinosaur t shirt . . . my sailor uranus keychain	1
what time are foo fighters iggy pop amp royal blood on stage at the national bowl on sat amp sun ? onemk	0
follow up sharknado tomorrow with mega bad movie night deep blue sea	0
i thought it may have been about john cena	0
good chance she may be gay by the time she gets out .	1
you have to watch falcao s nd goal for atletico madrid v deportivo its class	1
hopefully summersville or somewhere tomorrow with my girls . or something .	1
i wonder what celebrity i d get for motivation . . . you may hug a shirtless david wright if you do this ewl extremeweightloss	0
that s awesome ! wanna go to the albion v arsenal game at the emirates on the th of dec ? ? would be cool to hang out . .	1
you re an angry elf tonight ! apples obamacare relax its friday . . .	0
cole and kendrick years in the making finally in february . schoolboyq in the old navy sweater with the corona hah	1
my birthday money lasted exactly month i may or may not have spent it on kpop albums	0
july mnjtf faces boko haram with broken strategy	0
appreciate your recent retweets have a great monday and welcome to the gay travel community	1
sc paves way for yakub s execution the supreme court today refused to stay the execution slated for tomorrow . . .	0
i d rather go shopping for baby clothes with briana tomorrow than go to work	2
i remember having to watch the daytona for mr . hoak u s class in th grade . goodtimes	1
chris evans with yd td run . taylor w pt conversion . with left in rd qtr .	0
can t wait for raw tomorrow night . brock lesnar and undertaker both in the same arena . that s going to be awesome !	1
and goodbye to any man who thinks he can take on john cena this sunday night ! ! !	0
brock lesnar coming to espn tomorrow . to be safe i am going miles away . let him kill and	2
woods season ends abruptly tiger woods season came to an end on sunday after his th place finish at the w . . .	0
as many of you know my bill to phase out the mta payroll tax passed the senate on june th . speaker silver . . .	0
four lions on c tonight everyone i implore you to watch or at least record !	0
i ve been listening to u s music all day . looking forward to the show on friday .	1
looking forward to going to carrow road with my brother tonight coys he must u ve forgiven me for my behaviour at white hart lane in april 	1
good thursday morning weatherhounds ! glad to see y all survived the sharknado outbreak more or less intact .	1
i hope kris bryant is ready for a random drug test tomorrow . or do they only do that in the nfl ?	0
randy had the match wrapped up so . . . bad sheamus ! randy orton vs . kevin owens raw july via	2
thank you donald trump . you honor our dead by standing against iran deal on th anniversary of .	1
after attempting a reinstall it still bricks says windows cannot finish installing or somesuch . may have cost me .	2
red sox are imploding in the th inning . would be nice if they could have done this in like the th inning . bluejays	0
bloemfontein celtic and orlando pirates will contest the last spot in the semi finals when they meet on sunday . . .	0
yes please ! entered the cape argus pick n pay cycle tour happening on sun mar !	0
niall plays song from th album louis niall you re a bad bad boy	0
intel shows off waking windows machine with voice command intel corporation nasdaq intc may have sidelin . . .	1
get your ticket for a detroit red wings bus trip on march nd against the dallas stars .	0
several of hnb s staff will be serving at the early bird kiwanis pork dinner this friday the th pm at y s men pavilion in hannibal .	0
tgif ! less than a week til bill conger s lecture at pm on sep . make sure you come to soundslike to see his work before u hear his talk !	1
vincent enyeama celebrates th wedding anniversary with sweet words super eagles goalkeeper the post vincen . . .	1
happy all saints day . one of our freshman led us in beautiful litany of the saints today . tomorrow u c we . . .	1
who else is excited to see the boys on startalk tomorrow ? ? ?	1
omg i m going to walgreens today . i may buy my red blanket ! ! ! i ll eat papa johns pizza ! d today s gonna be an amazing swift day ! 	1
watched the cabin in the woods u c silent house u c psycho u c and the rocky horror picture show today ! yay ! tomorrow iba naman ulit ! d	1
so real madrid did f cked it up ! mufc	2
young reserve keeper jak alnwick will be on the bench on sunday for newcastle utd after rob elliot picked up a injury lastnight !	0
i posted photos on facebook in the album super sunday wid shobhit bhatia . . . . . . 	0
tonight is tanked tuesday get completely shitfaced play battleshots beer pong while listening to biggie smalls it s a vacation tradition	0
dustin johnson has had the lead in the st round in the last majors . he continues to be the pick as the best player who hasn t won a major	0
was he not already on you re list lt lt him raging at muslims for voting in galloway	2
so when we are goin to see u in twilight . . . . . . . . . .i now its nov . . . . . .but the date . . . . . . . . . .	0
i think i will take kermit with me tomorrow make them talk directly to him during the meeting . i u m bringing creepy back 	0
lol juventus in th place in serie a . hey we are th if you wanna join a better team	0
yeah ant man fails on jan and her daughter but it s still a better movie than ff according to reviewers i trust .	1
selena new album will be released on november . information goes that his title will for you .	0
wow . . this is the clip of dublin u s sunday times journo paul kimmage confronting lance armstrong youtube	0
dean ambrose stopped by the studio to talk about wwe monday night raw tonight at sprint center ! ! make sure you . . .	0
drudge update crisis adds to anxiety about islam . . . crisis adds to anxiety about islam . . . third column th st . . .	2
you may blame angela merkel for her response but if you are a history student you will remember that the islamic . . .	0
kanye west just doesn t know when to keep quiet . .its a problem . may be he needs a mouth guard . . .	2
you never know . it may be a song lyric from one of their songs on calibraska	0
since it s free on amazon prime i m gonna watch teenage mutant ninja turtles now . may the gods have mercy on my soul .	1
i u m going to ferry corsten at sutra oc in costa mesa u c ca oct 	0
murray and anderson have had hour and minute match and they are only going to the th set . . .	0
you are right about john kasich . he will not be in the top tier debate again . he debated st only in his oh .	0
lol well my parents said no tomorrow and sunday she said u could come to mi casa but if no then on the day u said el oh el	2
sonia gandhi and rahul gandhi didn t turn up dec is summons date for gandhis sonia says she s not afraid and nationalheraldcase	0
why does the knicks heat game have to come on tomorrow night during bibleball ? oh well i u d rather play than watch any day !	2
kris bryant nd homerun of the game kboom ! ! !	1
bono becomes world s richest pop star london aug u s bono has become the world s richest pop star afte . . .	0
as he was in a news ltd town surely had something to say about murdoch in intro to u scousers don u t buy the sun u ?	0
are you fed up of this rainy summers day ? why not take a look at what prince george wore when the sun was still out ?	0
yes u c it is us black triangle sighting in plainfield u c illinois on january th large triangle . . . aliens	0
might just have to hit up monday night raw because brock lesnar is going to be there .	1
i ve had my new windows laptop for week . so far i m loving the laptop and the os . only a couple of minor bugs with rd party apps .	1
pic this guy will make a nice profit if paul dunne wins the golf tomorrow	1
tybg that i have th period with sam smith	0
faith amp i went to the mid state fair to see jason aldean on friday amp then staying all weekend in pismo	0
justin s playing in nyc on the today show on thursday i think . i should ask to go	1
its the september th still no frank ocean album . . .	0
another event coming up soon for poe august th amp th at pomona fairplex . will fill you in soon !	0
back and forth at baylor ballpark . dan evatt rbi single gives baylor a lead over texas a m in the bottom of the th .	0
racists neonazis march the streets muslims protest behead those who insult islam but can t preach the gospel ! ?	2
norman reedus says this ep is like the th of july here in the states .	0
yahoo . . .down lbs ! once i m in the gym times a week after the th of november the weight should drop off exponentially !	0
let me rephrase the rd reason fandom stuff . if naruto is the only anime you ve seen then nope .	2
celebrating the last years amp looking forward to the next ! thanks for your support . it helps people like chelsea	1
revenge on abc sunday nights is a great show u should check it out	1
 win tickets to the night theater event u c happiest baby u c on june . enter by june . find a theater near you . . .	0
shawn please tell us something about your m amp g in spain no one says anything and we are getting nervous bc the sale is tomorrow	0
thinking about participating in artdropday tomorrow ! maybe i will make some art overnight to drop in the venice beach area . .	1
im so upset i dont get to see shawn on tuesday like hes my everyythingg besides nash cam and twins and im just really sad 	2
i have to decide am i going to go to a madonna concert on saturday . could be interesting . that s gotta be a hour show right ?	1
one of the son of neighbor lawyer even said these blood thirsty people will hang yakub tomorrow last night	2
okay this wookie boy too childish he say i gotta hear my favorite song st and this niggah play by beyonce i love that song man 	1
had to cut the mohawk off gotta look grown for tomorrow night at club pulse	0
the hobbit trilogy may have been flawed but ian mckellan and cate blanchett are friends now so it was all worth it .	1
called watchman same story as to set a watchman but from the watchman s point of view ?	0
as roma announce that midfield maestro de rossi will hold a press conference in the eternal city at pm tomorrow . mcfc	0
significant development monday night ers qb alex smith and wr michael crabtree were on the same page .	1
curtis morgan weaver with a great look but deflected by keeper rolls just left of the goal post in th minute .	1
re . mik u c ram u c lu c dog u c used to work with a few lads with eng as nd lang u c was very nearly major incident over a simple misinterpretation	0
lol ! schedule for today the rd of august visit kim hyung jun s birthday party g .o . don t think so ! xddd	1
courtney love doesn t want photos that could prove kurt cobain was murdered to be released . i wonder why ?	2
the lorax paid us a surprise visit u c checking the place out for saturday . come meet him from !	1
 we do have an option for google wallet that you may use as an alternative tw	0
bristol city haven t been in this match since eagles scored in the st minute . this is my bolton wanderers . bwfc	2
sacramento kings could make a push th or th seed in the west . . . .i swear u c i swear they can .	1
my itunes is playing sun is shining by bob marley u c my ears can u t trick me u c it u s bloody freezing . hat u c scarf and gloves today kids !	2
the raiders game is tomorrow and i m juiced . who is going or wants to go to the game ?	0
oh ok yeah i was just saying rd party not making many games for ps isn t sony s fault	0
 raw a friendly reminder to seth rollins from sheamus . if seth rollins wins both of his matches he could have a rd match against sheamus	0
may or may not have hit someone in the dunkin drive thru this morning	0
love this picture ! praying for you right now vanessa ! may the lord be your strength ! 	1
tomorrow is national dog day not to be confused with national hot dog day . though if you live in the south lots of heat it is the same .	1
before we were all charlie hebdo now we are all parisian tomorrow we may have to identify with others but we must not be intimidated	0
 people from big brother are going to be at flip flops friday lol	0
happy twitter thursday can you play we be clubbin by ice cube or feel good by mase .	1
barely getting to know the show basically tomorrow is the first night live . i think tomorrow kellie pickler or david beckham	0
russia says ready to give iran planes loan russia announced on tuesday that it is preparing to supply iran . . .	0
another chelsea vs manchesterunited today for the th round of the carling cup ! ! don u t miss out	1
hey erin when do you think telltale is going release the th episode of game of thrones ? i really love that game .	1
apple watch the new smart door key . via	1
as apple goes bigger expensive on tablets i had a nice chat with about amazon going smaller cheaper	1
let s start out the patriots off season review by briefly touching on deflategate . it s over . for now . tom brady will play on thursday .	0
remus lupin sat in the kitchen of grimmauld place eating a piece of pie molly had given him .	0
reminder daylight saving time ends sunday november . turn clocks back hour saturday night . see you sunday .	0
jerry garcia grateful dead cnn report from the evening of august i was watching	0
gop candidates rick perry bobby jindal at the spoke sunday at the black hawk county gop dinner . iacaucus	0
dodridge induces a ground out for the first out of the th . . chippewas outs away from mac championship game	0
novak is surely the man to beat . federer or murray may run him to the base line . the usual suspects .	1
you should call in sick . . . .i mean who can listen to hm tomorrow . blah u c blah . . .matt flynn . . .blah u c blah blah . . .matt flynn . . . .blah u c	2
getting ready to board ei to nyc to open pinter u c a celebration with julian sands drctd by john malkovich on tuesday	0
yay . . . we had us a mini water fight now my hair messed up think tomorrow imma go to alsip and get in the pool	0
tmills is going to tucson ! but the th and it u s on a thursday 	2
milan must score in the nd half	0
 cricket pakistan hopeful of bangladesh visit pakistan u s cricket board said sunday it hopes to arr . . . f ahsaan u 	1
oh lordy u c a hilarious night of dressing up as jackie o and nelson . godamn it u c its only wednesday	1
go ahead scott walker build a canada border wall . make sure it s secure enough to keep america out .	0
david cameron knew british pilots were using air strikes on syria in july but now refuses to welcome anymore refugees as he calls for peace	2
when dunkin donuts actually get your order right on a saturday morning you know it s going to be a good day	1
oh yay ! my mom just told me that my grammy is coming tomorrow ! ! ! ! woot woot ! loveher	1
some users are saying they re receiving software upgrade for moto g nd gen in some countries . what about devices in india ?	0
if dustin johnson had pared the st hole he d be under right now	0
she s just following madonna s playbook . like a virgin was a hit when i was in th grade or so so this all looks familiar .	1
pumped ! mt tina fey amy poehler will host the th golden globe awards in jan u c for once u c i may care about an awards show !	1
last night was so lovely out for dinner and then to see ted with alex ! made a nice change from being sat in front of the telly	1
not a fan of chris evans but tfi friday with alan partridge is very funny ! brian adams was good to ! run run rudolph chuck berry brill ! !	1
zlatan to milan may not be the best thing for both parties he will be going to an un settled club new coach very tough personality 	1
just found out that the new season for vampire diaries comes out sept th 	1
galaxy s ii can be wiped by just clicking a link other touchwiz devices may also be vulnerable ops	2
i ve heard mcr green day amp the foo fighters coming out of the dish room today . fingers crossed i get the same playlist tomorrow ! heeeee	1
children from st grade are taught islam will take over the world so the th imam can rise amid smoke amp fire to rule his domain the devil !	2
today my doctor diagnosed me with a repetitive strain injury known as iphone thumb . may my social media use be a cautionary tale to all .	0
 so you want people like chief keef ted nugent to have guns . c u mon son debate 	2
you have a top sg with th men . and you left off monta ellis	0
to my students we won t have class tomorrow . please listen to led zeppelin acdc nirvana foo fighters and of course the beatles . thanks .	0
battle for the th banner royal rumble basketball edition	0
zanjeer st schedule completed ramcharan is happy with the output	1
paul dunne may be leading theopen but the race for the silver medal is far from over yet gt 	0
holy sjit i m going to see niall dancing in front of me tomorrow	1
robert griffin iii returns to redskins practice robert griffin iii returned to practice wednesday for the was . . .	0
who is that chuck norris ? c mon he s unknown to our generation ! why not mr . t ? akwaibom akpabio	0
photo bunnydoodles r sketchdaily theme for september th harry potter i love harry potter and all the . . .	1
wwe announced on their twitter account that randy orton would be facing sheamus this sunday at the battleground ppv wwe k raw	0
to be fair to keshi he didn t call up many second division players to the super eagles just st division bench warmers ahead of regulars	0
foolish mortal i have sat through teen wolf and teen wolf too nothing you can do can harm me anymore	2
lots of studying to do tomorrow so goodnight i love all you kiddos amp my sunshines hayley atwell chris evans amp seb stan x	1
i really enjoyed the chicken liver parfait and the featured peperonata risotto hope they u re still serving it tomorrow !	1
i mean of course like millions of lovatics will vote for jillian . she may not know it but she s basically sucking up .	2
 july paul mccartney was in the audience during the u concert madison square garden new york john	0
jonathan kozol event cancelled for friday event canceled fire in the ashes victims and survivors of apartheid . . .	2
i bet kanye s speech ! gonna have a lot of material for this friday s monologue ! trump and kanye west ! ! does it get better ! lol	1
ok so i am super excited about my naruto cards coming tomorrow !	1
thompson white sox rally to edge red sox trayce thompson was for with rbi tuesday night while li . . . news	1
i want a th birthday like my super psycho sweet with extra pyscho .	0
attention ! this is the last sunday with no nfl game until . . . valentine s day . fist pump touchdown dance h t	1
video endorsing fender with the kurt cobain jaguar guitar going into a mustang minor rd setting at . . .	0
it u s monday night football wrangler nation ! game time pm vs . the wichita wild ! get your tickets now to cheer . . .	1
what a tool is once again fans leaving in the th inning in washington today is brutal .period . no reason to go after harper .	2
word rt smh rt broncos fan for the night ! i hope tony romo gets sacked at least times . thatisall	0
kim kardashian kanye west when it comes to ugly xmas sweaters . . . kanye is king kim kardashian may be the . . .	0
there is no th day in eid in the first place . einstein	0
the alliances within the grateful dead shift around more often than a lunch table full of th grade girls . now it s everyone but phil ?	0
on sunday in milan it s derby day ! i m re wearching that video about it sick . amala forzainter	1
mom so you got u on wednesday night . . . what time does college start on thursday ? me mom walks out of room laughing maniacally 	1
putin will keep it nice and safe may even load it up in some of the missiles that it may sell back to iran . satire	0
magic mike xxl is probably the single cringiest film i ve ever sat through at the cinema .	2
 feedmemore chris jericho explains why he thinks ryback should beat cm punk on sunday 	0
yo unnu memba ambrozia this saturday at oneil u s place enuh ! ! ! ! ! ! bear tingzz production it loud ! ! ! u hav u ticket yet ? ! ? ! ?	0
i u m going to black light burns at underworld u c camden in london u c united kingdom feb 	0
beating the retreat ceremony is conducted on the evening of january u c the third day after the republic day . facts	0
persona golden will arrive in north america for the playstation vita on november . publisher atlus also noted in today u s announc . . .	0
 i just realized that today is my th anniversary at wizards . . . . . . . . don u t show up to work on friday u c see what happens .	0
the sun is out in limerick and most definitely shining in kerry . we almost in ballybunion . actual blue sky	1
as a revelatory headline by the mail that s up there with daily mail readers like the royal family and vote tory .	0
happy to be celebrating torani s th fourth of july at the san diego county fair . come out tonight for the . . .	1
i dropped my iphone in the beer cooler on the beach yesterday so i gotta get a new one tomorrow	2
matt long and will morris will be on bbc radio stoke at . am tomorrow being interviewed in the community . . .	0
hahah wait i really want to come out for st patricks day ! also everyone should come to boston for easter my st !	1
jurassic world will be shown in the cac theater tomorrow at pm ! students get in free only for anyone else !	1
free to watch ! ! ! justified justified follows marshal raylan givens u c a modern day th century style lawman u c w . . .	1
hey philly meet the berenstain bears tomorrow from pm at the market shops at comcast center	0
it s been a month since i met harry and niall wow i just realized its the th today	0
another mint monday off . currently watching david beckham into the unknown . what a specimen .	1
um i may or may not have bought the first season on amazon prime and am kind of excitedly freaking out right now .	1
tomorrow s naruto episodes are the lasts ones right ? ?	0
rumour has it will be joining fcc on nd of august for fines night dress as hulk hogan ?	0
yes the refugeecrisis is complicated on many levels . but for christians this is an article well worth reading .	0
i doubt it . but we may just get to see in a bcs bowl in january . as for kstate u c they u re good u c just not sec good .	0
why do the white sox look like they should be playing in your local park on a saturday afternoon ?	0
prediction dunkin is going tine crazy tomorrow and i ll be late on the first day	0
ying wants to know if you still desire her competition readers ? she can bring them in tomorrow if so .	0
robert pattinson paid tribute to his bel ami co star uma thurman as he presented her with an award at the th w . . .	1
schedule tomorrow relax next day . . on ios also st day of school next day die .	2
hi u c would love to organise a photo pass to shoot the evanescence gig in london on th u c who can i contact to arrange ?	1
good result tonight u c though ! part one of rodgers u gamble paid off . have to wait for sunday for part two . if we win that u c we u re off ! lfc	1
tiger woods just ruined sunday for america .	2
honestly august th is the day reserved for me to be at metlife with my four boys and my best friends because that s when i m the happiest	1
if we do not qualify for the next round of the ucl we better finish th in the group . .europa league is a no	0
rumours about arsenal s january transfer targets are already being circulated by the news media . a week off from transfers would be nice .	2
dustin johnson played it like the th round anyway though	0
youth soccer pictures are this saturday ! check out the youth soccer schedules on our website !	0
tarheels gave it a great effort in nd half . pirates pulled out a big win . throw down next sat . and tough one for me but go pirates ! !	1
rdj amp chris evans will be on kimmel tonight ! abc is a disney owned company amp they love to drop trailers on a tuesday ! marvel civilwar	1
i hope both the usmnt and trump for that matter manage to take a huge shit on mexico .	2
how is it august th and frank ocean still hasn t dropped his album	2
toyota s luxury brand lexus said wednesday it has created a hoverboard . yes a hoverboard as in something that . . .	1
the rookie does it again ! kris bryant delivers walk off home run in th inning to give cubs win over indians !	1
rt you ever go night night nigga ? everybody go night night ! kevin hart	0
so magic mike with was super great . tomorrow i m going to see mission impossible but all i wanna do is watch magic mike xxl .	1
just bought my st heineken beer in las vegas . ps i u ve lived here for yrs what took me so long !	2
england s tony blair is feeling like bush and cheney should be where he may be indicted . they were illegal .	2
idk seems like there r plenty of rousey fans amp not just in the us . they may not be ufc fans but they ll pay big see her .	1
now get de gea to sign a big deal so real madrid don t buy him in january on the cheap ! degea deadlineday	0
new labour leader next sat mahri black offered snp hand of friendship to labour if j . .corbyn wins tory agenda can be halted in it s tracks	0
tom brady not in uniform for patriots game kraft said in a statement thursday that he is grateful for . . . nascar	0
yep ! like of xbox st party games we can get it on steam	1
kendrick lamar s black friday is flame only he can go that hard for minutes damn	1
hey my birthday is this coming thursday and i don t necessarily want an ipod but a happy birthday would suffice haha eggplant	1
then read the truth about churchill bearing in mind that tony blair may be a hero in .	0
i know u may not have time but any chance me and the mrs can grab a photo at newcastle arena tomorrow ? bestintheworld	1
aug infostrada sports top scorers of the la liga on sunday nolito celta vigo gareth bale real madrid james rodriguez real	0
he just isn t a sneak like clinton . if she cared about womens rights she wouldn t be taking money from saudi arabia .	2
justin bieber purpose carbs dairy confirmed better than xanax you heard it here st	1
my feeling about fears is u c if you voice your fears u c they may come true . i u m superstitious enough to believe that . meryl streep	1
happy th birthday to aubs ! chelsea kept the birthday breakfast in bed tradition going . thats chels on the right . . .	1
listen in hour for an expansive interview with poet frank x . walker who present his works at murray state on november . soundsgood	1
kris bryant is the th rookie b to hit hr in a season in the expansion era . the previous to do it all won rookie of the year .	0
saturday night live jeopardy skits with will ferrell 	0
k . . . . . you off to ncs tomorrow or monday ?	0
good luck to girls tennis as the take on south torrance today on st round cif ! golions 	1
act tomorrow then spending the day with my hunny 	1
its going down this sat . bama vs lsu oregon vs usc ksu vs osu and i have to watch texas vs texas tech	0
met this girl on valentine day u c fucked her in may u c she found out about april so she choose to march	0
 . ok you may have stuck this in my head . so have to share ! labyrinth magic dance david bowie	0
glad you both enjoyed that haha ! i m still recovering from her tweet about bad blood that was a rd degree burn	0
tomorrow ? i don u t think so babe u c sorry . . . only confirmed sunday with pats . . .	2
mick jagger with the monday night football song swagswagswag	0
wwerollins u may have defend ur title against brock lesnar anew due the undertaker attacking him just as he was about b wwe champion .	0
i need a new ipod . i ve had the same one since like th grade	0
the grey u c texting u c and looking forward to a useless day tomorrow 	2
i believe the new twitter update comes in time before tomorrow event . might be seeing deeper integration with ipad pro ? splitscreen ! ? ios	1
is trying to cut the legs off investigation . hillary s server boy did not take the th under oath !	0
what a final round we have ahead of us tomorrow . am paul dunne part of a way tie for the lead at . spieth back . within shots	0
italy also tonight livorno host cesena looking to end of run of home defeats on the trot .hellas in nd welcome lowly lanciano tomorrow .	0
a sunday with tiger woods in contention for a victory . i honestly never thought i d see it again but i m pumped as hell . letsgo	1
just to be clear .you would take tim tebow who can t make th string on any team over tom brady ? how do you have a job sir ?	0
wth apple ? st i go to the apple and there is less then employees working u c i have to wait mins to check out . wake up tim cook ! ! !	2
red stars fouled at yards . chalupny takes the free kick but gk gets in front of it . minute left in st half .	0
 wealltried aye are you going to kpop star tomorrow ?	0
xperia z pre orders available at the carphone warehouse sony may have only announced its ne . . . tech technews	0
spent the morning xmas fabric shopping may have taken a detour via xmas shop shhh x	1
even though nike is x better than adidas i u m still going to the adidas employee store tomorrow	1
saturday is a rugby day ! game against umd today . lets go tarheels . unc girlswhoplayrugby rugby	1
 sos zayn malik green day nirvana blink all american rejects all time low me !phi s may fire mcr panic at the disco	0
this just in caitlyn jenner may be charged in auto accident death .	2
french president hollande to meet with world bank french president francois hollande holds talks on monday with . . .	0
tomorrow thoughts to wafer thin mints saturday at the black dog yegmusic	0
 lakers steve nash g kobe bryant said thursday he is very concerned	0
 arsenal and whufc have been told striker simone zaza can leave juventus in january for the right price fichajes 	0
louis and harry love home sunday roast . liam loves curry while niall loves all the food in general	1
 samesex is morally deviant . shove the damn gay cake where the sun don t shine . kimdavis speaks the truth . stand for truth not lies	2
rt i can stamp on friday its goin be endless people at the movies to see final destination 	0
i arrived in milan on wednesday and i have yet to receive the remaining pieces of my luggage . no one seems to care .	2
huntzinger struggles in the th gives up first bbs of outing strands both runners w fly out by hitter sanchez . seadogs down 	0
back in black by ac dc was no . in the uk album charts on august 	1
hey hey just checkng to see if you or had any interest in sam smith tickets for cheap . show is saturday erwin center	0
i am not rational when it comes to robert griffin the rd . i am a teenaged girl and he is my justin bieber . iloveyourg 	1
looks like one of those massive u heads you used to see on tfi friday .	0
 imachristianbut i may have read all of the harry potter books and i may have accidently enjoyed them	1
alright . . who s gonna come pick up trash with me tomorrow morning at venice beach with heal the bay ? ? . . .	1
two cans of red bull may give you x ray vision but five cans give you the ability to hear oxygen .	1
disappointing to see the uk govt issueing reassuring messages to tehran maybe they were influenced by 	2
so its sake at gui sensai s tonight hmmmm interesting although i may just spend time with naruto we rarely have any time together	1
c mon we all know seth rollins is going to win . wwechampionship raw	1
come meet all the kids today at st . patrick s day parade in downtown cinci . if you want to walk with us please . . .	0
sunday brunch thanksgiving leftovers eggs benedict editor s note each saturday morning we bring you a sunday . . .	0
venice beach calling you so is seattle .first is new home nd is gr tour stop	1
could we find out today just why apple spent b for dr . dre s beats ? inquiring minds want to know .	0
to be specific is the demo released at or is there a time scheduled for tomorrow ? ps 	0
would it be wrong to watch magic mike xxl for a nd time ?	0
chuck norris jan strangle you with a cordless phone .	0
for a monday i m like tony the tiger grrrrrrrreat ! which is much better than tiger woods no one is trying to hit me with a club	0
google did great with youtube purchase . it is now gt bn . i bet facebook did equally if not better with oculus .	1
buy your ticket to see ben sollee at the lexington opera house dec 	0
congratulations aishah on passing your driving test st time at the mitcham test centre with our driving . . .	1
sam smith confirmed for james bond theme tune he recorded the track in january but only now has british pop . . .	0
we goin to spend the day at my job tomorrow jungle island 	0
lol u can t expect people to know everything . i could ask you who the lead singer of nirvana is amp u may not know	0
ryan braun drives double off cf fence with one down in th . just missed th career hr .	0
c mon let s make heart s magic man kris bryant s new walkup music	0
kanye west run for president we may aswell shut down the streets straight uop to downing street gangshit thughlife	2
it s time to discuss who donald trump may pick as his vp runningmate . he s been the leader for two straight months .	0
sure but you still clogging on donald trump s shrolong ding dong monday s through thursday s so relax	2
islam needs a filter to screen out tweets that begin what about jesus ? religion may not be up for long	2
his numbers are deceiving but it is his first year . he has some david price similarities but he may not pan out .	0
this may unrelated to erdogan some quid pro quo with russia that we know nothing about .	0
great day in minsk yesterday with time in a nearby suburb village . today we connected with some friends in grodna . heading to kyiv tomorrow .	1
center stage live nov th . truth . come party with us eat with us laugh with us and smile with us . . . 	1
conquering rides on the th baby ! ! ! san diego county fair	1
the wine roses fundraiser is tonight saturday u c oct th ! the pinery at black forest will be the setting of . . .	0
hip hop rumors is maino headed to reality tv ? brooklyn rapper maino may be the latest rapper to be making the . . .	0
i just hope they don t start asking camila questions about dating shawn on sunday s because it starts all this unnecessary drama	2
u ok with the poster for tomorrow ? tea will be provided for you . . can you get to the cafe for about pm to sound check ? rosie x	1
waken the body amp mind .join our monday am hatha yoga open level .start the week energised and refreshed .clear the mind . join	1
every time i listen to promise by romeo santos the st person who comes to mind is 	1
bww reviews aladdin at the th avenue theatre very disney park broadway world	0
awww sooo true the st comment wondergirls are special and gem of kpop ! ! reboot ifeelyou	1
cyber squatter accuses carly fiorina of wishing she d laid off employees more quickly politifact	2
i want to hear yakub dead when i wake up tomorrow hangyakub	2
so tells me that you promised him playoff tickets . i better see the both of you at rfk on saturday . dcu	1
took son to see jurassic park when he was we saw jurassicworld at same theater years later . a special moment	1
summer reading club ends august ! get your reading wrapped up and come get your fastpasses by that date . august is the last day !	1
i stand with israel and they may take my home and food . . .no thanks god taught me to avoid pits of snakes .	2
just whip it baby u c whip it all night welcome to soul train fandom may you never leave 	1
jennifer lawrence may be the most crushable girl ever but we ve got some honorary mentions from the hunger games !	1
ahmed musa may be the youngest ever captain of the super eagles at . i need some help to verify this . away from database 	0
journey to isis . harper is a dangerous man . for all our sake i hope he goes . ours is early nov but i can vote during 	2
you may remember frank gifford as a great football player or broadcaster . but i remember him as the guy who wanted anal from a stewardess	2
 fhd goes platinum then a mixtape with kendrick and now another album and still no grammy	0
trump to sign republication loyalty pledge on thursday donald trump announced that he too signed t . . . nascar	1
if seth rollins may turns a babyface tonight on summerslam so randy might defeat sheamus then later he will cash in on seth rollins . . .	0
apple might want to give devs a little info on ipad pro before dropping it and ios . on the market in november . ht 	0
kane is a better then rooney with back to goal . rooney better sat just off	0
seth rollins may have the biggest ego in the raw wwe	0
i u m going to vcu tomorrow ! and you didn u t come see me ? 	2
super advance notice to save the date . . . . stone brewing will be in the house on september th . and there will . . .	1
after kevin anderson to murray in the th set it s roger federer who dishes out a tiebreak bagel to isner . st set rf .	0
greenville avenue pizza company gapco is taking it old school for national hot dog day ! on wed july am . . .	0
id be prepared to bet that most sun readers voted ukip despite them backing the tories .	0
england to play haryana in the third warm up game in ahmedabad that starts nov ahead of the first test on nov cricket indveng	0
philippine star picked up the asap wansapanataym and bottomline pr last saturday . hooray . 	1
 saturdaymorningslam tomorrow morning at am on the cw network ! vs will be taking place	0
 things you should know about nlgja . it is the th anniversary of the national lesbian and gay journalis . . .	0
you definitely aren t ant man was my nd favorite phase flick right after winter soldier	1
going to a red sox game tomorrow even though im a yankee fan its fine 	1
i ve got mon . off work amp i m going to see ant man movie in theaters . want to see it in d .	1
remember when harry was ab to deliver a baby and niall just kinda sat down on the couch not phased by the lady myvhottest one direction	0
maniaci on casimir pulaski day march u c some people call it a holiday . judge i call it a holiday . courtroom laughs drewpeterson	0
i won three tickets to the giants vs dodger game on september from the t mobile sweepstakes giveaway hahaa fuck yea	1
tada judge knew search for yakub was not effected at a place near where he was apprehended 	0
fastball u c wild seeds set to take the stage for grulkefest a celebration of brent at acl live via	0
playa vista baby boom leads to a new school the weekly saturday farmers market is now filled with baby stroller . . .	0
audience should invade san siro if the scoreline isn t to milan by the th minute .	0
i am thinking these initial reviews of the new iron maiden album may be prone to a bit of hyperbole .	2
would rather they were in yours the valentine one may still be available will have to see x	1
oh c mon you write batman ! that means you get paid around the same amount that bruce has right ? . . .riiiiiight ? 	0
sandy alderson may as well change his name to madoff because he is robbing the mets .	2
i literally just sat down to see kris bryant smash a bomb . letsgo	1
ayup ! hope alls okay . we u re heading chesters on sat if you guys are free and fancy meeting for some lunch ? no probs . . .	1
ben sollee and fresh pot of coffee make saturday morning perfect	1
wednesday at roskilde festival was the best experience in my life . i m still very much blown away . everybody at . . .	1
don u t worry dear u c sarah g . day is going to be on the top list until the th u c or should i say forever ? hahaha . . happy ash wed !	1
dark souls has made me hollow . humanity at . praise the sun .	0
in the middle of downtown dallas is the winspear opera house . where i saw on may th . best night ever .	1
but c mon mods make the game better or in some recent cases it fix it ! ff type dark souls toz ffxiii	2
 songoftheday perfect for friday . cool live version of tusk from fleetwood mac with marching band song from .	1
tony blair also deceived the labour party nec amp cabinet in particular but he won elections !	0
baxter may want to consider that trump s confederate world may mistake him for the undocumented k	0
well then u c have fun not trick or treating . i u ll be in br doing it wednesday u c and thursday in zachary . bitch .	1
two birthday cakes ! one with jelly beans ! i wonder what kind of birthday cake the nd one was ? goodnight kina u c emi u c and misa .	0
as corbyn being continually pilloried for talking to sinn fein and the ira will we be decrying the legacy of good friday ?	0
totally crashed my ipad tonight . it locked up and wouldn t even power off . used the hold pwr and home bttn trick to force reboot .	2
kim kardashian emoji crash apple store via dear santa for xmas please may i have a ticket off the planet .	0
what time e shop starts monster hunter g dl ? tomorrow capcom tv starts from am . is it the time to open ?	0
sorry but on september i will be watching the oklahoma tennessee game not floyd mayweather hugging someone for an hour .	2
 tottenham boss andre villas boas has played down speculation that he is already lining up a january bid for shaktar u s willian . thfc epl	0
join us for worship on sunday and enjoy the dance ministry and joyful noise at both services and .	1
if you think the browns should or will trade manziel you re an idiot . aaron rodgers sat behind favre for multiple years .	2
monday night raw ! ! ! ! time to play the game and hopefully brock lesnar will rest in tombstone city	1
lmao i swear i couldn t stomach naruto anymore when they came out with shippuden . i had to peace out .	2
 sexy top news eva longoria to appear with obama thursday mustfollow qoo	0
independence day and the mummy reboots are both set for june th . talk about a day of nostalgia .	0
obama administration poised to lift sanctions even as iran flouts nuke deal with missile tests washington times	0
i was wrong the shoot out to charlie hebdo was on january france have had along year multiple attacks mainly in paris . . .	0
 th trumps the th . so no . states cannot decided for themselves on gay marriage .	2
tell ya what . if non runners come and watch our meet on saturday i ll take you all out to dunkin afterwards for a few dozen donuts on me	0
only thing worse than sylvia finishing nd in wsop is dealing with selbst s wrath for making that allin call .	2
it s only the th day of school and i already don t wanna go but nicki wants me to so i m going	0
it s a sunday night and i just turned donald trump into an orc .	2
it s wake up wednesday at cambridge ! stop by the clubhouse for dunkin donuts and juice .	1
full interview carly fiorina september republican presidential candidate carly fiorina sits down with fa . . .	1
the only time i haven t put on foundation is when i met shawn for the rd time it was great	1
kris bryant homered in the bottom of the th . cubs beat indians . get to six of the stlcards	0
activists in deir ezzor captured this image of musab bin umair mosque after regime forces set it on fire wednesday .	2
if these refugees don t want help from christians ! move on amp help our own ppl st . like our vets ! our children in usa !	2
tonight dr . terrie hale scheckelhoff will be formally installed as the th head of school . welcome to the saints family	1
gonna see the god the beast incarnate the mayor of suplex city tomorrow night . hopefully to see him wreck seth rollins .	1
hey it s monday ! which means monday night raw tonight ! which means the undertaker amp brock lesnar ! !	1
i know thats what im saying lol tucker straight outkicked cundiff in camp u c i u m glad he u s gone . didnt he miss one in the th qtr ?	1
finished my drawing of justin . can t wait to head to the today show tomorrow ! whatdoyoumeanacoustic	1
 . . .next friday u c ia ! can you tell me what u s going on with vcu u s intermsa ? how many isa members are going if any at all ? 	0
seth rollins looking like the th member of the new day . i wonder what newdayrocks summerslam	0
i feel like viola davis is being cicely tysoned but i u m going to bed . i may awake to hate tweets .	0
it is so hard to buy paul mccartney tickets for when he comes to buffalo in october . 	2
not sure when harper chat is scheduled to end may have already but he s taken questions so far . cdnpoli elxn 	0
national hot dog day on thursday ? come at me you muthas !	1
the dbs i get there name tomorrow and ray lewis is still talking bout u anit going in the middle lmfao	0
may or may not be going to see magic mike xxl for the second time tonight gt . gt noshame	1
if i agree to hang out with u on a sunday you re probably very fucking important or you re david beckham	1
stopping by tomorrow before the foo fighters at wrigley . jungle boogie on my must get list ! any blueberry left ?	1
getting pumped for the niners giants game sunday . and i guess so it kyle williams	1
really because on my phone it says i messaged you nov . the first night of thanksgiving break fact	0
 happy valentines day lulwhuuuut ? i guess it is february weather though . . .	1
magical march with goals in official matches the month march is now messi s best month in his barcelona career	1
monday lana s single ! tuesday finally going to come facetoface with a ! wednesday sam smith concert !	1
with apple watch wearable tech may start living up to the hype wearable wearabletech	1
if youre going to the shawn concert on oct 	0
photoset phineas cobain youremyvitamins nirvana sydney february love the fact that dave is . . .	1
good eats on deck day . volare lunch . maya del sol dinner . i was smart wear black . i may look like i u m w child by the end of the day	1
man was that jets and cowboys game awesome or what . great entertainment thats for sure . time to hear some hank williams gettin rowdy tonight	1
seth mcfarlane set to host the th academy awards in february . what do you think of that choice ?	0
hoping i can somehow make the volleyball game tomorrow please	0
rt a dramatic hearing today in the case of amanda knox the american woman convicted of murder in italy . story 	0
tory concerned about carding black kids and the traffic on the gardiner .he ll speak to the press wednesday about the gardiner .	1
harris looks for owens but murray all over him rd down amp the argos will gamble . . cfl ldc torvsham	0
i had a good weekend i just finished a week of night shifts on saturday so i went out with my friends to see ted 	1
 seth rollins appeared on tuesday at the th place in the top of manchester s trends trndnl	0
david coming through the with an ed sheeran ticket is the best thing in boyfriend history	1
 set up and has already broken murray in the nd . this is beautiful from kevin	1
idk bout your saturday but damn mine was the shit . . .and i didn t even got to jouvert	1
the fact that bailey is bringing dunkin into work tomorrow is the only thing keeping me motivated to wake up in the morning .	1
news floyd mayweather buys the most expensive car in the world good news everybody floyd money may . . . gcpr	0
i do ! ! do you guys want to go see the new denzel washington movie tomorrow ? 	1
benzema is football elite real madrid where you re a starter to rd place afc who haven t won league in years	0
i will not be doing any batman impersonations . but any time i type c mon please imagine will arnett s gob bluth shouting it .	1
i u m blessed to have you on board ! thanks again . the film will be screening at rich mix in december u c i u ll send you deets soon x	1
paul dunne under the southern sun stories of the real italy and the americans it created recently there has been a	0
re watching the miss usa pageant and miss rhode island may have just made me cry	0
teen wolf season just premiered but where is it tomorrow oh yeah not here	2
you may be cool but you ll never be i share my birthday with paul mccartney cool like me	1
i d vote for trump as a joke he s in the wwe hof ffs but i m too scared he d actually win . at least he d be the st pres to be stunner d	2
chris evans robert downey jr krysten ritter and fob are all on jimmy kimmel tonight omg i think i may cry	1
shit is not just fair but why tf should i care ? kendrick lamar on black friday . . on the beat of j cole s a tale of two cities 	2
ron jaworski is missing from the monday night booth . liam neeson stars in taken 	0
the blue jays are playing very well . they re scoring runs and david price is pitching like david price . jays with one out in the th	1
yo u c yo u c yo . raise your hand if you u re going to mass tomorrow ! holyday gettingupat 	0
i m dreading all the press tomorrow saying hair is about zayn when it was written way before they broke up	2
with the news that apple watch sales may not be as healthy as cupertino claims we look at how the numbers stack up	2
pm modi won heart of muslims with his uae tour editorial sahara urdu august 	1
we are collecting halloween candy thru pm tomorrow anybody else want to bring candy to donte to our troops and . . .	1
i bet if tom brady said that the sun revolves around the earth . pats fans would back him up and say he s jesus . smh	0
dave grohl i may not be in the cities with you singing word for word to foo fighters songs right now but i m there with you in spirit .	1
porto are the only team letting me down ! c u mon boys turn this around	2
going to bed now . . .rose parade then game tomorrow	0
bernie sanders hillary clinton camp getting nervous sanders chuckled on saturday at clinton s suggestion that she will be the can . . .	0
me you and joe gone chill saturday of i come tho	0
circoloco lineup next monday has just made my day	1
 michiganbasketball overall seed in nit season tip off will host the north regional at crisler center beginning november th vs . iupui	0
got my chicago bulls tickets . don t want to chance it . he may or may not come but i m going . 	1
if you love someone don t shoot them with an arrow . contrary to valentine s day it does not mean they ll stay . it may mortally wound them .	0
leading the way at guy ritchie and jacqui ainsley s wedding on thursday were the likes of david beckham and jemima khan .	1
the great noel gallagher is about to hit the stage in st . paul . plenty of room here so we u re th row center . plenty of room . pretty fired up	1
tomorrow is national ice cream day ! have a scoop it fits into many of these healthy family tips !	1
 valor video shoot tomorrow night . . . hope it u s stupid creative !	2
he had a good life and a wonderful wife . . may frank gifford rip	1
the donkey show friday the th is an exciting day for the adrienne arsht center of the performing arts in . . .	1
makes sense bc while watching twilight they were always glad when the sun was out like hella happy .	1
overall batsmen has scored plus runs in th innings in tests rahul dravid is the only manof those who never out for zero .	0
hillary knew what she was doing she may want u think she didn t that is her sneaky way of doing things she knew exactly what she was doing	0
when will rahul gandhi stop referring to himself in rd person ? it was creepy when he was doing so while addressing the shakurbasti people	2
oh snap ! another sunday pool party at shore club in miami with ryan morales u c jason vernau and ollie sanders ! ! ! we u ll see you out there !	1
thanks see you at warners tomorrow !	1
too much partying . . .last of lovely visitors are here for another night then i am going to sleep and dream of the foo fighters next saturday	1
kane may well get so disillusioned with lack of signings that he slaps in a transfer request . that would be interesting !	0
this is all time greatest and why we all luv and hate kanye west but he is a human that keeps the world alive ye	1
google wallet is coming to metropcs u c so now you won u t need to sign a contract to have your identity stolen . more jokes 	2
we just found out we got accepted to race at the l .a . county fair at pomona fairplex on september th yippeee ! !	1
 hot sgo denticket may the odds be ever in your favour aussie directioners !	1
yet it s never the right time to talk gun control . right bobby jindal ?	0
hey mr ego october . . .gary carter kirby puckett are hofers as are you . . .the difference is . . .they were class acts . . .which you aren u t ! !	2
come and visit before the redskins and ravens play . open house on sunday from ! ! early april way . . .	0
andy rooney is really sucking it up on the pitch today . who misses pks by falling over ?	2
why is it so hard to win tickets to go see taylor swift tomorrow 	2
ft valladolid real madrid barcelona s last liga games away vs elche on sunday amp amp at home vs atletico the week after .	0
i d love a full elton concert . saw him at a fourth of july concert in philadelphia so it was just six songs .	1
ed sheeran concert at pm tomorrow . getting in line at like lol . need to get close to the stage bruh	0
work till friday . .then new york for the weekend . . .then pauls wit nd then clemson	0
it s been hell living as a white sox fan in chicago this summer . go get them tomorrow giants !	0
red sox games really are all about the th inning stretch	0
israel warns ties may suffer if brasilia does not accept nominee dani dayan a former head of the jewish settlement movement	0
tomorrow thurs i am streaming hours of nuclear throne rebel runs from pm to am with hours of david bowie albums 	0
australian directioners u c little things will be played on the radio at pm on monday afternoon on the hits radio .	0
any black american that supports what israel is doing to the palestinian people may as well go take a big old shit on mlks grave	2
dustin johnson wishes the tournament just got called by wind saturday .	0
yes . i wld like to see dolls of the novel fourth sunday gwen nat briana destiny camille allana	1
is this the st time kpop has been nominated in the tcas ? even if we don t win isn t that still an achievement we should be proud of !	1
marvel u s phase two kicks off with u iron man u trailer on october rd briefly if halloween i . . . danferguson .me	0
coalition of the unwilling in the war on isis u .s . allies saudi arabia turkey and israel may be playing bo . . .	0
 th bday on thurs no class xc season opener on fri ed sheeran concert on sat parents visit on sun amp day off on mon ! labordayweekend	0
the byefelicia scene is brilliant in considering that it originated from friday which directed and ice cube wrote	1
speightoo got court tomorrow i hope shit turn out to be gucci iono want my boa in that g wall	2
bradford s logan caruso was nd in the boys cross country race today in kane with a time of hunter yasurek of kane was rd .	0
council of canadians chairperson maude barlow set to speak may p .m . at the lambton inn in sarnia . topic saving the great lakes .	1
ideal home show at christmas earls court november u c has partnered with itv to bring dancing on ice to life at the exhibition .	0
don t think i m gonna watch the vmas cause the boys aren t on and if zayn performs i can see it later . plus school tomorrow and i like sleep	0
republic day in turkey oct fire work awesome	1
if you didn t vote ukip in may ten you are partly responsible for what s happening in calais today ukip would never have tolerated it . . . . . .	0
seriously though you guys have national ice cream day ? that s soooo coool	1
this may surprise you curtis but some people can care about more than one issue at a time .	2
just show them the last episode of game of thrones on nd thoughts don t ! lol	0
fear among muslims may be plausible yet unwarranted . . . but dalits are becoming the biggest supporters of modi .	0
how old ? the royals were the st wild card team . they d have been in either way .	1
 saphila people in the superbowl at sun city to discover how to help africa run like never before 	0
pope s sunday angelus if the heart doesn t change we aren t true christians . . .	0
carter handing off st . . .but bromell gonna be close . . . gay might give us the lead . . .n bolt may have to chase	0
briana is gonna be gone literally all day tomorrow . . . . . i m about to be in her house by my lonesome . might cry	0
liam and niall teasing the th album . . otraottawa via 	0
ted was shit ant man was dec now it s time for southpaw !	2
if you marry rich you may not be happy but hey your tears will fall on your bentley rolex and polo .	0
would you trade calvin u c cj and murray for griffin u c mccoy and lloyd in a keeper ppr league ? also have harvin but nd rb lacking	0
you look at some people and you see the meaning of islam . may allah make us one of them !	1
seven has shows in top u c abc nd with u c nine third with . ten and sbs rate .	0
on sunday please watch sarah g live u c one of myrtle s dream will come true together with melai u c myrtle will having a song number with sarah	1
as carly fiorina is gaining in recent polls she should have a spot in nd gop debate .	1
if you try to run on josh hamilton you re asking to be thrown out . his bat may be deteriorating but that arm is still there .	0
google may finally have the beginnings of a unique value proposition for social media users . via	1
don t hide under your desk ! it s just a salsa bomb that we ll be dropping on the metroplex tomorrow . fresh salsa delivery imminent ! yum	1
did you know that david wright was trending topic on monday for hours in miami ? trndnl	0
enjoy your networking ? cocktails with pandas or beers at adelaide oval on the agenda at innovationgeneration	1
anderson silva is fighting saturday in the ufc . you know he can t lose .	1
my bro lives in nj ready to run nyc on sunday .has had no power u ccan u t live in house but stillready to run !what would you do ?	0
sam smith and kasabian on saturday the script and calvin harris on sunday mate was quality x	0
im saying hold it to a private area tho lol he gone be on worldstarhiphop tomorrow	0
tuesday s wu sday . ghostface killah iron maiden . if there s nothing for you in this i want to fight you .	0
we have the break ! murray breaks bellucci to . serving for the st set at !	1
 man with the iron fists comes out tomorrow and that indiana movie theater gotta get right and get that movie dawg !	0
big weekend for the saints ! roll on sunday !	0
are you a force to be reckoned with ? thurs . dec is star wars day . batteries not included some assembly required	0
on his birthday chuck norris randomly selects one lucky child to be thrown into the sun .	0
and remember donald trump said recently he supports affirmative action .	0
i can t wait for october ! concerts ! i get to visit mexico city for the st time ! great way to celebrate my sweet !	1
november th get your tickets for the event of the season asap for more info .	0
sam smith may have his fans but they certainly aren t the type of people that would watch bond . what the hell have they done spectre	2
prince george has the cutest plans to celebrate his nd birthday fashion coverage	1
kim kardashian apologizes for breaking the internet again kim kardashian may have actually broken the inter . . .	0
if you didn t know ! ! ! ! chris evans and robert downie jr . may release the civil war trailer tonight on the jimmy kimmel show ! ! ! ! ! omg omg ! !	1
im meeting you again on monday hope you remember me camilla parker bowles lol im gettin a taxi again love you so much xxxx	1
w fact the most spoons balanced on the face is by aaron caissie of canada in milan italy on april .	0
the guy who let me borrow his ohio state bag friday night just said i can keep it . saweeeeet . good day for liz !	1
dropped joel at jfk for birthright trip to israel . tomorrow the rest of us off to florida to see family and friends . merry xmas !	1
welcome back david wright now don t screw it up david wright returns to the mets monday in philly and immed . . .	0
is anybody going to see shawn in new york on september th ?	0
heard another story of a guy buying twilight struggle for his st game because it s top of bgg . reason pandemic legacy should supplant it .	0
more interested in a possible cena vs ziggler match ! more annoyed ziggler didnt even wrestle tonight or on smackdown friday	1
zayn is back in la he was seen leaving the warwick in hollywood last night august 	0
i u m heading off to hong kong next thursday . spending the remaining time with my folks before i go . will really miss edi	0
we are presenting at the mrwa u s annual trifecta on sept in northfield u c ma . stop by the booth and see utility cloud in action !	0
just got free tickets to jason aldean cole swindell and tyler farr saturday night ! booyah	1
i had a dream milan hired mourinho and he got us our th champions league title . em . . .em . . . .i think it s time to change this pillow .	0
just watched how nicki called out bitch miley cyrus on stage at the vmas . may the one who has the biggest ass wins .	0
can t wait to see your interview with craig ferguson at paley in october . he s extraordinary .	1
donald trump amp kanye west should run for office together . they share that tight jawed expression . actually they may even be the same person	0
but first today . . .taking all the brood to see rise of the planet of the apes . might sneak the dog in too . . .	0
thanks for the heads up on the sportchek off jets promo . got some gear tonight .	0
 d in chicago sunday was awesome ! so sad about the year break but they totally deserve it ! niall owned the show !	1
i ve only got niall now . . . but if you want harry i ll get more tomorrow ! !	1
who u s going to walgreens tomorrow for the off all of the halloween candy ? i am !	0
still on the th spot mtvstars the vamps	0
universal credit may leave people worse off uop research undertaken with centre for social economic inclusion shows 	2
on eid st day after playing cricket with my sweet friends	1
boko haram tops agenda for nigerian leader meet with obama sun herald	0
just got told i sent bernie sanders a birthday card friday night . dope .	1
 th album out red u c millionswifties u c grammy awards u c amas u c bmi awards ! reigning entertainer of the year acm ! yearstaylorswift	1
eleanor u c that u s cool u c it would be great to see your pastel art . link to the painting i did on monday	1
staying positive today with the talented george harrison . bad day ? the sun always rises the next herecomesthesun	1
depending on the weather in goin to work half naked tomorrow	0
m sony is gobbling up rd party exclusives says the company that tried to steal away tomb raider deadrising rareware several indies . . .	0
it s double shot two ticket tuesday on power . ! every time you hear chris brown songs back to back caller at wins ! !	1
 tbt reppin the w m sweatshirt on my nd birthday . i had a sweet lion king cake too	1
i just sat here and cried to frank ocean . . . . . . its been a while since that happened	1
gogoi inspired by gandhi not modi hief minister tarun gogoi on wednesday clarified that he was not trying to . . .	0
brock lesnar s next wwe appearance will be on october at the msg live event . opponent tbc .	0
hey friend . i stopped by last saturday . will be in huntsville this weekend checking on family . catch you next time .	0
all are invited to the remembrance service this sunday at p .m . in the chapel . this is a beautiful way to pay . . .	1
comment passed by to the effect that matron is a dead ringer for caitlyn jenner . he may have a point .	0
they really are grooming seth rollins to be the next triple h having him open every monday with a time devouring promo . raw	0
a day may come when anybody who is a little sensitive starts filing pils sc in ml sharma s pil on rahul gandhi citizenship .	0
vettel will get a th engine in austin and told that he ll not take part in qualifying because he will start from pit lane f 	0
brock lesnar on sportscenter talking about his fight with the undertaker this sunday . . . . what a time to be alive	1
paul dunne after birdie on cool to lead the open on the back nine on sunday . a different kind of sunday but . . . 	0
tfi friday was good in the s because it was new and chris evans was young . someone needs to tell him this is crap and dated .	2
i u ll make my bid for the adidas predator tomorrow godwilling . . .	0
sunday morning is every day for all i care kurt cobain	0
yoga crash course with dawn marie this saturday at maya shakti yoga studio . commercial avenue anacortes wa	0
a rep from ucla will be at the pilot center tomorrow during lunch . see you there !	0
taylor swift gt gt gt chick fil a even if it were open on sunday s 	0
just listened to that she song by tyler the creator and frank ocean for the st time really nice track	1
 worldcup party jason vernau live set nightclub miami february th jason vernau is back with som . . .	0
huzzah and hurrah we are doing a live webchat with antonio carluccio on nov . get your questions in now	0
when wakes me up i think its saturday aka move out day and she has to ask me to change from my ripped jeans and kane shirt	0
going to be listening to a combination of manran skerryvore runrig and the vatersay boys on our drive to inverness tomorrow . teuchters	1
tomorrow pm in gsc buy tickets to ed sheeran in concert at riverbend on . tickets are cash . see you there !	1
i feel like nicki may have been joking but miley may not have known . nicki is so vocal on twitter i feel like she	0
i think you should let rushers pick a date ! i suggest november ! important day in rusher history ! who agrees ?	1
dear naked cyclists i will not support your campaign if you are putting your sweaty bits on boris bikes !	2
ur solo masturbation scene in the twilight parody was so hot ! ! ! !watched it when in th standard . .now in college . .memories	1
the woman speaks the truth . . . . .for the rot of islam may grind slow but it grinds exceedingly small enabling it to fester	0
a little taking back sunday as the sun goes down . pomona fairplex	0
your sunday morning song david bowie singing to his new born we bought you a lot of things to keep you warm . . .	0
yes when they won third in the x factor . and yep . their album comes out on september th .	0
even i didn t know it s th sept at kl live to be exact p	2
tomorrow jurassic world pm on the green with popcorn and ice cream sundaes ! freeflickfriday	1
i got a new ipod today ! hooray ! the th gen gold and ordered my case just now .my life is complete !	1
bring back the magic of christmas ! santa loves julie andrews !	1
that s a legit point man . i have to agree . rousey would take that but i think browne would be the first to escape st rd .	0
of course scott brown aces the rd . from way downtown bang . note scott brown is playing with tiger woods this afternoon . 	1
breaking just announced that sting will open monday s edition of rawtampa at pm est .	1
oh shit might be going to ihop tomorrow elliott gone kill me	0
as much as i hate to say it . . .saurez u c ronaldo u c nani u c pires i could go on and on he may have a point bruv .	2
for the holiday season the gallery will close from dec and reopen on jan in london and jan in milan	0
carly fiorina fails to understand our st amendment freedom of religion goes with us everywhere . in an interview . . .	0
consistently on a thursday at the perfect midway point months before st patricks day rolls around again . toarthur	1
playing jurassic world while waiting to watch jurassic world for the rd time winning	1
tony blair sympathies for isis stretch deep into parts of muslim societies . blair just went full trump .	2
i don t know if my eyes could handle this match what a big fucker may god give dean ambrose the power to beat this monster raw	2
finishing jurassic park for like the th time tomorrow . film class is gonna have a lot of reruns for me . all the batman films star wars . .	0
the wind in the willows played tea for two the sky was yellow amp the sun was blue grateful dead scarlet begonias	0
me too ! hopefully i get back soon enough to enjoy some drinks ! ! shawn was saying you guys will be there fri and sat nite ? ?	1
i may not have gotten a picture of messi but i still saw him with my own eyes ! fuck what everyone else says lol	1
last day of eid holidays . . .preparations for office tomorrow . . . timeflies dontwannago	0
 c k carles puyol ! omg ! what a landing ! may god help him with his hand ! ! ouch ! !	1
jeb ! should be very happy . colbert may be the one person who can reduce the trump farce to size . he may diminish him .	1
watching it the nd time i realized the tech communications guy in jurassic world was nick miller from new girl	1
last minute but does anyone want to go to sam smith w me tomorrow 	1
tomorrow google play changes how it deals w digital tax in norway morocco amp albania	0
highly doubt that ipad will be covered during the appleevent tomorrow .	2
frank gifford now being serenaded with turn out the lights by don meredith . rip	0
israel u s red line on iran kg of enriched uranium number was put to netanyahu and he did not contest it .	2
i did not . we have her dance everyday so we will make one tomorrow . she s done summer by calvin harris bad blood amp others	0
white sox score runs in th to move past mariners tyler saladino walked to open the th against danny . . .	0
we re watching sharknado a month late . they might as well set the th one in iceland amp continue to try and pass off scenes filmed in cali	0
it u s republic day in turkey . like th july in usa .	0
amazon to release a tablet amazon plans to release a tablet with a inch september cool tech ! ! !	1
feels it too watching red sox is like watching the leafs from feb on except all condensed into half an inning lol 	0
so tomorrow i shall watch sharknado for the first time . and tweet it .	0
ihop on friday is the only thing getting me through the week .	0
and i didn t like the way the john cena and seth march ended too that pissed me off so bad	2
found it ! evanescence live rock im park in germany were to have streamed live today but they performed on friday .	1
anyone at uncc want to come with me sunday to hear bernie sanders speak ? ?	1
those who say ahmediya is true islam are ignorant . may allah pak show them the right path ahmadiyyaisnotislam	2
grant liked my pic about not being able to go to digi tomorrow sad sad sad because i miss him	0
china telecom does away with creating the epon the olt ftth and fttb price may be very	0
aye we re on the th spot ! keep on voting vamily ! mtvstars the vamps	1
what are you doing next october rd ? . .you want to come to disney world with me ?	1
just commented on amanda knox appeal enters final stages as it resumes today 	0
when i get married i want to walk down the aisle with the jurassic park theme song playing instead of the wedding march	1
ice cube the goat for writing most of straight out of compton and friday .	0
in my emotions today ab the boys break turn on my d ipod folder and the st song was back for you . is that a sign ? ?	0
i have loved you since you played for the red stars ! can i get a retweet or response for my th birthday ? itd make my life 	1
ladies if your in las vegas come to the splash dance party with me tomorrow night at your bikini it s about to get wet	0
it u s laundry night at the turner house . we know how to spend our friday nights .	0
i u ll stop the retweets . great screening . big audience at l sq . next showing rich mix u c our spiritual home . awards on sat . curzon mayfair sun .	1
quoting tony blair all the hallmarks of al qaeda . what u know this within hrs or less than st attack ? wtf ? . . .	2
four lions . watch it on channel . tonight . at pm . best film ever . i have this on my ipad . never tired of it .	1
members we will be helping at the polls tomorrow and saturday as greeters . if interested we are working at garner until tomorrow	0
yes neutron star collision may be crap but it was written for twilight so what would you expect ?	2
party tonight friday oct kwames fusion cosburn ave east york . on m j n playing the best in old school reggae and hip hop .	1
i have two extra tickets to sam smith . they re rd row section . dm me if you d like to buy them	0
u s bono reveals he may never play guitar again following horrific bike accident	0
suddenly remember he is ex milan player . . and also his st goal for milan when he was just lt minutes on the field . . .	1
dishonoured is awesome ! not quite sure where to rank it . journey and walking dead are one and two . i think it u s th behind mass effect .	1
do endsmeat ? sharon stone rushed to the hospital ! oh no ! sharon stone had a health scare on saturday when she was . . .	2
it s august th and still no frank ocean album when will this terror end	2
not a very attractive line up . have you got mackems v . mags tomorrow ?	2
a place in the sun . presenter orange and lemon trees too person that u s our breakfast ! what the ?who has oranges and lemons for breakfast ?	0
good to know i ll be sharing my birthday with national ice cream day tomorrow	1
rumor has it that sting will appear on raw tomorrow night .	1
was thrilled when a group of kayakers came done the thomson on my way home from prince george on tuesday nikon d 	1
there is just something about a sunday afternoon with tiger woods wearing red that is american	1
stopped by n smoked a chop wit moms on my day off . told her everything s gucci gave her a th told her its for all the stress i caused lol	0
peyton manning . . . . . . . . . noooooooooooooooooooo ! ! ! if curtis painter is starting on sunday i am going to lose my shit .	2
javier saviola i d be delighted if messi won his th ballon d or because of the quality of his football and because of our friendship . 	1
 tbt i saw katy perry last saturday it was pretty nice . . . .	1
flashback friday the dallas stars settle victoriously in to their new digs at the aac . watch first game	1
stir it up bob marley yep it s that kinda saturday	1
good morning ! ! today s my th day of work in a row and i should be super tired but no ! because it s star wars day ! ! less than hours ! !	1
i condemned both the measures but relating it to religion is cheap . if done in jan then holi if done now then diwali	2
moto g rd gen have all the super power that i really want in a smartphone ! ! mymotog	1
view of my schedule for the rest of the week ? ? today work than class u c wed halloween at work u c thurs work young life u c friday work than . . . .	0
the birthday boy and his lamb . the lamb u s name is balki . come out to the volstead tomorrow for a taste . ouimybuddy	0
 sport paul dunne can make history on monday says jordan spieth following irish amateur s heroics at st an . . .	1
the year old was spotted at the mtv video music awards on sunday night where she supported pal taylor swift as she took home the video	1
angela merkel to run for th term . . . .if this happens in africa un us g etc will be planning to invade the country . . .hypocrites africa	2
thank you ! i will see you tomorrow for more uncharted banging and tomb raider talk d	1
omg ! lucky den ! i was when i saw drake for da st time and it was my st drake concert lmao i was for club paradise 	1
black triangle sighting in oranjestad u c on october th black triangle ufo with resemblance of a stealth . . .	0
could you please let me know what randy orton does tomorrow if he stops for fans or doesn t ? that would be great 	1
you may have seen this but john cena has given his th make a wish gift for a kid . my hat is off to you mr cena	1
same . i wanna go football really early tomorrow since we have the full day but idk what connors doing if adams back from poland	0
as we head into this wednesday i would like to tell you all swag money gucci fam you re welcome 	0
will i be able to purchase the metal gear solid v edition ps tomorrow or is it an online order exclusive ?	0
yes ! star wars to be screened in the uk a day early now december th ! one day closer to the force awakens ! d	1
at the hotel room in dannok thailand . . . so tired for a long trip last friday night and shopping at hat yai yesterday . . . ! ! !	2
the dustin johnson bunker is located somewhere under this grandstand on the th . walkingwhistling	0
i know what i m doing the th preoredering calibraska by jack and jack !	0
katy perry performing at the super bowl halftime show in feb . damn sure wouldn t mind a wardrobe malfunction . .	1
tomorrow scott walker will claim he defeated isis by misleading voters into ripping on teachers . gopfail	2
bart de brandt . resplendent taylor swift images . you may want to check 	1
they did and tho tom cruise thinks he s the star edge of tomorrow is blunt s movie through and through . imdb . 	0
 going to venice beach tomorrow ! ! ! d ! ! !	1
gds thousand tickets have already been sold for the upcoming milan derby next sunday . a sold out is pretty much possible .	1
december th check out the article on justin bieber featured in our local newspaper kosmo today !	0
nitin gadkari cans himachal poll campaign sources close to gadkari said late monday night that the cancellation . . .	0
caitlyn jenner may not be down with gay marriage but she should really understand that people are gonna see that as hypocritical .	2
gotta hold down a dub for that flatbush zombies show on the st . throw a blunt on stage or sumn .	1
 times pic lsu coach les miles said bcs title game has no bearing on saturday u s matchup with alabama lsu	0
tonight was just a preview of what bob jones will do to austin at tomorrow u s vball game . vbc . noon . bethere bjp	0
my last post talked about listening to bob marley on a thursday . this thursday i m dealing with a house on fire . multi skilled	0
 nd tory candidate leaves race in one day after embarassing incident	2
android samsung will launch the galaxy note in these countries samsung may have only launched the galaxy . . .	1
every time i hear the word hoax i m reminded of paul mccartney on the chris farley show	0
i am so hyped for tomorrow the clip at the end of ant man was enough to get me excited	1
perhaps even shared he pitches his voice for thor s ears a mortal may not be enough but they do help . all writhing and gt 	0
thought it was ben affleck for a nd ! love this ! club gohabsgo	1
tomorrow s headlines today of course scott walker doesn t want to build a wall to keep out our friends to the north . noideas	0
yoga and aging gently starts tomorrow at pm with these mature wise teachers . aging gracefully allows us to . . .	0
watney fires to win cimb classic nick watney fired a under on sunday to rally and win the c . . . sports	0
i agree with you because kane is much cheaper and bale though a fee is agreeable he may not want to come .	0
in them to do it . amy schumer in ew october is a fucking rock star amp i love her amp jesus f ing christ we need more like this	1
 hannibal has been a brilliant series tho amp the fact we don t know if hannibal is still alive leaves door open for a th season hopefully	1
no point asking for humanity from a tory . pretty sure they are all replicants created by the nazis after wwii . especially theresa may .	2
i u ll stop loving jennette on the st feb . february has only days so it doesn u t count . 	1
what chaos between brock lesnar and undertaker on monday night raw loved it can t wait for summerslam	1
 aprillives what s the point in sharknado without april ? she makes the movie .	0
any body want to meet up at disneyland tomorrow around ish ish when i get off of work ?	0
rt check out my column in scotland on sunday today on the glorious grouse can t wait for friday !	1
if you re not planning to watch sharknado tomorrow then idk what you re doing with your life tbh	0
i support sunday oliseh on this new super eagles list . make us proud boys . we believe in you . soureagles	1
the leader of boko haram sect abubakar shekau is missing in a new video released by the sect today august rd . . . .	2
i m hanging out with conrad this weekend and am going to the colts game sunday . let s do btown for an iu basketball game !	1
messi has scored goals outside camp nou for the th consecutive season ongoing 	1
yay teen mom starts monday ! but the only reason i watch it is for teamleah	1
federer is looking good after winning cincy for the th time .	1
but for the first time since the writ was dropped i really have no idea whether harper will be pm after oct th or who would replace him .	0
i m surprising my mom with a trip to see ed sheeran for her birthday in atlanta on saturday . help us meet him please ! ! !	1
i m almost at the end of the rd season of teen wolf and i m already in tears bc i know what s coming up	1
who wants to go to rugby practice with me saturday ?	0
mt my apologies my bronchitis prevents it u c and countdown tonight . bill carter replace u c respectively	0
shege don t comw i m going to abj tomorrow	0
just noticed ricky gervais and stephen merchant u s life u s too short started airing on bbc entertainment . check it out on sunday u c .	0
new post on blog ! hope to see you all this saturday cesena ! with fam too ! . . .	1
is there anywhere in the united states of america that has the book journals by kurt cobain ? i mean c mon .	0
these are new avril lavigne songs from the th album . hush hush songwriter composer david hodges u cchad kroeger avril lavigne .	0
watching the repeat of sunday s live episode and my god this loyiso guy can sing . he killed that sam smith song .	1
scott walker says his actions covered everyone in poverty with medicaid for first time ever . politifact mostly true	1
monday s ain t the same without teen wolf	2
i doubt he wants a fight with muslims . . . he may be able to get the west . . . politically hard to do !	0
bitch idgaf if you don t want to go to school tomorrow john cena lost	2
so evelyn is giving me until saturday to tell my parents or else she u ll tell them . ugh . i just haaad to tell her . .	0
yeah i was a bit sad bc it was my st d concert and zayn wasnt there but i still enjoyed it	0
sharknado on twitter amp quot will april make it to nado number ? you decide ! vote now using . . .	0
tomorrow the lovely ladies of the thetanu chapter of sigmaalphaiota will be washing cars at t mobile on n . . . .	1
tennessee vols will be the nd best team ole miss has played this season	1
this may be creepy but you actually look at lot like lady gaga . i never got a good look at you but i saw one of ur selfies	0
there are some great opportunities for young people at the moment . . . journals at splash dance july pm . . . .	1
it may have been sent through google 	0
cate blanchett speaks during the th annual governors awards ceremony .	0
hi john im interviewing antonio carluccio tomorrow what mushroom question will make a good one ?x	1
ok mr king see me about the bills or the eagles for that matter come the first weekend in february . bills eagles nfl	0
i can u t forgive farrackhan for the malcolm x thing . and ninjas ain u t done sht since the million ninjas march . . .name one thing .where the 	2
kane finding form at the right time ready to score twice against sunderland on sunday . . .	1
 incredibly stupid move by united though . woodward may have got over real madrid but now he s left with an unhappy player	2
we don t just celebrate halloween on friday the st we celebrate it all weekend ! nights of frightfully good . . .	1
kunle afolayan did a good job with october st 	1
fun date night with my girl . home early . ice my aching body . wish i had netflix right about now . . . .	1
everton are the nd highest users of the long ball this season . wilshere has time and a selling club on his side . feederclub	0
this bitch just put frog back on lmfao throw back thursday	2
steve jobs film bombs at the box office director bizarrely blames david bowie the steve jobs biopic may have . . .	2
let s be honest hannibal may be many things but he s not a rapist which disgusts me more than killing cannibalism amp everything else .	0
you know how in perks of being a wallflower david bowie s heroes made them feel infinite ? tuesday was the soundtrack to my infinity .	1
dana white reportedly said holly will have to wait to fight ronda in july but she wants to fight in february or march smgdh	0
what are the fafsa and a pell grant ? begin college what are the fafsa and a pell grant ? october u c cate . . .	0
just throwing it out there u c huntsman was the only candidate u c including rd parties u c who had all on his platform .	0
really banking on the hopes everyone knows it s star wars day tomorrow cause anyone who doesn t and sees me is gonna be freaked tf out	1
floyd mayweather really fights his last fight this saturday and it s like nobody really gives a fuck lol	2
on one friday rasoolullah peace be upon him said o muslims ! allah ta aala has made this day a day of eid so . . .	0
omfgomfgomfgomfg the black dahlia murder machine head dethklok all that remains are gonna be at the palladium in november ! joooooooy 	1
i u m going to sob if the kremlin don u t play it on friday u c even if it is s night .	2
i may be a patriots fan but i was really hoping the cowboys would win . . . . .i really hate the giants . . . .with all my heart . . . .and more . . .	2
prince george celebrates with cake ! how did your little one celebrate their nd birthday ? happybirthdayprincegeorge	1
excited to hang out with rae laurin tomorrow . 	1
tomorrow s national hot dog day does count as a hot dog if so let s go !	1
red cross syria conflict is now a civil war the international committee of the red cross said on sunday it now considers the confli . . .	0
u wont be able to buy me that latte tomorrow if u work from sillly u c unless we go to gets it once were with troy and them o 	2
today is wishlist wednesday ! it also happens to be amazon prime day . . .get to it 	1
scott walker touts . billion in tax cuts . is he right ?	0
cme will reopen index futures options today at pm ct and close tomorrow morning at am ct for both the trading floor globex	0
i m posting everything tomorrow it was a long day at metlife turns out i have a bruise	0
amazing football with tons of thanksgiving leftovers is making for the laziest saturday of all time	1
 forcefriday as a whole was pretty disappointing . not sure who dropped the ball retailers hasbro or disney . it s star wars ! c mon !	2
wow may be the worst idea since hitler decided to invade russia . i d genuinely rather listen to george osborne . amp i loathe him .	2
almost am on the east coast . hour work day ahead . and this game is going to ot . lots of coffee will be bought at the co op tomorrow	1
the destination of thursday u s premier league was decided today u c see who u s gone into the hall of fame .	0
the most unheralded competitive england international of all time ? mt marino in the thursday night europa league slot	1
good greek editorial primer about upcoming greek elections as polls show tsipras on back foot	1
 may your life one day be as awesome as you pretend it is on facebook will ferrell	1
got me dark souls boys and girls . looks like we have tomorrow s game picked out for the stream . you da best ginna !	1
and i sat next to ryan braun at the bar last night . it wasn t that awesome .	2
nit for thursday what is the thing kids do not like to hear their parents say ?	2
go see the marley movie wednesday night at the f .m . kirby center with george wesley opening . you will be . . .	0
sun is shining by bob marley is now ripping it up on np	1
the next baby boom is going to be in september october because all these couples think that the world is gonna end friday . . .	0
 st scotus pisses off christians with gay marriage law then rightly jails kimdavies for breaking it ! bravo	0
seth rollins going all in thinking the nose may have been cena s horcrux . raw	0
 so i thought ant man was out of the question for the cinema saturday but my boyfriend said the films he s seen are awesome and that 	1
chuck norris was born on may th the nazis surrendered may th . coincidence ? i don t think so !	1
shreya ghoshal will be at the flato markham theatre for a one night engagement oct 	0
anything keeping me going is the zac brown band concert in november	1
sharknado may not be real but firenado is ! thinking of the firefighters who have been battling these conditions .	0
ok . . . sony has announced its playable games line up for the tokyo games show september . interestingly . . .	1
david cameron has just confirmed to the house of commons that ukgov took unilateral military action in syria on august .	0
i am sure that now you re screaming because dean ambrose is telling you you re pretty . . .just kidding ! . . .	1
is scott walker referring to himself in the rd person ? that s weird .	2
marcia gay harden is today . . .loved her svu roles as an fbi agent and especially the amanda knox movie .	1
 october ppropriate oingo boingo . where danny elfman looks at you like a serial kill the whole video so s	2
jimmy g buckets gets buckets ! ! ! bulls down pts in th jimmy with pts in the th clutch	1
dr . arnold u c i think they are just in the semi finals tomorrow . go warriors ! !	1
floundering bjp in tn may get star power swachh bharat abhiyaan khushboo sundar tweets support for the mission	1
happy friday ! here s tom cruise dancing with no rhythm but still being fresh af	1
so shit that we have to wait till january for the second half of season of teen wolf	0
i loved u last album the song sleep like a baby tonight was my favorite	1
hello is it possible there will be a ticket drop for u in stockholm september ? u u ietour	0
c mon vince you gotta help hulk hogan out this thing is silly . fight for the rights of everyman 	0
samsung s galaxy note may not come with auto ejectable s pen 	0
us magazine sam smith writes and records the new james bond theme tune for the upcoming m . . . news may omg nfb	0
we re in hostile territory with these wny flash fans . nd half of overtime about to begin . . .red stars kicking off .	0
nirvana bros be like ah yes kurt rly respected teh women tonight then go back their courtney murder conspiracy tackboard tomorrow lmao	0
yep kolarov and wilson are two i want in for sure . may even get shot of eriksen as kane isn t scoring .	0
yeah harper went tonight . that doesn t mean he doesn t have every right to call out every single fake nats fan that left in the th	0
this may be the fashionista in me shaneismrx but comradeoftheday is also bestowed upon new day s amp seth rollins ring gear .	1
you don t usually get a tough opponent till week murray s had in the st week . whoever heard of having to play top players to win	0
scott walker may be pandering to the party s lunatic fringe but credit where it s due he comes off as an actual lunatic .	2
a quality weekend in manchester with runrig were superb on friday night !	1
watching david price dominate . . . from greece . nice way to end a day of sun and souvlaki . committed	1
silent house may be one of the worst movies ever .	2
no . it s okay . you can go attend miss usa ! trust me you should definitely attend miss usa .	1
i hope not ! not a cloud in the sky so far ! travelling to split tomorrow then in hvar next couple of days . . how re you getting on ?	1
ahhhhh ! exactly ! tomorrow were going to venice beach !	1
ahhhhh i m getting a turntable tomorrow ! shouts to amazon prime one day shipping !	1
new delhi july ani senior lawyer k .t .s . tulsi on sunday said that the government should reconsider yakub . . .	0
trey burke suspended for the men s basketball team s exhibition game tomorrow 	2
how on earth did you make that leap ? the ira lie about corbyn hasbeen debunked	2
i may or may not have just screamed because jack and jack release calibraska tomorrow	1
barely going to sleep after watching dexter all evening ! i love this show !	1
not a bit ashamed to say i have preplanned lots of jokes about the queen parasitology to troll my tory royalist classmates tomorrow	1
c u mon rebels u c put an apple in the pigs mouth ! ! ! red wolves fans focus all of your hate anger at the pigs tomorrow .	2
who doesn t love a taylor swift parody about sun protection ? share to promote sun protection and ski	0
gucci fck around get freed to perform th and the st	0
 nd time he has been injured close to a match against seth rollins maybe satan tryna tell us something	0
obama gives joe biden blessing for bid gt if a second clinton mail server turns up he may get the nomination ?	1
man me and are gonna double date tomorrow with rafa and kim me and her and them two together 	0
and david wright will bat in a major league game for the st time since april th !	0
day chilling with kurt in sheffield u c movie night in then out for a posh meal tomorrow ! maybe even a kfc for breakfast . . . .	1
these five music videos i have posted on my wall tonight here comes the sun george harrison the . . .	0
thanks ! i can t wait for my tasting panel this afternoon . hope to have the reviews up on the mysa food blog by tomorrow .	1
watching john carter for nd time today . you could say i m mildly obsessed with how good this plot is . and taylor kitsch s good looks .	1
it u s cool u c the less recognition we get u c the more we win . i u ll take that . . . .all the way to n .o . in february .	1
tomorrow is national hot dog day ! stop by the leasing office tomorrow between pm to enjoy some delicious hot dogs .	1
supporter of israel who backed israels assault on gaza . now has the nerve to say it may have been too much 	2
is dean ambrose a wwe wrestler ? if he is he s just retweeted this from april . weird	0
beatsmiths ! the homie just dropped his very st drum kit for freeeeee c kendrick lamar . d l that	1
about to watch act of valor for like the th time lol	1
i may or may not be in love with seth rollins . even before that picture tbh . anyway back to the football .	1
sprint offers to buy stake in clearwire sprint nextel corp . said thursday that it had offered t . . . washingtonnews	0
agreed . although it seemed like atleti was still hungover from the juve game . any chance of the azzurri game on saturday ?	2
in this video wwe raw september wwe raw ryback vs seth rollins one on one in the wwe . . .	0
prince george and the entire cambridge family ! featured on new cover of dated august amp on sale today .	0
just before rehearsing this scene and i sat center stage expressing our gratitude to god . for the	1
flashback friday the dallas stars settle victoriously in to their new digs at the aac . watch first game	1
 nd part of crossfire hurricane was ace . would like to be in s era rolling stones please . get it on ol iplayer etc 	1
just got a call from the tudou awards festival we re up for prizes ceremony to kicks off in chengde may th . . . .	1
i have a spare ticket at arsenal on saturday if anyone fancies it ? ! arsenal stoke afc	1
also the detail that the bbc reporting the later date on september simply assumed us drone strike 	2
i really want flor and milan to open their presents i don t want to wait till friday	1
on this day in september raw sheamus vs . seth rollins	0
fatal rollover near richwood a fatal rollover was reported wednesday morning on county road just east of ric . . .	0
tsipras is currently on holidays and on the th he is going to egypt . so i dont think he realizes the situation we are in	2
some christians will tell you that gay marriage is wrong but will but on their th marriage .	0
this was bozo trump s moronic charlie hebdo tweet from back in january not about last night s atrocity .	2
apple is expected to announce the iphone s at pm tomorrow . translation at pm tomorrow the internet will lose its shit .	1
rip frank gifford .golden boy . hof player in nfl and last of mohicans from mon night football crew .cosell meredith and the giffer . . . 	2
we u ve come all the way from canadia . . . on caltrain to stanford ! quatchi s nd street caltrain station	0
katie said she was gonna go see nwa tomorrow . i said name members . she said ice cube and biggie . smdh .	0
 whitepeople tag is like watching sharknado in the rd dimension .	2
can we just fast forward to the end of the year and go to disneyland ball sun splash and graduate already	0
if your in huntsville that halloween discount is valid in person jus hit me up you u ll get it tomorrow	1
s .l . back to edmonton canada ! . . .who s going ! . . . . july st muddafuggaz ! shannon leto on . . .	0
is it me or wwe monday night raw always starts with seth rollins ?	0
c mon you wouldn t mark out if sting was champ ? granted i realize rollins ain t dropping the strap to him but for nostalgia ?	0
i used amazon prime to get harper a pete the cat shirt wish she could have it in time for the pete the cat parade tomorrow .	1
it was a pleasure to meet u at james beard american restaurant in milan last thursday with anthony !	1
q . philip rivers pass to eddie royal to the kansas city for yards . th .	0
although i m looking at his filmography right now and literally the only other film of his i ve really liked is friday with ice cube .	1
watching freaky friday again with danica . hernewfavoritemovie think is too young to explain how good lindsey lohan had it before drugs ?	1
well i ve got a th birthday trip so i was planning on using that for metlife i can just go to the south but thank you for	1
and super cold for no good reason . if it wasn t for laundry tomorrow would be monster hunter under lots of blankets day	2
rousey s fight may have been quick but the most bad ass fight of all time is tom zbikowski v . robert bell .	0
what time is arsenal vs stoke on saturday and what tv channel is it on ? afc	0
prolly go too the vcu game next friday .	0
no power at home sat in the dark listening to ac dc in the hope that it ll make the electricity come back	0
a love affair with alliums vancouver sun a love affair with alliumsvancouver sunat the chelsea flower show w . . .	0
hoping the evening post is right with reports that curtis could opt to move ayew up front tomorrow . fernandez could also return .	0
staver said the group believes the first marriage licenses issued to gay couples on friday are void and not . . .	0
dark souls is my fav game of all time . played it exclusively from release date for nearly months . became a nd home . . .	1
are you going to petrolia u s game tomorrow ? i still havent got to see you or the baby !	2
brought my tickets yesterday at the pre sale constitution hall in dc . .btw way i love ur new album . . .nov . th . . .epic night . . .can u t wait . .	1
dongwoo is like a big baby u c sooo cute i just wanna hug him . . . is dongwoo becoming my rd infinite bias ? 	1
listening to chris brown all day to get ready for tomorrow ! so much greatness to listen to	1
 . you better call milan tomorrow to tell them that you are accepting to sign matri for your own sake .	0
it may surprise you but more palestinians have died at the hands of hamas than from any response from israel !	2
poor match ended their winning streak . they also lost to leverkusen at home for the st time in years .	2
song joongki u c park bo young at the premiere the grand heist gone with the wind on the th .	0
im gr jdog !wouldnt say missing the gills missing football ! the eagles didnt have a good start eh ? have you done sun dream team ?	1
professor read chapters by friday me nicki i hope you know i m doing this for you	0
sad asks rahul gandhi what action he has taken against congress leaders for nov congregation pb	0
for on t mobile u get unlimited talk text data while in the us mexico canada . c mon get with the times canadiancellphoneplanssuck	2
soundboard came today ! tomorrow is set it up and see if it all works day lol . if all goes as planned i ll be streaming soon !	1
 qctimes jerry kill opens up friday s session at the b g kickoff in much like paul mccartney opens lollapalooza tonight down the street .	0
happy th birthday to murray who celebrates with us today ! we hope you your friends and family enjoy your special day !	1
nothing like it november . . . and u . . . christmas is definitely early !	1
threshold s new video for staring at the sun which was selected from a fan video contest .	1
remember i u m not in tomorrow morning ! and laurin u s got the court thing tomorrow all day u c i should be back for about . x	0
is that the same tony blair who invaded iraq on the basis of a lie ? the man you wouldn t buy a nd hand car from ?	2
turns out the issue we ve been having w production is because some of our computers may not update time from internet .	2
haha just like me . ! we both got sent to iss on a friday	1
ancelotti getting the blame for not accepting milan in june . . . . . . . .	2
it s better than pi day in the states which is th march or in the mm dd format . . pie anyone ? changingthesubject	1
 magazine book sports illustrated april issue tiger woods golf on the cover new master tigerwoods sale	1
on the th of march can we celebrate zayn s time in the band and create cute hashtags and post funny things and really cute things pls	1
splash dance every thursday in vegas come check it out before the pool season ends !	0
happy thursday day before friday international women s day and happy more days of the olympics . . yay ! xx	1
these numbers have names abdul razaq darwish was killed at a checkpoint in baba amr homs today . may he rest in peace . syria 	2
in the mood to watch star wars but it s like and i have class tomorrow	0
to show different aspects of iran amp leave the conflict at the level of the leaders and not between the people . 	0
 . maybe he realizes hillary is a liar and bernie may take his hard earned millions .	2
why couldn t terry have taken david wright out in the th inning yesterday so he could play today	0
i think that tomorrow i might buy bandofbrothers dvd boxset in milan . .i hope to find it	1
a train from naples to milan made an unscheduled minute stop at parma on tuesday to drop off the roma squad ahead of tonight u s game .	0
nicki s drag at the vma s blessed my monday	1
 am august th in my bedroom w all the lights off listening to all i want for christmas is you by mariah carey at full volume	1
john kasich and rick perry are vying for the th slot . but a tie could mean another podium on the debate stage .	0
you may love george harrison already but wait till you see him lead . . .	1
they ruled that the laws against gay marriage were unconstitutional and they were . . . th amendment genius	0
niggas mad at women for being hype for beyonce like we not gon be doin the same for future tomorrow lmaoo	0
bentley has the right idea ! it may have been in the s all day but nice and cool down in a stone basement after . . .	1
paul mccartney will perform lollapalooza in grant park in chicago starting today through sunday . with the gop . . .	0
tgif ! gr ful for a blessed week amp greater weekend ! son finishes st week of college and that certain music festival to end the summer ! 	1
don u t forget u c wednesday night is the weekly amateur contest at showgirls in plant city . come see me emcee ! cash prizes .	1
february u c aka groundhog day u c we can pull it off u c right ?	0
new listing coming in laguna hills u c ca ! bed plus bonus room u c pool u c car garage . . .to hit the market officially tomorrow !	1
verlander is possibly ahead of cc more sos better era but cc will bounce back after last night s outing like he always does	1
first labour lead with yougov since last wednesday looks like the tory conference bounce is over though	0
wish it was live so we could watch feeds like we do with big brother ! !	0
that s it for tonight folks on f tech . im out tomorrow at dmg mori technical center for a day . rebull and mclaren are there . exited .	1
cant wait to see flight on saturday u c denzel is one of the best actors in the world alongside leo and de niro	1
wait guys what if they show shawn singing idekyn on kelly and michael tomorrow because he sang that last time but they didn t show it . .	0
he also opened for jason aldean in april . and he put on a good show too ! lt tyler farr lt lt lt kristi	1
im sat with frank ocean right now ! nothing to do with fifa im just gassed	0
disgraceful no way we should deny the world of an adriano luiz adriano left hand side to propel milan to glory	2
disneyland for babes rd birthday everything s paid for . relax time with my 	1
i thought arsenal were the ones who were supposed to have this	0
friday december tony blair says he got david cameron s permission to warn colonel gaddafi to flee . . .	0
looking like the tigers are going to be lucky to beatcleve with verlander let alone their exhausted bullpen tomorrow night .	1
tiger woods ties for th and four strokes behind the winner davis love iii	0
qb christian ponder was taken with the th pick in the draft . picked before qb s andy dalton amp colin kaepernick	0
really wanted dean ambrose to join the wyatt family tonight .i will explain in my new weekly column tomorrow . if my last name was mcmahon 	0
we are blessed with the writing of jimmy mcgovern in this country . long may that continue theaccused	1
italian society for nir spectroscopy great success of the st winter school milan italy and . . .	1
gucci bags oneself privileged communication june enlarge upon the brace thine soul entranceway mere chance in . . .	0
we are club h disco dancing the night away ! thanks jan for dedicating your the devil in disguise by elvis to me ! !	1
hanging out at the prince george mall ! already may have bought a few new outfits . . .	1
we didn t make the hills tuesday night session at paleyfest but those	0
police fear ivan leach u c also known as lee cyrus carried out a very serious sexual assault in tayside u c scotland u c since he absconded on oct 	2
my dream last night was the th harry potter movie as if it were to have happened in my backyard .	0
islam is wonderful and beautiful . you can t tell the difference between a prostitute and a church goer on a sunday .	0
david wright is expected to be back in the lineup tomorrow . yoenis cespedes and travis d arnaud will likely get tomorrow off .	0
it s horrible complete fail compared to the st movie . rather watch ant man or entourage .	2
it s wednesday ! best week in a long time . batman harley star wars saga . ant man toys tons more . love it ! !	1
watching when harry met sally u c how i love that movie ! ! ! a it u s nyc b it u s billy crystal and meg ryan what a perfect start to friday !	1
glass of wine and some sam smith as we take in the beauty of santorini . traveldiaries th bdayvaycay	1
long beach state may be in good shape for the ncaa tournament but they d miss the big west tournament if the season ended today .	0
c mon the next nesta ? says who ? think when comparing inter and milan s defence this season ausilio got it spot on	0
will jessica still be in shanghai on the th ?	0
postseason prep is underway . big east quarterfinal vs . either uc or marquette is saturday at card park . are you ready ?	0
pizza for dinner and watching jurassic world . pretty good way to spend a friday night if you ask me	1
i can u t help but wonder while at the washington monument why they didn u t utilize the grounds to create a huge sun dial	0
go native jet powered at galway . available at for the champion hurdle may go over fences	0
i m watching youtube cuz i gave up with my ps and gta so no gaming with today but hopefully it will work tomorrow	0
happy birthday prince george on your nd birthday have a lovely day amp enjoy your special day . xx	1
swihart singles up the middle to score ortiz from st as red sox go ahead in the th . asher still in trouble with two on and one out .	0
galaxy note may have the great selfie camera of the s smartphones	1
our debut concert is nov . th at the harold washington cultural center with avant syleena u c come support	0
 talklikeyourbestfriend c u mon big ben ! you u ll never get another ring if you keep throwing pick sixes all the time !	2
hulk hogan may have been dumped from wwe s upcoming tour of australia but he s still a champ in the eyes of his daughter brooke .	0
the may have the best defense . .but they still lost to the packers	2
rt last day in mexico city excited to meet everyone from in denver tomorrow	1
all i u m saying is we u re playing june not nov dec . getting the kinks out now cuz come june well be there mini lin	0
ask floyd mayweather if he would prefer to be popular or successful he would have to say the latter .	0
 eggplant you may suck at mario but we get to laugh at you while getting a chance at winning the ipod so we win d	0
why don t you like john kasich ? he is rising in the polls nd in nh . he s picking up endorsements yet no coverage from you .	0
the woman in black the legendary ghost thriller u c touring to dubai and abu dhabi in november december . more . . .	1
alex kim kardashian worth how to love kim kardashian she s so bad sun conure to	2
great progression in teacher trainees at bridging the gap this weekend well done ! see u tomorrow at one more breath at nat christie !	1
this friday the bootleg bee gees roadshow is off to the we love s weekend at butlins skegness and then on . . .	0
this olive garden commercial is so stupid . why would i want old pasta tomorrow ?	2
september is a bastard bearded irishmen half way to st . patty s day party at mulligan s . i m going and erika s going	2
is wednesday normally cascades help day ? i might want to make a trip at some point before january st .	0
keep yr eyes open for incursion . it may not be spartacus u c but it u s going to be out of this world 	1
while all you st pattys day goers are getting drunk ill be serving all of you after last call notlookingforwardtodennys !	2
not great sam smith there he is quality still be a good day i d say especially tomorrow if it s as sunny as it says	0
followed up morning yoga with a little black bear diner . sunday funday at its finest .	1
just remembered i m going to see ac dc this thursday lol	1
per nc state lorenzo brown will have exploratory surgery on his right knee tuesday to pinpoint the source of the discomfort in his knee .	0
congratulations to olivia jordan who won miss usa on sunday ! ! olivia worked with us for several years while at . . .	1
if my stomach still feels funny tomorrow u c i u m going to punch one u c or possibly all u c of the jordan kids right in the kidneys .	2
thunderbolt and lightning may have been very very frightening for queen but it is very very exciting for me . . .	1
rick perry amp bobby jindal for all their trying couldn t even make the st debate over ben you can catch homosexuality in prison carson .	0
we are going for our third straight win today and if christian ponder is locked in an attic somewhere we ll be all alone in st ! gopackgo	1
 . .lefraud can not carry his team in dah th qtr ! ! we u ve seen it time an again ! he looks for miller and chalmers . . .etc !	2
niall mentioned san diego and that s all you really need to know .	0
kanye west is dropping a new album and kendrick and cole are dropping a collab album . the rest of the rap game may as well give up .	0
the sun starting coming out from underneath the clouds and beautiful day by u started playing on the radio . sometimes life just cooperates	1
when it comes to body empowerment and feeling comfortable in your own skin amy schumer is the role model we look up to . on thursday	1
also . . .is it just a teeny bit gay that they want to spend their friday night wanking on a biscuit together ?	2
the ball of fire draws you in you flow liquid hot the sun shines down you u re in nirvana	0
don u t drop the same day as nipsey hussle . . . december st ! 	0
that may be it for the mets tonight . you may not get a better scoring chance than bases loaded with david wright up . three more outs to go .	0
too busy soloing old raids to do anything else atm . firelands first . then icc . then throne of the four winds . i may do ds on my main . . .	0
 mcfashion make your friday morning a happy one watch as brad pitt breakdances with jimmy fallon 	1
the official hashtag for the arsenal vs hull game tomorrow is arshull . lolz	1
up crazy early on a sunday for the start of ironman wales . good luck to everyone taking part you re all amazing	1
have a good labor day red sox fans ! ! ! enjoy the baseball ! ! ! boston hosts the blue jays monday ! ! ! go boston ! ! !	1
hi there . counting down the days until im back in uk and going to see lfc nufc on sunday from my season ticket seat in the kop !	0
anyone want a jason aldean ticket for tomorrow ? 	0
natalie u s visitation is at tomorrow at zeimer u s east on hebron u c the funeral is at at holy rosary on saturday . msg me if you have ?s	0
nah that gucci lit ma you been glowing .	0
 thor stood behind jane holding her . alright you may look . they stood on the beach with a view on the ocean . 	0
come on .u mean to tell me u wouldn t prefer to act alongside maite once again for the rd time ? u just don t want ppl talking	2
where is it so that i may claim some ? also now that i live here i should probably try and get together w you amp maite	0
american horror story marathon because i m going to fail my test tomorrow 	2
i u m feeling a bit of derrick williams tomorrow u c is he available to play ?	0
cainer was given a key to the city of sf . june th will also forever be known as matt cain day . sfgiants perfectcain	1
hope to see you at threshold rebound on folsom sunday !	1
tenby till monday night then st david u s hotel in cardiff wednesday we need it ! ! haha xx	1
is going to be in tempe tomorrow . . .	0
 a things don t bounce off batman . that s superman . batman dodges . b trump isn t a playboy he s married .	0
when zayn sees niall bc n always changes subject when he gets questioned about z so he talks about their th album	0
 oh ok . pick jessica ass up too when you come . imaaa just come tomorrow !	0
feeding the dogs an hour later since dst ends soon and i don t want them waking me up at am on sunday . they hate this . i hate dst .	2
as vanuatu gears up for tomorrow s national elections what do the people want from their leaders ? pm mel port vila	0
i am painset shimmercakes unchanged demigod of the frieks i want power and revenge against twilight and sun butt	2
i love the new antonio carluccio show on sbs . beautiful food in gorgeous liguria italy . watch it every thurs . pm . bellissimo	1
jimmy cliff under the sun moon and stars .mp mp download . music database songs video file music song	0
bethe correia called rousey out again ? clearly she had a few screws knocked loose on saturday night .	0
todd bertuzzi made the best of the nhl lockout wednesday u c but while having his son join an	1
 thisweek whoever decided carly fiorina needed a makeover sadly may have cost her the election .	2
oliseh to ring closing bell at the nigerian stock exchange super eagles coach sunday oliseh will perform th . . .	0
at what point do we stop talking about sharknado and start discussing how tomorrow is national hot dog day ?	0
say what you will about tom cruise but edge of tomorrow is some good shit . killing time before cubs get rained out .	1
may you please show how to rock from episode and so on . . . . .i cant blieve theres no more how to rock	2
icymi last monday in the city with paul heyman . this monday he returns to wwe raw with brock lesnar !	0
i think after tonight we must add a th dark horse candidate to the trio of jeb b . rubio and walker john kasich .	1
this hopefully means that mcpe will come out for ios around the th of september along with all other versions !	1
new iphones ipad pro and apple tv on the way today at a .m . pdt ! appleevent	1
looking ahead gov . haley will visit honda in timmonsville tomorrow at pm . she u ll then visit the governor u s school in hartsville at pm	0
i agree with you re tomb raider box art . may be an encouraging sign ? too early to tell . but still u c classy .	1
brock lesnar live from madison square garden sounds like it could just be a live feed of him sat on a chair for hours	0
sat in bed watching twilight cause i m just that tucking cool right now ! !	1
nirvana has been holding this man back for far too long it s about damn time he went solo .	0
yes ! ahhh gonna be great ! are you going to westfield parramatta on saturday ? please follow me bella x	1
lots of appointments booked in for shaun s trip to the satellite office in haltwhistle tomorrow . its good to keep him busy !	1
tomorrow night i ll be at the goldfish bar for the deus ex launch anyone wanna come for free ?	0
scott walker is god awful . mean and dumb . get him away from his koch bought protections and it all falls apart .	2
paul dunne a did an amazing job in today s open . well done and good luck for tomorrow . we know you are irish now 	1
do you work at ihop tomorrow	0
lmao i forgot to workout tonight . ehh i ll just watch naruto and workout tomorrow night	0
the iron maiden in the th race i ve seen a bunch of times . really good horse . big closer	1
why is may vaseline talking about zayn like they re best friends ?	2
happy nd birthday to the royal toddler prince george ! we rounded up the most adorable pics	1
jeb bush fading from the presidential race and hillary clinton slowly dropping from the th mark in the presidential race . . . . . obvious !	0
have y all ever just sat and listened to frank ocean s crack rock ? the shit is mad deep .	1
it s a cut out of a newspaper . tomorrow will be the first day for papers to come out after eid . factcheck	0
i may not be an important person in their eyes but in gods eyes i feel i am being guided to help save the christians yazidis	0
best attitude for living my pain may be the reason for somebody u s laugh u c but my laugh must never be the reason for somebody u s pain .	1
c mon stuart that s a straw man . we are not at war with iran no matter how much the neocons want it .	0
make a wwe world heavyweight championship match on monday night raw with seth rollins vs roman reigns and you can believe that	1
heading to the th amateur paul dunne still has a share of theopen lead . live 	0
state farm agent scott keller placed rd today of all st year agents in the us ! a pool of some agents . top 	0
lemon drizzle cake man gave me a free latte u c and it u s possibly the best latte i u ve ever had . i u ll be back tomorrow to give him all my money .	1
the boys really like to see the sun . . . have you listened to uan and lwwy ?	1
omfg u c tomorrow at am i u m going to order tickets for d on oslo the th of may ! ! ! ! d	1
donny osmond may be all over my tv but he isnt telling enough people that he was in mulan and thats what im thinking now come on donny .	2
long live the idols may they never be your rivals kendrick was jesus cole wrote the bible .	1
i want to watch paper towns on thursday but i seriously have no one to go with . loner foreverloner	0
ok that is it for tonight ! next week thur night at and possibly during the week at random times aslan and kyle are the winners tonight !	1
tomorrow we embark on a stint up and across western canada . catch us at woof stock in prince george friday on the main stage pm .	0
they should always be included in our prayers . may allah give them the strength and power to vanquish boko haram .	1
a bit iffy that mail and sun take this seriously but somehow suppress anything about tory paedophiles	2
on this day june congressman jack kemp speaks at the national right to life convention in new orleans . . .	0
wondering if mariah carey want to play some concerts with us in ohio after jan . an starting a tour contact john melson	0
u know hillary is panicking when chelsea clinton will be speaking at the amy schumer show in boston this friday .	2
think i might go see the zac brown band in december at joe louis ! anyone interested in goin ?	0
on saturday a record number of fans showed up at the wyndham championship . most of course were there to see tiger woods	1
if congree rule at this time yakub may be on street with the help of ami chando .	0
sitting sat . wasn t going to be there in time to stand as travel arrangements were already made b nia announced	0
good evening briana i wish you a good tuesday and an excellent christmas eve 	1
kanye west just announced he s running for president . tomorrow his ego will be announced as his running mate	0
real madrid defender alvaro arbeloa is considering a january move due to a lack of playing time at the santiago bernabeu .	0
wondering what to do tomorrow in the rain ? come on down to lil u iguana u s children u s safety foundation for their . . .	0
it will also be live streamed at where viewer can directly interact with ibm . indianbizparty	0
in south korea ? unikent is excited to be at the world grad fair in seoul tomorrow . join us at . . . .	1
bought tix for sat u s nets game b prices jumpd and allowd seller to reneg w o proof the tix arent available poorcustomerservice	2
i feel like i m the star of jurassic park . . . because tomorrow i m going to be extinct my brother	1
that is fine . . . i can wait until tomorrow . . . but it really blows that randy orton may lose to kevin owens ? or randy may win . . .	0
the announcement tomorrow the rise of the john cena vids ? its all practically in our faces	0
ok so i want to cry like my expected delivery date for my ipad is thursday which is after i leave like this is the absolute worst	2
ice cube should come out with a last friday with everybody ! mike epps kat williams smokey big worm kevin hart everybody else . . .	0
oh it depends on how many people are pissing me off and the level of rage i reach ! last time was friday night about ukip . . .	2
am i the only one who s seeing david bowie ?	0
last week paul dunne was fighting for a walker cup spot now he s fighting for the open . unbelievable really hope he does well tomorrow .	1
wow it s october rd . i m going to disney world	1
can it be march already so i can see my babe justin bieber thank you very much .	1
ok inbox on ios has a pretty animation for the sun but thew android version doesnt 	2
fab amp s tapes the only shit i been playing lately . . well add cole and kendrick s black friday too of course	0
do i want to see gay rugby players strip tomorrow ? strokes . . . beard 	0
but he ll be on art bell tonight revealing the truth about the alabama leprechaun .	0
happy mini monday ! it s national ice cream day and we have all of the goodies you need to celebrate ! we ve got . . .	1
i have to take the taks test tomorrow . . . . . what	2
monday morning gym tunes for the beautiul soul . zac brown band all alright official video 	1
i havent went to philly in a while my mom going tomorrow but she coming back the day after . that u s bullshit .	2
ha ! i also have it on good authority that chuck norris loved your sessions . see you in november my friend !	0
personal opinion tom brady is going to cum all over the steelers tomorrow ! the motivation he must have after not being suspended . . . yikes !	0
dream big summer reading club ends tomorrow august . this is the last day to turn in your book log for prizes !	0
new iron maiden album being delivered to my work tomorrow . bet your ass im gonna annoy the interns with that shit d	1
loved hanging out with the people at invisible children on monday ! so awesome and inspiring ! 	1
last day closing at dunkin . tomorrow is my actual last day . thank god .	1
i m going to jason aldean thurs . . . i hate country music . . .	2
photo thesejulez this is what th of july is really about . when gaga and beyonce posioned all those . . .	0
i is going to bed . don u t feel good but i u m still dressing up as amy lee tomorrow for work 	2
if you don t like sam smith you may actually be satan himself	0
looks like shawn is heading to norway for a show on the september th ! this is slowly becoming a small eu tour again !	1
spc is bring giuliana and bill rancic for breast cancer awareness month on october th in the gc ballrooms for a free event ! check out . . .	0
that goes for george osborne and theresa may too don t think i ve forgotten you 	1
so the dude on shameless last night is lucien from big brother	0
when you really bought a ticket and had planned to come from az for frank ocean amp could give a shit less about kanye	2
launching moto g rd gen special exchange offer only for you ! starting at rs . 	0
i m gonna sleep . tomorrow we have more dm s to give just with justin bieber . i hope you like our account ! 	1
just another reminder of my request for you guys to sing kingdom come on thursday . . . and safe and sound 	1
most important news of the day national hot dog day is tomorrow . yesssssss	1
for the st time in serie a history juventus has lost their opening games . roma juventus dr .cfc 	0
taking johnny to zac brown band on saturday and summerslam on sunday makes me brother of the century . right ?	1
wku stops mtsu in the backfield on rd and goal from the yard line . th down now . . .and mtsu will attempt the fg	0
i just signed the petition david cameron mp rt hon theresa may mp we are willing to house syrian refugees . . .	0
highlight of monday was chucking a mattress down the stairs which hit eleanor around the face u c causing her to fall down the stairs	0
read my tweets may help you understand ? i am also bothered by the fact that madoff screwed people u c despite evidence of such	2
anyone going to the eric church concert on saturday ?	1
looking forward to listening to bob marley during the bus ride after the cross country meet on saturday bobmarley running peace	1
tonga will perform the first haka at eden park on friday the all blacks can choose to do their haka simultaneously or once tonga finishes .	0
catch it ! mt tomorrow venus will make final trek across face of sun as seen from the earth til 	0
good morning becky . hope all u s well u c may you all have a good day	1
tomorrow is the release of the th anniversary kniteforce boxset featuring many remixes including mine of super sunday ! at the store !	1
nigeria coach sunday oliseh is bracing the super eagles for a tough clash against tanzania in thei . . .	0
gopo we broke the google . will give you new instructions tomorrow in class	0
and the reason why they went with murray he went yards on that run . faked half the sun devils out of their jocks .	0
obama merkel hollande and others are headed to lough erne for the g in june huge story . i ll have more on bbcnewsline in a few minutes	0
thurs aug at pm ! our new series rewind ! kicks off with jurassic park after party	1
i learn how to rap like nicki minaj tonight so that i can irritate my bf tmr after buka .	1
now that cheater tom brady is back the steelers defense needs to step up for opening night next thursday ! sm 	0
milky way ransacks nearby dwarf galaxies washington dc spx oct astronomers using the national sci . . .	0
gbu pm ready for reply on coal blocks congress new delhi u c aug ians with the bharatiya janata party bjp . . .	0
pm to address top military commanders tomorrow prime minister narendra modi will interact with the country s . . .	0
checkers to move to south division in last thursday u c the american hockey league concluded its annual board . . .	0
thursday will mark tom brady s th consecutive opening day start the largest active streak in the nfl !	1
im going to be in november and i was asked for id to get into ted last night . . its s	1
whose going to hmv in leeds tomorrow to meet the vamps ? ? mtvstars the vamps	0
veteran day is tomorrow and i have a project due ? o .o	2
rolling stone crowns bob dylan the best songwriter of all time paul mccartney second john lennon rd	1
the somebody talk in rising sun literally brought kpop from the brink of death	1
lots going on at barca this weekend ! join us for a drink or two . kicking off your friday night dj on pm till late	1
watching the grey with liam neeson . one of my twitter friends recommend . and it u s really good . thanks for tuesday night u s entertainment .	1
sun newspaper disrespecting the war dead ? really labour woman ? what does your leader really think though ? we know he respects ira bbcqt	2
your plans of attending the great yorkshire show may have been washed out because of the weather so how about . . .	2
let me tell you two things that don t mix tuesday night eagles of death metal gig and wednesday morning . am meeting sleepyflora	2
i may have enough to share . . .if i can get them by laurin haha she was pumped !	0
join us friday night after the jason aldean concert for a special night of music with corey cox and scotty . . .	0
first charlie hebdo then friday the th . isis doesn t seem to understand . france is not afraid of you . . .and u cowards will end up dead .	0
trump is running for captain of the football team right ?	2
i ve amassed . million credits in me for the retaliation launch tomorrow . more than a little excited me mybodyisready	1
all ricky martin u s fans interested in joining sips u c you are welcome to do so . theme mustache oct sat tag under sexysoulsinterestingpics	1
sneak peek check out the freebies you can get at cvs on black friday ! link in the first comment 	1
don t know the arsenal s history and don t understand anything about football . impressive . . .	0
caitlyn jenner may have saved helped mils of trans people around the globe .why can t you just be happy for her ?	0
duolingo jumps from phone to windows universal app perhaps the adoption of windows thus far may be sta . . .	1
vampettes we are back on the st place keep tweeting with the hashtag mtvstars the vamps mtvstarsof 	1
 . says activists are planning to march to the sc to petition the sc for mercy to yakub . . .	0
we want to wish good luck to all our red stars that are kicking off their college season tonight around the country ! we ll recap on monday .	1
photo day sunday october went to see the dress rehearsal for aida at the winspear opera house . . . .	0
copper river salmon is here enjoy the st taste of summer even though it s raining outside ! amp mark your calendars for friday one day sale !	1
yay ! friday tomorrow going to have korea bbq hotpot ! and then reading week ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !	1
another chelsea vs manchesterunited today for the th round of the carling cup ! ! don u t miss out	1
linkedin events a celebration for the performing arts in television film theatre fashion november th room e rd st .	0
i think that caitlyn jenner may be the only woman in the world who is more emotional than i am . roflmao ! i love how genuine she is . iamcait	1
bring it on ! ! rt kung fu panda will released on tuesday august 	1
tomorrow i m going to watch it for the th time ! guess there is very much love for jurassic world !	1
 news stuck up sunday shepard fairey andre the giant uncut sticker sheet 	0
cc as odd as it may sound i don t even know this kendrick lamar ! 	0
this is the binder dexter picked out for st grade !	0
real madrid s goalkeeper keylor navas sat on a private jet for an hour as he waited to see i . . .	0
what a great weekend . first drake was in the ville saturday then nicki went for miley s life tonight . what a time to be alive	1
dean ambrose want the ugly wyattfamily one on friday night smackdown .but i confused which one the ugly one . .i mean the all are ugly !	2
the donkey show friday the th is an exciting day for the adrienne arsht center of the performing arts in . . .	1
on monday i request some queens of the stone age to celebrate that they re finally coming to roskilde festival again !	1
this may come as a shock to you but . . georgia is actually john cena illuminaticonfirmed	0
dad shouldn t buy a brand new ps on a sunday afternoon and then expect me to do my homework instead of playing on it all night	0
selling a zac brown band ticket for the rd msg if interested	1
i u m like . . why the fuck happy valentines day is trending on the th of june ? but anyways u c i just knew that it is celebrated in brasil . xx	1
happy thursday ! enjoyed the show so much last night watched x . thankyoutimeshifting ! ! have a great day my greek !	1
are you likely to be showing the everton v chelsea game in the club before the game on sat ? if not any local pubs showing it ?	0
wow u c what a weekend flying lotus u c zombie apocalypse u c writing u c patriots u c dog beach . . .goodnight everyone . monday morning u c screw you .	1
salam imam daayiee happy belated eid may allah bless you !	1
i can literally feel my vision improving because of nicki and kanye ! ! tomorrow i will be such a good day ! !	1
 tickets to sunday s game included in this hail to the redskins package . bid high and bid often	0
rockin crawfish monday night football . . shrimp crab . we forsure just ate like nubian royalty .	0
the white sox really are in no man s land . . games back in the nd wild card . games from a protected st rd pick	0
wow busy ! just saw the promo on tbs for cougar town in jan . you are absolutely a vision u c an angel in white ! beautiful ! ! ! ! ! ! !	1
hi the police put me away from rock im park on sunday . can we talk about the system behind such mega organization like rip .	0
myluk s have worked really hard for tomorrow s bake sale . .come find us eid in the park maxwell park tomorrow . all proceeds go charity	1
anyone want to play the aw s amp d gfinity tourney tomorrow on ps ?	0
ira parade walked past my flat last sunday with hunger striker amp internment banners . clear enough ?	2
 cyber news iron sheik didn t take news of hulk hogan scandal well hulk hogan hit rock bottom friday when he . . .	0
but it s not just about overall nmbrs . murray amp mathews will put eagles in a lot of rd and manageable situations . and finish at goal line	0
 ramadan mubarak to all muslims who have began early . may allah bless our souls now and forever with good deeds .	1
nothing like watching the vow on a friday night . cheers to cancelled plans and sickness	1
great sunday sesh at redcliffe on the murray today ! ! beautiful weather for it . it was also wilsons first gig to . . .	1
thanks israel ! the base band version will determine if the device is up to date . may we please have the model	1
kris bryant could ve saved the cubs a run and thrown it home . adds to his shakiness defensively at rd	0
goodnight irene .al you are easily amused . this club stinks .i think that the brewers may upset the apple cart and win the nl pennant .	2
october new photo of justin with lenny kravitz at . . .	0
jailbreaking ios devices may not be the best idea security vulnerabilities in the ios can rarely be . . . security	0
nice playing j ! no play for me until mon now going to venice beach tomorrow	1
first off u were talking about muslims not all rel ppl . nd all should be subject to same rules not worse	0
when you talk about ben carson please show him not jeb bush like you did on your thurs . show .	2
happy years to l .a . artist tyrus wong ! may the road rise to meet you may the wind be always at your back 	1
it s weird that russell wilson and i have the same birthrate november . same height . same weight lbs . what a coincidence lol	0
 hard dayofthedead weekend just got a bit weirder . chateau marmont on sunday ? what ? !	2
hello can you help me out with ed sheeran info for sep th ?	1
your xbox release on th of october is the exact same date as the elite wireless controller . coincidence ?	1
soton v everton originally sat pm th jan . rescheduled for the monday pm . nice one sky . thinkingofthefans	1
agreed especially friday night ! i love zac brown band and it will be the first time i see them live 	1
hope everyone enjoyed our open twilight race meet held on saturday . a quick update on the two youngster s that . . .	1
dr . mohammed morsi announced as egypt u s first elected president after the glorious th of jan revolution . . . .	1
my boss asked me if i would work christmas amp i m just like . . heck yes ! id work a double christmas day if i could . just not black friday . lol	1
what s going on in dayton tomorrow ?	0
my pals are off to the lake to hear the foo fighters and i m just sat out my room listening from the distance . bailed again .	0
if you re going to star wars weekends tomorrow come see me at my very last sww event signing ! come say hello and get some vinyls signed !	1
same here ! ! the funny thing is that i saw rih exactly one year ago ! on the loud tour november 	1
mt syria deir ezzor bokamal indiscriminate mortar shelling on different parts of the city sunday oct .	2
if israel withdrew from west bank tomorrow it would be taken over by hamas isis or iran in a week .	0
 th annual labor day at the louisville zoo has been a complete success ! lots of friends and families of labor . . .	1
was the amazon prime day a big hit ? well . . there s a primedayfail hashtag trending . at our reports on what may have gone wrong	2
r .j . and bentley stopped by to take a photo with me at the giles county fair on friday evening .	1
tomorrow s going to be so busy and i m staying up to watch harry potter ok	0
come hang out with our wonderful pca u s and learn about networking in the job search tomorrow form in the student union . see you there	1
someone get ihop with me tomorrow	1
are sponsoring the education initiative of the year award at societyawards tomorrow . good luck to those shortlisted .	1
when you gotta read a chapter of a book and then write a page paper on it but you re just jamming to nirvana . tomorrow s gonna be sick .	0
pre order this super awesome riot fest shirt with all the bands on it as chicago wards . we d be in about the th . . .	1
will get this tomorrow looking forward to the sting feature . favemagazine	1
caitlyn jenner s car accident that killed someone was back in february so i believe she was still big brucey at that point	2
you may not know this but america is a majority white country what is obama doing for christians in the middle east	0
ah twilight w the run to yourself ! mt laying down final tracks of the day . see you tomorrow oneparkcity	1
rt the lovely on the show friday . until that beeyotch showed up andy rooney and i were the hottest mamacitas o . . .	1
i m gonna watch jurassic world again for the th time	1
cmon . . . . . chilis all the way obv . . . .isnt s ten your go to ? ? ? nirvana ? ? ? . . . . . .neverminddd	0
pictures of the day october a playful amazon river dolphin u c usain bolt u s shoes and mick jagger .	1
i sat here and listened the other day when that gentlemen mr sakshi magaraj called nathuram godse a patriot . rahul gandhi	0
so i heard earlier today that michael jackson s doctor is finally going to trial . it s been a year now you re doing something ? ! bs	2
rt i think it s time to start calling the democrats offices demand they use the th now don t cave to nut jobs .	2
going to see equalizer tomorrow in the movie theatre . did you enjoy it ?	0
rt names you may know on lokomotiv s roster pavol demitra karlis skrastins karel rachunek ruslan salei josef vasicek	0
come hang with us tomorrow at e . alameda dr in tempe ! show starts at and theres a keg so you best be there .	1
c mon some signage ? some way finding signs ? anything ? how about tell google where your various bldgs are ?	0
all the basic females mcm in atlanta is either jacquees drake chris brown august alsina or trey songz	0
can t wait until april th . red sox opening day at cleveland . april th they open at home versus baltimore . redsox	1
is john kasich the th republican to run for president conservative enough for voters ?	0
rumour has it cupid has you on a piece of string ! friday not sure saturday rumours are funky town in gants hill the big v	1
just turned onto tfi friday . chris evans is clearly still trying to get charlene spiteri from texas into bed . give it up man you re fifty .	0
the main man pedro or shall we call him tom cruise cocktail the movie sunday bar skills	1
i read naruto fanfics like crazy around th grade lmao thanks but german amp english are the only ones i m fluent in lol	0
rt excuse me while i spend my last saturday of the summer making cds watching netflix and chillin in the woman cave l . . .	0
 mtvstarof lady gaga veterans ptsd may recur down the line via foxnewshealth 	0
it all began as an ordinary day in september . . . an ordinary day in raccoon city a city controlled by umbrella .	0
i was very sad to hear this . we love you bobby jindal and may god bless you and protect you	1
look forward to talking bb big brother season and game play with you tonight !	1
nolan arenado kris bryant manny machado and miguel sano are gonna won the rd base spot for the next seasons	0
 yes he is tomorrow i will take him to my mother she didn t see him yet then we can invit jane and thor for dinner too 	0
toxic deserve th place and a season of turmoil in the boardroom plus kane s struggles on the pitch happydays	0
cheap hot dogs today ! thursday is national hot dog day add to the list as well !	1
brock lesnar may have ended the undertakers wrestlemania streak but he did not keep the deadman down .	2
curtis painter s finally going to get a shot tonight . i can t help but root for that guy !	2
our annual count your losses sale runs through sunday october th for every loss your nfl team has you . . .	0
dont forget bjj tomorrow night with curtis last round of promotions coming so train hard 	1
effat university wins the st p g u s university challenge at the procter and gamble u s university competition .	1
so apparently a girl hooked up with niall and he gave her th row tickets smh what a cheap bitch where those front row tickets 	2
harry styles rocking lyle and scott . he may only be . . .but be honest u c you wish you had his life . .	1
hey come to tallahassee saturday . good u c it u s decided then .	1
really ? we always had to make stuff for mothering sunday at playgroup primary school etc . . .	0
apple watch now at best buy apple unveiled the company s first major consumer device in years on monday marc . . .	1
breaking news bobby chloe jasmine amp stevie gail and chris all face eviction from the celebrity big brother house on tuesday cbb cbbbots	0
dunkin accidently giving me a large is the best thing to ever happen to me on a monday	1
i wanna go crazy with zayn till we see the sun . . .	0
 carly fiorina really came off very well in her nd tier rep debate . jim you need an opportunity to the same with the dems	1
the st twilight is soooo bad	2
rick stein really is incredibly dull . bring back kids u saturday morning telly please . you know u c with pop groups and stuff sarurdaykitchen	2
not at all happy that we can t play fall ball on saturday i always look forward to the green bay fall ball team s games really bummed out	2
how much they hate it very kiss girls like katy perry i am never sprung but i springer jerry dont try this at home results may vary bars	0
goosebumps i always get before an announcement . am it will be streaming on apple s website . get ready !	1
lucky trail challenge just opened up . marathon saturday full marathon sunday on st . patrick s day . who wants to do it with me again ?	1
no offense but zayn left on the th an my organs are on the g r o u n d	0
are you really watching sos on jimmy fallon for the th time	0
everyone drink tony romo says he had a no alcohol bachelor party by tom weir usa today details o . . . who will last	0
he ran from the featherweight division has dustin poirier ran off the stage yet now conor mcgregor is sat just feet away from him ?	0
dustin johnson hacking about . it must be a sunday .	0
nyse and cme will remained closed on the th for all us stock and equity futures	0
the bentley may not have any bumper stickers but had alot of test drivers so it s not in that great of condition	0
sat with the girls watching youngfreesinglelive amp getting told similar i am to laura then she goes on a date with a bloody gay . . she is me .	0
rebecca black s friday is still at the top of my playlist . coolkid	1
at no . is jurassic world th installment of the jurassic park series directed by colin trevorrow r tvtop movies	0
harper s a trick pony . throwing from a helicopter doesn t make up for clear lack of cpc vision . rd place amp dropping .	0
but i ll just read paper towns while i wait because i m seeing it tomorrow .	0
fuck that i want david price s s	0
flash cross the ball towards goal but cleared by red stars . rs break down field and cross to mautz but her look goes wide . th min .	0
the thing siri says lol . . . . i m going to sleep i got a date with history tomorrow morning at midterm	1
chris brown comes sept th and tickets are only . they re not great seats but still . . .someone should go with me	1
gucci unmentionables jivatma self confidence april give being to the biform your personal irruptive amplificat . . .	0
no man u c thank you . philly plays you guys on march second where i u m from i u d love to meet you man !	1
had a dream that angela merkel was trying to get me to snort coke with her at a music festival . happy wednesday everybody	0
to jhb bok fans go through to orlando stadium to watch the springboks train tomorrow from pm bokke	0
 rahulstumped mr . rahul gandhi is become too negative as he can not see what the center government is doing or may be he don t want to see .	2
i think i may be wasting my time with them . . .so i will just leave it alone but what comes around goes around . . .karm is a bitch	2
trey songz will be here december at the fox theatre	0
italy former pm silvio berlusconi was indicted tuesday with new criminal charges breaking news buzz	0
guys remember that tomorrow is the last day you can donate to pennies for polio ! !	0
you know i miss you too frankie u c i u m always telling you ! what you doing saturday ?	1
first game of the season for the lakers tomorrow cantwait	1
haha black dahlia was my favorite song by them too ! ! i miss you too . are you still going to miss may i ? ? 	1
thank you everybody who joined us for our trip to jurassic park and amity tonight ! we ll see you next saturday . . .	1
beautiful washington monument in dc as the sun sets what a walking path !	1
still waiting for someone u c anyone u c to show me where fluke asked the gov to pay for her anything . taps foot u c checks watch c u mon . . .	2
reading naruto for the th time .	0
asia stocks mostly up on us u c china data asian stock markets advanced friday as a batch of upbeat economic data from the u .s . and chi . . .	1
h may try . liam would be confused louis would just take the piss and niall would probably laugh tbh	0
wednesday apple reveals their new products . . .so u should set up an appt w your financial planner around the same time	0
what lies have they told ? catholics may have been u ethnically cleansed u in some areas but protestants got it worse u c no . . .	2
kane may have made it i may have lost my bet . but guess what i can speak properly harry kane can t .	2
have you seen thefilmtruth outstanding performances . cate blanchett may win aa for her very strong performance .	1
shawty non kpop fans go shawty its your birthday kpop fans shawty imma party till the sun down sehun go shawty heechul and koni 	1
there s a chance that caitlyn jenner may be charged with manslaughter i should think so as well after what she did to poor bruce	0
 rugby danny care will start the final test against south africa on saturday in a much changed england team . . . .	0
when i say exo is gay new exo stans are like noooo ! haha .the term may not be accepted by some new fans but an old fan knows it very well !	0
what was it like walking onto the stage a performing your first show with the vamps in april ? askdrew ! !	0
even though there is rampage tonight u c a gig tomorrow the best thing about my weekend will be seeing loveyou	1
jonathan stewart and tom brady just went in the nd round of this draft smh	0
ended up with dogs friday . i think they all came to say goodbye to sawyer . here she is with bentley the puppy . . . .	0
come spend halloween with us at volare ! the robbie bartlett trio will be here for your enjoyment ! wednesday is . . .	1
espindola double rocks galaxy the star studded los angeles galaxy may have to face one more game in the mls cup . . .	0
it s friday and the end of a short week . . .result ! ! lets celebrate with and madonna after am this morning ! dave amp heidi x	1
listen to here comes the sun live at madison square garden by george harrison on	0
tmr is swift day and tomorrow s tomorrow is the x factor uk omg and after that we get to listen to state of grace omg	1
can we finally talk about how badly tom brady is going to shred the steelers defense next thursday ?	0
tarheels preseason picked to finish rd behind nc state . bind this spirit ! btw the original carolina is north carolina !	0
the one time we want to use the amazon prime streaming and it s down . . . grrr ruined my sunday night !	2
when chuck norris decides to wake he makes the sun rise .	1
lady gaga is living all our dreams with the actual pony she got for christmas we may all joke that we want a . . .	1
i really want the kurt cobain album coming out in november	1
seeing as you have to be apart of amazon prime to watch certain shows i may have to join to see the rest of the man in the high castle .	0
typical that when the great yorkshire show gets cancelled the sun comes out . oh well . that s england for you .	2
vice president of the senegalese fa has resigned after crowd trouble forced the abandonment of saturday s home tie with ivory coast africa	2
in barcelona tomorrow . . . time to bring out the tees and shorts 	1
kirk gone acoustic with quentin may tonight ! ! kga	0
jason varitek may return to boston for job with flash player installation	0
chris jericho u s have just announced the voodoos eazy tiger as support for their show at on sat nov th !	1
 laughs and takes it off before resting on top of thor s chest you ll buy me more dresses tomorrow . smirks and kisses him 	1
this is starting to feel like less like a petting zoo amp more like jurassic park . me at the strip club for lunch on a wednesday	2
get him straight in the number tomorrow night what you think ? son to kane kane with the rabona pass to son goal tot	0
i really don t want to believe the sun but i after zayn s leaving and all the drama i just can t help but think if it s true	0
director s cut blog ellen kicks off th season with caitlyn jenner on channel . details 	0
espn announces we re going to be here for awhile tonight murray looks to run away with the rd set . up with the serve .	0
the top marvel cinematic universe films of phase and phase with the release of ant man phase of mar . . .	1
i don t expect any changes on the banking and telecom sectors in near future ! may be after completion of wto talks	2
pie fundraiser pickup tomorrow ! pm in the curtis cafeteria . curtises roopride curtismusic whywisd	0
dustin johnson is the best thursday golfer on tour	1
i just realized i ve been watching naruto since i was in the th grade and i m about to start my rd year of college . . .	1
the passing of frank gifford reminded me how great sports used to be before the espn s wrecked . monday night football was an event	0
mark martin by far the most unluckiest nascar driver of all time u c nd times in points the heartbreaking daytona .	2
happy sunday amp national ice cream day ! who s going out for a cone today ?	1
this saturday night binghamton ny at the legion is going to be pure insanity bingofansrock	1
samsung will be unveiling the galaxy note on august th	0
attention naruto fans ! boruto naruto the movie is hitting theaters in october . click below to get more info !	1
tgif ! dj sparkbox starts the weekend off right at pm then tomorrow we ve got live music with see water amp feel . . .	1
damn lol . i needa catch up . you know it took me the whole th grade to watch naruto and that wae the year shippuuden came out ?	0
michael jackson radio may be one of the softest stations . but got damn has some good jams .	1
there are few things as humbling as being present whilst hundreds of muslims pray at the mosque on a friday . have a blessed jumu ah .	1
saadra the droid bionic may be the most hyped phone in the history of gadgetdom . the latest round of spyshots c . . .	1
 state is giving ulol the business . . .long pass play from aplin to jones red wolves up nd q sunbelt	1
did i miss the charlie sheen roast on comedy central or is it sept th ?	0
pakistan to talk counterterrorism with us u c afghans pakistan u s foreign minister revealed thursday that her country would soon hold co . . .	0
yakub s role in march serial blasts is repeated but very little is said about those who organized december january mumbai riots	0
class is in learn the key new terms for the nfl season tom brady is suiting up thursday night against p . . . nfl	0
 . to do tonight see the help in theater amanda knox	0
top upcoming games for the playstation vita after a slow start back in march u c the playstation vita has . . . n g	0
hope you all enjoyed your labor day weekend ! come see us this sunday from am pm ! orlandofarmersmarket	1
i wish hillary would sign off her rd person tweets with aides say . . . .	0
nd projected to finish rd in the big east . has a major size advantage of qu .	1
dear bros sis in islam assalamu alaykum and may almighty allah peace be upon all of you ! . why saying . . .	1
canada responded on monday to gop presidential contender scott walker s controversial comments about building a . . .	0
today in beatles history april paul mccartney announces there is no truth to the rumors that he is dead .	0
honestly frank ocean said july . is he okay ? what s taking so long ?	0
otis curtis amp marvin will put you in an interesting place on friday .	0
and the under on dustin johnson s st rounds . . . and over on last 	0
remember when game of thrones was on tv in sa the same time as in america ? forget the poverty we were a st world country for those weeks	1
jason aldean sunday with this beauty sundayfunday summernights concertseason is not over yet staytuned more	1
come to the petrolia farmers market tomorrow to pick up the last of your long wknd food supplies !	0
 d sure are ! we are playing the lair on dec st with heroes for hire masketta fall forever ends here and wstp come ! !	1
not that i don t love seth rollins he s gold on the belts . but this may be sting s only title run sooo stingonraw raw rawtampa	1
kris jenner gets kandid shocking secrets and admissions ! she may not be starring in any keeping up with the . . .	0
if escobar was hurt i would hope you would be calling for thor s suspension . if kc throws up tomorrow you should have no prob	2
i m still using vista on one amp win on another vista is a dinosaur unfortunately i may use a free with limits	2
love s win stirs fond memories tiger woods may have been the center of attention going into the final round o . . .	1
aviator sunglasses were invented to shield the sun from chuck norris eyes .	0
february when j coke and kendrick colab come out that thing is just gonna burst into flames	1
eric church plays new never heard before song about his son in nashville july th . performance here	1
a month ago i saw d today i see ed sheeran in one month i see twenty one pilots . the th is such a good day	1
track down one gary ablett and check the go with the lovely lauren . don u t fail me lol u c i may need to frock up for the brownlow	0
im so excited for civil war in may i just want chris evans in my life 	1
mtv has hid the results of voting we have hours more to tweet for gaga mtvstars lady gaga c mon monsters !	1
we re watching the apple special event live here tip use safari 	0
going to wear my kenny lofton shirt to work tomorrow to celebrate the ballot . psyched ! hof legend gotribe kennylofton	1
might only play kenny and jason aldean tonight djing to prepare for tomorrow . ya i know i m a loser for going tomorrow i didn t buy them . .	2
everything hurts and we re leaving to go to the white house at am with plans for hours after and my body may actually collapse	2
you u ve got to hand it to tom segal for big saturday handicaps on the flat .	0
 mlb rangers josh hamilton will not be in the starting lineup for saturday s game vs los angeles .	0
how s everyone s saturday night ? don t lie . ur laying in your bed with your smartphone up in the air with sharknado in the background .	0
tomorrow tempe ! catching up with an old friend 	1
next year craven will have the zac brown band on friday after years of requesting them !	0
well u c settled in to the next temporary residence . i have some very nice coworkers . going to check out long beach and the apt tomorrow .	1
have you participated yet ? afriendlikeoyo contest in on at moto g rd gen oyo vouchers and shopping vouchers to be won !	1
you and matt and alex . no school thurs or fri .	1
ramcharan escaped from fine october the supreme court warned the director gen . . .	0
that was a nice nod seeing ice cube writing the screenplay for friday . another movie directed by f . gary gray .	1
the sun is just waiting for its agent to call to see if it can get the job as the glint in justin biebers eye . sun gets saad .	2
with tsipras resignaton greece will head to the polls for the th time in years . via bbc	0
it s time for one last trip to the unforgiving world of dark souls . april th .	1
officially vacation week . . .ok well starting tomorrow . pirates game foo fighters concert amp spending time with	1
not making it to the main debate stage may not be such a bad thing for carly fiorina	0
jennifer lawrence touched down at lax on tuesday sporting a love pin on her purse . simple enough but if you re . . .	0
does it burn right now ? yeah . harvey tomorrow degrom game and thor in game with everyone available . gottabelieve lgm goodnight	1
kendrick s st record is a top album ever imo . nd album is when keepin it real goes wrong . . .	0
close second to the david wright video for your best work of the week but hey it s only tuesday	1
if yakub hangs it would prove tiger memon right . pakistan s isi will have the last laugh .	2
jon stewart on monday night raw is lit . would hit american sweetheart john cena with metal chair again tonight .	1
miss ya to buddy lt what you saying monday night ? down for the kee wtb hollaatme	1
tomorrow i ll be in my room watching lady gaga videos while the rest of the society watches large men tackle each other and throw balls 	1
last saturday i went to see paper towns and this thursday i m going to see it again with my friends haha really good job nat !	1
remember when everyone thought frank oceans new album was gonna come out july th and here we are now august th with no frank ocean album	0
tyga u s careless world moving down five spots to no . with u c . headed into his th week u c the ymcb rapper u s lp has sold u c records .	0
in his first ab since david wright sent a pitch into the nd row of the nd deck in left . would love him if he wasn t a met .	0
sanchez cesc are excellent additions but can t see much central def cover ? is mascherano rd cb or will pep trust the youngsters ?	1
if they question you about nov just say thanksgiving it s the white house they ll understand amp pardon you and a turkey scandal	1
physics professor just extended our assignment from tonight to tomorrow . . .i guess he isn u t the only one drinking . profgetcrunk	1
just had an email from my boss are you free fri th to go milan ? er let me see . . . . yes ! !	1
turn s out apple s snarky statement about samsung isn t quite what the judge had in mind 	2
cardinals and patriots on the tube ! monday night football special large pizza u c dozen wings u c large domestic pitcher . ! ! !	0
another new episode of dragon ball super . thank you sunday s you have given me hope until game of thrones comes back in my life	1
feet first has princetontec headlamps ! hope to so you all at the young life k saturday .	1
may the policy is correct .nda should have done yakub body too .	0
donald trump on tuesday hit back at jeb bush s accusation that the billionaire businessman is not a true conservative amid an	0
 . dose of carly fiorina reality may be the most devastating one yet 	2
lacis logic gets rd and th ear holes pierced on the day she has a dunkin shift 	1
since tomorrow is national hot dog day i wanted to share with you guys that frank meats patty will be having . . .	1
remember the bale s batman trilogy . st movie batman emerges as a new savior . nd movie batman is hated and casted away as a bad guy . . . . .	0
the day has finally come ! iron maiden have released the first single from their upcoming th studio album the . . .	1
pre match briefing with ginny so who are we seeing tomorrow ? i mean u c i know it u s the crows u c but who are they playing ? gary ablett 	0
audio digitallioness justin nozuka band mr therapy man sun is shining bob marley cover this is the . . .	1
rt program alert will be having a debate whether or not boise state can win it all ! check out the show today . . .	0
david cameron the sun and the daily mail make me physically sick .	2
hillary will not make history as st female pres . she ll make history by being st pres candidate to be indicted on criminal charges .	2
heres everybody u s warning nobody better piss me off tomorrow u c idc who you are i u m gonna snap done imatmybreakingpoint canttakethisanymore	2
new post harry potter and the sorcerer s stone waiting on wednesday 	1
carlo ancelotti isco is a very important player . tomorrow james rodriguez will start he rested wednesday .	1
take the st step in faith . you dont have to see the whole staircase u c just take the st step . dr . martin luther king jr . quote	1
pearl jam s european tour ended in tragedy on june with an accident at the roskilde festival in denmark . . . .	2
going to the bat centre on thursday night and being a zombie at school the next day . best !	1
did u hear about ny man convicted friday of plot to kill muslims ? media ignores threats vs muslims my	2
i got options on friday suck it up and watch fantastic four watch ant man again or watch mission impossible rogue mation	1
rt lucy hale is trending worldwide ! the girls from prettylittleliars are getting some love from the fans tonight . congra . . .	1
yeah we went to a kpop concert last friday and it was soo awesome ! ! ohh haha for months xd	1
everyone went to go see j .cole on monday and i m out here about to go see slipknot and bullet for my valentine tomorrow .	1
okay who s going with me to ihop tomorrow	0
how was everyone s labor day weekend ? hopefully you had lots of time for fun in the sun ! mauibeachblankets . . .	1
come support the center for the art of performance at ucla next friday ! in one special evening grupo fantasma . . .	1
the addo rose and garden show takes place from tomorrow until sunday at the valentine hall in addo . easterncape .	0
going to see messi the magician play in november ! campnou	1
so i may or may not be able to afford snsd s new japanese album . not that deluxe version anyway . maybe i ll get the normal one .	0
capcom said they may not make sequels to games that dont sell mil . so that means they only making sf monster hunter and resident evil lol	2
keep repeating islam is the religion of peace and it may become true . what this isn t a fairy tale ? islamistheproblem	2
go set a watchman initial reaction oh no it s a period romance . but i like what the guardian did with the web stuff	0
brook lopez scored points in the nd quarter and was featured by nets . joe johnson was absent u c but should play in nd half . nets nba	0
so the bad blood video out may . vevo announced taylor swift broke the record on may . that s days later . . .ugh	0
ya our game in hand is v bolton ! ! ! ! ! . pointer ha ! . .playing norwich last game of the season ! . hopeless	1
there u s fluidity to the clippers offense even when the second team lamar odom rd team enter the game . before the half nba	0
i ran off with u at amp i think i m still grounded ! sleeping with sirens in feb next yr too ! embarrassingmum	0
yay thursday u c new jersey shore tonight !	0
currently listening to mariah carey we belong together don t judge me it s sunday	1
i guess real madrid will make another move for him in early jan . both navas amp degea must feel so crappy . . .	0
calm down niall she don t want th row tickets	0
four lions is on c at pm sunday if you haven t seen it	0
the nd instructor had the audacity to play prince delirious for one of the songs . i never thought of prince and zumba together but it works	1
playing me some of the offspring in the car . i head may explode due to nostalgia if pretty fly for a white guy is performed at soundwave .	0
squandering th qtr lead losing to packers in the last seconds . at the dolphins will have to scratch amp claw back into playoff	0
new show starkville big krit and guests . october . ricks cafe . tickets on sale friday at am . spread it !	0
loved the way the debate on yakub s hanging was ended by you . we the people today was thought provoking	1
 rt stay tuned for the bowltothewall contest tomorrow and get a chance to bowl to rahul dravid himself !	0
happy th from the bomb squad !	1
it s the nd part of one of his first projects when his name wasn t frank ocean lonny breaux i don t think	0
in an unprecedented move apple is supporting streaming of today s event on a pc with microsoft edge on windows 	1
i think the big danger could come from barca . he may not want to play for real after playing for atletico .	2
left knee inflammation lands rangers josh hamilton on the dl for rd time this season .	0
im not watching no more to watch meg and james be bullyed canceling feeds friday i m done with big brother	2
but will pay dana white for a ticket . you crying about ? ?	0
if i don t go to the gym tomorrow night i can watch sharknado again . it has been too long since i watched .	1
i saw cowboys and aliens . . . ohmygawd it was so stupid . tomorrow i m seeing the help which i hope is better .	2
your helicopter may be wicked u c but your billy crystal is gonna be the going bgreat	0
i m pleased to confirm as a special guest on the bill at the foo fighters gig in mk tomorrow .	1
seven penny stocks on the move with heavy volume april 	0
so kim kardashian is on the cover of rolling stone ? why the outrage ? she may be unsavory but she is still a current trend .	0
had a cameo in the columnist seat monday night . here s my perspective on david wright s return 	0
cody may be responsible for good in the way that ras al ghul is responsible for batman .	1
photoset jeremyrennerseyes jeremy renner at the nd annual film independent spirit awards u c santa monica . . .	0
sixteen tomorrow omg what an breakthrough weekend with all the fellas in the building	1
safety for kane and the wolves go up to with to go in st half over cameron county . d football	0
 otd in the quarrymen played the cavern club liverpool for st time although paul mccartney was away at scout camp .	0
everyday is friday when you re ice cube s highlight reel .	1
i ve just kind of sat here for an hour doing nothing but listening to bad blood on repeat this is normal	0
it s the th day of august . the month s ending . still no sign of frank ocean s album . i m beginning to believe it was all a lie .	2
what makes the rd bailout different is that after tsipras there will be no one left inside greece to credibly manage the memorandum	2
a family friend may not know much about islam rules or may lie or it could be someone who wanna do bad things on their name ! !	0
why is my tl so dead um is it kpop is dead friday or something ? ? ?	2
did i mention i m going to see foo fighters tomorrow ?	0
happy birthday to the coolest golfer in bali ! ! ! may you become cooler and cooler everyday ! stay humble little sister ! xx	1
my favorite part of paper towns may have been the ansel elgort appearance	1
someone get dunkin with me tomorrow morning .	0
everyone please watch asap on abs cbn this sunday to see the beautiful d	1
one day you ll find that i have gone but tomorrow may rain so ill follow the sun paul mccartney	0
such a shit argument . big brother gets millions of viewers the sun has millions of readers . doesn t make them quality	0
way to go roger . old man federer just keeps rolling along . djokernole v . fed for the final tomorrow . cincytennis	1
agreed but i have a salary account and you may reconsider it how much it could be left after eid	0
failing ibm services ruining my saturday . minute test going on almost hours now . and i am mildly hungover and tired . . .	2
happy nd birthday my sunshine . love you more than niall loves golf daddy . .	1
morning all another day at meeting the stars of true blood . autographs and photos for me today once the vodka fug has cleared	1
i just upgraded my moto g st to moto g rd gen . i am not happy with the camera of phone . how can you help me in this matter .	2
they girls still didn t get a selfie with nicki n i was actually hoping for that more than the award . may the manips continue to rise smh	0
feels like a monday . fm kirby center for the performing arts 	0
thanks for all the great google reviews so far ! ! remember to write yours by september nd to be eligible to win . . .	1
i think i u m gonna head to ulta tomorrow and see if they carry the red carpet manicure gel polishes in stores . i want black gel polish asap	0
patriots fans u c patriots fourth and two returns friday at noon est . i hope you can take a listen .	0
so i m in dunkin waiting for my car to get inspected and i m pretty sure el chapos friends just sat on either side of me	1
christmas at threshold new series and lots of new elements begins tomorrow . hope to see you there !	1
i was about to say uk better not get star wars a week early . but they aren t . th is thursday . we get mad shows on thursday s now anyways !	1
europe may find itself relying on success of tsipras s greece tell angela which autobahn to stand in the middle of .	0
i hope paul dunne doesn t collapse tomorrow so many contenders for the jug going into final round ! theopen	0
club pulse was fun af . had a blast . heading to the crib . relaxing tomorrow getting into a lil trouble with friends . gladidonthaveparents	1
true re family backgrounds which brings us to the lessons of tia sharp social services etc . april s dad ?	1
i thought uk gays were the reason we had to deal with sam smith in the first place but most of you are shitting on him . happy tuesday !	2
yellow journalism . but you know ? this may be harper s waterloo	2
i have an extra ticket to a sam smith concert tomorrow at . anyone wanna go with me ? ? ? ?	1
nicki dead hasn t sat in an audience of an award show besides bet in awhile . she can t be bothered with those yts .	0
liberal twitterati suggesting mulcair is a tory cause he has a column in sun today . guess he ll be a liberal when he has one in the star .	0
mj had kendrick with on an album our culture didnt love at st although grammys are hit amp miss in hip hop hes influencing people	1
kuun fastest so far on ss u c williams nd and fekken rd . cronje still leads but the gap is now sec from habif sarally pr	0
yeh it s a joke . may as well make crufts an olympic event too if this counts as one . . .	1
i might update to windows tomorrow now i have a laptop charger again . is the general consensus still good ?	1
dana white is gonna use sean shelby and joe silva as the scapegoats tomorrow if not tonight .	2
just saw that show from sxsw is going to be on axs tv this next sunday november th . dig it !	1
yer off to take son for his first day at big school . then it s google analytics training for me . how was your night ?	0
yes the dallas event did . remind me to send you a link tomorrow . it was on news too . our ft worth event had none tho .	0
me amp curtis off tomorrow and he can t stay up to save his life . omg	1
i m not even a fan of box mma but c mon if you don t think floyd mayweather is a fucking joke then you re clueless	2
can you imagine being th in the polls and earnestly participating in jv debate before the main event ? congratulations you re bobby jindal .	0
u may as well slam tent it all day till roses . whole day in there looks pretty good . start with teengirl fantasy . . . . .	1
that mexico vs usa commercial with trump gets your blood boiling . race war october th . imagine that parking lot . gaddamnnnnnn violence ! ! !	2
busy preparing for izzy u s mini masterclasses in the studio tomorrow . decadent chocolate ganache torte to welcome our attendees . good idea ?	0
selling ticket to chris brown this thursday sept ! ! ! ! ! let me know if you or anyone you know wants it ! !	1
 happy birthday yakub may god make you human next time . .	1
just watched the haye chisora fight from saturday night . haye smashed it . boxing	0
yeah we may pay our fighters . of what you make but they sure as fuck would beat your ass ! ufc response to floyd mayweather	2
we just confirmed nipsey hussle dec . th hall tix on sale friday !	0
ted is such a good film . . . but the st film is slightly funnier	1
patches and bonnets receives its first award in milan by the president of the fair ! th day at the fair and the . . .	1
watched the ladykillers this afternoon . the perfect film for saturday afternoon . or any other time of the week .	1
jurassic world will be rerelease to theaters in imax on august th oh . can you withdraw the money automatically or ? ? ?	1
carry on and the illustrated harry potter come out this day . it s a good day for fangirls everywhere	1
grateful dead resurrected once again with john mayer on guitar while the grateful dead may have reached thei . . .	1
 dec uda leader john mcmichael was killed by an up and under bomb placed on his car by the ira in lisburn	2
they were here in may for crawfish ! did you see them then ?	0
so i have a red eye flight home from ca sat . night at am pst w layover in dallas on cst along with the clocks being pushed back an hour .	2
liam got tattooed on on his body zayn left on the th there are members left therefore ziam is real .	0
for my th last pick u c i went for d will ! derrick williams hehe sana mag breakout na with beasley johnson gone	0
so according to the video on the th louis believes in aliens u c harry likes backflipping gerbils u c liam giggles at larry u c niall laughs a lot	0
rt hey gop no matter how you slam obama you own our credit rating downgrade . it is all your fault we ll remind you in no . . .	2
no ipod until th grade began . . . brother is still in elementary and succeeded in convincing dad he needs one .	0
some of our photos from the premiere at the winspear opera house may .	0
checked out our lady peace at bluesfest tonight and spending the day at the beach for hope volleyball tomorrow . gotta love summer weekends !	1
quite the sunday in sports and ! tiger woods is two shots off the lead at wyndham . is getting pumped .	1
i graduate in november with my bachelors degree . i think my present to myself is tickets to phoenix comicon and san diego comicon	1
i keep thinking about the fact that mmg will be in lexington on saturday and i won u t be there 	2
congrats to ryder cup captain for his under in thursday u s opening round of the honda classic . keep it going !	1
it s finally here ! tomorrow sees the release of harper lee s go set a watchman a sequel to the legendary to kill . . .	1
yakub s guilt has been proved amp pardon plea rejected . why should a sane man spk it now . excusing pseudo innocent may encourage criminal	2
red sox have runners at st and second in the bottom of the rd .	0
if frank ocean drops the first part of boy don t cry tomorrow all will be well .	1
fortunefilmz ighalo absence raises questions about super eagles forward options sunday oliseh threw a major c . . .	0
the secret of the dark souls dev keeping game creation fresh there may be no more dark souls games after t . . .	0
un security council to meet friday on turkish troops in iraq letter to the member security council ira . . .	0
threshold is sun p . come on in after folsom amp rest ur weary feet or play in the fungeon or boogie on the dance floor	1
come buy a rolling stone from concerts for bangladesh august organised by the one amp only	0
there were contradictory signals from the mayor vis a vis evacuation u c n .o . has lots of u canes u c and may have been complacent	0
if wenger is in paris . could it be for cavani or zlatan ?then again he may be on a family break .	0
eww lady gaga is at the femme fatale tour tonight . don t be surprised if you see gaga using britney s props on her next tour lol	2
literally so annoyed with everyone on kanye west s weenie . . . he s just another celebrity puppet and you all fall for it ? c mon	2
watching tuf tomorrow just because conor mcgregor and urijah faber are the coaches .	1
 housemusic news jason vernau live set nightclub miami february th jason vernau is back with som . . .	0
 black friday best price underwater case for the following olympus evolt digital slr . . .	1
i might invite myself over julian u s house tomorrow now that i think about it lol	0
 rui en u s off to macau tomorrow for the filming of poetic justice . and here u s a note from her 	1
e l james is writing a th book to the fifty shades series ! it will be out before christmas 	0
texas u chouston when i meet with him tomorrow i will tell him how many copy u s i need would you like one with a case or no case	0
fabio capello from what i u ve seen these days i can assure you russia are capable of getting a good result vs portugal tomorrow .	1
four palestinians were killed on thursday among them three who israel said were carrying out attacks on soldiers in the west bank as	2
under pressure release u c eurovision u c victory album realease u c st european tour u c eurosong waterline u c your fav pic with them	0
west indies pull out from the india tour after the th odi in dharamsala owing to pay dispute with their board .	2
selling one jason aldean ticket for saturday at blossom let me know if you need it !	0
i open pandora and etta james is playing ! way to start the day off right ! motown music friday	1
madison bumgarner just hit a bomb . his rd homer of the season . other people with this season matt holliday josh hamilton jon luccroy	1
morning from woking where it is a dull start but hoping for sun to break through later . couldn t stay up for end of murray s match . 	2
just had a vision it was a couple minutes ago but rousey had priority dean ambrose turns heel on reigns on sunday . match at summerslam .	0
nothing like finishing the last day back to work with friday s and ant man .	1
 hydrogen car news lexus may reveal a new hydrogen fuel cell car lexus has plans to reveal the new ge . . . carkit	1
it s monday and i just need to know the status of this nicki and miley beef . . .	0
sec lunch links some linkage for you on a thursday alabama will throw some different thin . . . sec ncaa sports	0
tomorrow will mark the third anniversary of niall picking marks nose and eating his boogers	0
aww ! ! thank u too ! ! have a nice swift day you too ! ! and good luck for tomorrow ! ! i hope you have a wonderfull day ! 	1
man utd v arsenal on sat sees the best defence afc in the league conceded . p game against the best attack utd scored . p game 	1
any m amp g for ed sheeran on your show tomorrow or in the near futures	0
saturday morning means extra nice coffee doing my nails amp watching tv with my little cats prepping for foo fighters gig tonight at mk bowl !	1
may or may not have gotten my mom into the john cena meme	0
taker . undertaker attacks lesnar to a disrespectful amount of boos . hope undertaker beats brock lesnar for the rd time at ss	0
but it s ok for sustained alarmist biased and untrue general coverage from the sun mail express sky and bbc ?	0
re reading the harry potter series amp not giving my uni books a nd look has been a great way to spend my summer . thank you xx	1
jeff foxworthy leads a bible study with homeless guys on tuesday mornings and has for years . how cool is that ?	1
james bland i ll take this for our st anniversary and valentine s day . . . . .but pink roses please	1
rt check out the brand new video for dinosaurs released aug th on mta .	0
yay ! ! ! !rt excited to interview the new cast of dwts tonight for e news ! they have no idea what their in for 	1
well . . .i think im going to see rise of the planet of the apes with my shadow tonight . . . mmi	0
hey we will be showing boruto naruto the movie october th at pm amp th at pm ! tickets are available now !	1
br u s amazing food u c music culture scene may be encased in strip malls like a baby embedded in a king cake u c but it u s there .	1
manturov russia and iran may begin the payments in national currencies news russia	0
i really hope the are working on a hall of fame style bust for seth rollins for monday . sethrollinsisthecure	0
the impatient and arrogant mars jupiter opposition has separated u c but may still get one last go when conjuncted by the moon tonight .	0
tracking texas a m football players in the nfl draft texas a m may have the biggest surprise of the n . . .	1
next friday the year olds get to make a gnome house in reading club . how cool ! ! !	1
if lcd soundsystem amp david bowie are both at coachella you might as well bury me at the polo grounds when the sun comes up monday morning	0
gucci bags psychic apparatus mystery of mysteries january arise the twin yours separate from link in for ablaz . . .	0
all this is just banter . wait and see when real madrid announce the transfer at noon tomorrow .	0
we now on the nd half of the show now katy perry this is how we do . . . .	0
can t believe naruto is still running . . i remember watching it when i was in the th grade	1
see you there wednesday bring dunkin iced coffee amp 	1
tom brady is the nfl s favorite child ! he could rob a bank and still suit up on sunday !	1
he ll be in iran as long as obama wants him to be there . o could bring him home tomorrow if he wanted .	0
people worried about david price pitching tomorrow but they seem to forget we own the guy nyy	1
murray avoids the sack and run for a st down .	0
omg ! see you on amazon !	1
wwe fan jumps rail and walks ramp with seth rollins during monday night raw entrance	0
just walked by florida u s practice field . they were blaring mizzou u s fight song . i u m guessing so players will hate it by saturday ?	2
just synced saturday s live set on my ipod . time to pick up fragments of my memories together and cry on the train . . .	2
he u s coming to the houston rodeo in march ! !	0
photo the streets outside the central rail station in milan italy are seen free of vehic via	0
nova friends u c you won u t want to miss this monday ! ! fairfax victory rally w mitt the gop team mitt 	1
jason aldean amp kenny chesney tickets for sale . concert is the th . good seats for a really good price . text me asap for more info ! !	1
raise your hand if you thought david wright would return on august with the mets five games up on the nats . . .	1
kluber takes perfecto into th but tribe falls kris bryant hit a walk off home run with two outs i . . . fanrates	0
working the celebrity power game saturday at calstate la at the door . gonna be with kendrick lamar u c rick ross u c clyde carson u c ect .	0
floyd mayweather beaten several women and still boxes and be became the most paid athlete . and ray rice doesn t get a nd chance	0
i m pretty sure it s like katy perry s last friday night	0
turns out having less than an hour u s unbroken sleep leaves you feeling pretty grim on a tuesday	2
may allah save and protect the muslims in car	1
i m going to buy my ps tomorrow . problem is i am really confused about buying madden or not . should i ? why ?	0
but the difference is thay rousey will fight whoever they throw at her and may picks his fights	0
lady gaga feared she may end up dead independent online gagaupdate	2
pretty sure kane will interfere on sunday in the taker lesnar match and taker wins then they have a rubber match and les nar wins .	1
i haven t been able to watch tvd live these days due to football . every thurs there is high school fb going on at pm . like wtf !	2
going to wales with college next saturday to climb up mount snowdon 	1
kanye west said all these things i ve been saying as long you dont do shit for yourself they will use you theirs st 	0
 rd verse on by gucci the best diss verse period . he dissed jay z amp jeezy amp crushed that shit .	0
that s not true ! it s a pic from the month of january after charlie hebdo . for the moment it s forbidden to go out	2
got some more great pix and vids tonight in chicago . . . not sure when they ll get uploaded since i m headed to detroit tomorrow .	1
so harper is blaming del mar racing another meet for the summer meet s struggle . never change california racing .	2
paul dunne an amateur shares open lead going into final round . amazing ! padraig is th 	1
off to do my vlog . watching devil inside and journey the mysterious island tomorrow . . . 	0
best of luck to and nicki doing the rainbowrun tomorrow morning ! ! have fun and get colourful ! sundayfunday	1
 sighs sadly beckoning into my arms . it may seem like that now but you have tegan that s something that went right .	1
moms gone it s national ice cream day and school starts tomorrow . this is dinner . ben jerry	0
remember cupid at convo last year with the bomb candy bar ? ? if you liked that u c you u ll love next tuesday u s tr	1
abraham decisions stieglitz to win wbo title in saturday night action from the o world arena in berlin german . . .	0
haha you gotta give me the info tomorrow then lol	1
a whole monday and i can t get rid of the chris brown songs doing replays in my mind . for the love of breezy sigh cc	1
anyone going to zac brown band concert this saturday ?	0
chris davis leads mlb with ks . kris bryant nd at at . . walker leads sl at . pct . nd place is . .	0
which is more important john cena s th title reign to tie or number to break the record	0
preview for the upcoming john cena book wwe is set to release a new book about john cena on march . . .	0
i saw tenth avenue north saturday night and he sang part of bad blood talking about unforgiveness and shut up and dance .	0
has anyone ever seen and iron maiden s bruce dickinson together in the same room ?	0
jr smith wanna be a starter so damn bad lol u c nigga said th man of the year award is not what he u s thinking about	0
 th caution u c danica patrick and cassill got into it . danica u s going to the garage u c hit cassill then the wall . hc 	0
what an awesome night to celebrate national ice cream day with rd annual ice cream churn off . congrats to all . . .	1
thanks to and i have been reminded that ice cube s good day was my th birthday .	1
repost bikes just opened up for soul sunday am terlingo cycle four tops bee gees gloria gaynor like . . .	0
 st one thunder cats u c the skull with fire ghost rider and i think the one below the skull is captain planet 	0
i had this written at like half today and almost forgot to post it ! featuring wilco ant man whas and more .	0
coffee and catch up today with and then fusion fest tomorrow to see ed sheeran . so excited	1
rt rt names you may know on lokomotiv s roster pavol demitra karlis skrastins karel rachunek ruslan salei . . .	0
de la soul the th of july in amsterdam ! ah i wanna get my dela dunks signed !	1
 biodiversity human floyd mayweather may know who ronda rousey is but he certainly doesn t seem to care . in . . .	0
may the odds be ever in your favor u c aussie directioners ! aha ! 	1
ffs louis is the fucking sun niall is holding his damn guitar liam is the only one singing seriously amp no one knows wtf harry s doing	2
loving mgsv but bug report ! on ps and x the ground and animals in the herbivore area may not load .	0
going to see richard dawkins amp mehdi hasan debate at the oxford union tomorrow .	0
the iphone s the greatest thing to ever exist since the iphone . crowd goes wild 	1
fx has the best thursday night lineup . in fact fx has the best shows on television probably from tuesday thursday	1
 amy schumer appeared on monday at the th place in the top of los angeles s trends trndnl	0
flashback friday to last halloween when i was hulk hogan . good vibes are with you brother !	1
windows upgrade icon trey keep bugging me so i decided to give it a chance at home i m with linux may the force be with me . . 	0
alright ladies and yes gents . our poll is here ! you may know these two best from both thor movies and the avengers among others .	0
don t feel obliged to discuss dexter tonight . living it large in brighton so please use direct messages . . . .	1
it s our rd anniversary ! can you believe that ? many thanks to all who have supported amp are continuing to patronize mitchie s sweet petites !	1
do you think setup on the lexus favoured the st driver ? ? ?	1
very bold of cnn to show the hulk hogan sex tape during the gop debate tomorrow . . .at least we can see disappointing dicks on channels now	2
quran says when flag of islam flies over every country the th imam shall rise up out of fire amp smoke amp rule his domain .	0
looks like i u m going to bolder tomorrow .	0
bill gates received from ibm to write the first program for it s computer . th	0
will be at metlife on sept with a towson tigers flag !	1
carly fiorina prevails in fight against cnn debate rules the network announced tuesday that it had amended it . . .	0
today we get the specs on the iphone s . will i be buying a note this friday or pre ordering a s ? possibly both ?	1
waste time just like watching on friday and she said chris evans birthday yesterday and	2
we have finally discovered a day of the week worse than monday amazon prime day . seriously monday gt prime day . primeday primedayfail	2
cba with work tomorrow ! boring blag	2
saw him in indy with eric church brantley amp others . st act started and kenny started around .	1
ed sheeran is in town tomorrow and i won t see him it s been years and i still haven t seen him live hahah	0
 info grand opening sharetea bubble tea with nov mall taman anggrek jadwal ke besok !	0
i may be bad at sex but i just beat brock lesnar at summerslam for the wwe championship so who s really winning ?	0
friday night listening to calibraska with my dog	1
could this be islam s th column ? very few women and children in any of the photos we see .	2
sun thor the elf was checking out tanner s toy box for gift ideas . thortheelf 	0
the fresh beat band goes tom cruise l to r color of money born on the th of july jerry maguire just good ol tom	1
missing foo fighters concert on the th at the gorge though so that s a major bummer	2
sam smith you have high expectation tomorrow . i just left futurehive	0
i really don t like wishing time away but i really wish it was september th and i was seeing ed sheeran and the squad was in florida	1
our squad right now is good enough to challenge for the rd place but if we sign romagnoli witsel and zlatan i see us title condenders	1
zlatan is a doubt for friday s game at lille with sprained ligaments in his knee . he had to be strapped up during the game last night . psg	0
the united patriots front has announced that it will rally in bendigo on october as part of global rallies against islam .	0
our se member the alresford community choir to share the stage with brit award winning on sep how exciting !	1
this was on ps so it may be different on xbone . i can t even play lol	2
long overdue celebration of african lit on fri sat with former un sec gen kofi annan more	1
just looked up foo fighters set list for tomorrow and i m sooooo excited it s so perfect	1
david owen why british olympic sport may miss a man it should have made . . .	0
tuesday june is election day in virginia . please vote in the republican primary for jamie radtke for u .s . senator !	0
year end ira distributions may affect eligibility for the premium tax credit via irstaxpros	2
you need rd party launcher like nova or an activity launcher then google play services gt androidpay and done ! 	1
angus young s cap flew off six songs into ac dc s set on saturday at gillette stadium but the guitarist didn t . . .	1
this monstrous david bowie five years xlp boxset is part of our off black friday amp boxset sale going on . . .	0
i don t particularly like iran . glad they are doing the right thing to bolster their defence against those drones	0
sunday oliseh i called mikel obi but he didn t pick up the super eagles team list was released at the begi . . .	0
i hate when ppl do rates on ig lie ! the bitch look like undertaker you gone give her a . c mon man !	2
with the th pick . . .the packers select some fat punter out of wichita st .	0
i get to see her tomorrow night when she opens for ed sheeran . can t wait for both !	1
aw thanks sam ! i miss you too much . tomorrow you better text me . i have a lot to tell ya .	1
i just remembered that best buy started selling iron maiden s new single on friday . i don t care that it s am i m going now	0
i was obsessed with twilight in th grade i loved it so much	1
 signsyouneedtogrowup you still hit up the skate center on friday nights	0
its the first one with a new scenario for ios and android . . . it s off until am tomorrow !	1
 . . . .is going as that upwards kid that he played so well on sunday night ? ? ! ! . . . .with his prop friend u c adidas ?	1
so erases hulk hogan from their site but jimmy snuka is charged with rd degree murder and his profile remains ?	0
 syria oct picture for the fighting yesterday in karm eljabl	0
i thought big brother came on for the longest today and i just realized it s monday and the foolery comes on tonight .	2
 amp houdini by the melvin s . nd best grunge band under nirvana . honey bucket and night goat will make u want to punt a baby lmao	1
thursday u s top one game u c five great plays from an exciting night in the nba on thursday .	1
interlaken kissed by the sun . taste them saturday	1
one . more . source . c u mon google u c just one more pleaaasseeeee	2
due to the hurricane game of the the eastern conf semi final has been moved to rfk on nov . the nd leg will be in ny on nov . dcu	0
apparently it s not just the final round that makes dustin johnson choke it s just sunday .	2
in case you didn u t spot it u c greys anatomy is back next wednesday at on living 	2
our paper needs to be turned into blackboard and google by midnight on friday it needs to be less than on blackboard ! ! ! aumrsch	0
can t wait to see amy schumer with tomorrow !	1
will do imma try to go down to t mobile after my first class on tuesday . i ll just hit you up on here when i get it .	0
dana white is a terrible promoter sometimes . instead of praising holm her for her performance he says rousey had a bad night ? c mon man .	2
down to blaze with joe and i tomorrow ?	0
mack sure you check out and this saturday club bodi	0
opine with clintons missing e s ever wonder if huma her lover who has ties wunited brotherhood of muslims she may sent classified one s them	0
great to hear you on bbc live on wednesday . nearly fell off my chair at ukip inclusion bbcbias	0
niall had sex gave you tickets thats not love love is when he protects u he takes u on dates he wouldnt put u in the th row of the concert	2
boko haram extremists on monday raided a village in restive northeast nigeria s borno state near the border with . . .	2
joabyxnx last monday the undertaker took brock lesnar back to kindergarten . yes i watch wrestling . wwebattleground	1
we may be playing san marino but it s good to kane get on the scoresheet	0
will rescue hillary s campaign ? today in this america it s very possible . . . .	0
abc has u c and the country music awards u c they may still have a little credibility come wednesday . tcot	1
my biggerst worries about this hurricane are meryl streep and susan sarandon u c because they live in ny u c may god protect them and ther family	0
scummy saha will play against us on saturday u c i hope he won u t score like how he scored in the north london derby	2
that th down play in the colts game back in is one of the dumbest decisions i ve ever seen	2
harry kane may be a noble prince but he can t score goals without his army behind him aka why is kane always alone up front cmon guys ugh	0
lionel messi in ten years at barca has scored in each different minute of a game except the st th th and st .	1
if i go to claytons tomorrow come over and bring it . and you owe me . .	0
conor mcgregor s next fight is announced for december . starting now that s like months of loading up the band wagon again . . kickboxing	1
it s crazy how i listened to frank ocean again for the first time since th grade amp it s like i time skipped from th grade to now wtf	1
 th is just great bc it s like st pattys just merica canttouchthis	1
like your pose and the background st runner up jessica sanchez ! i am your fan from the philippines . .	1
quite enjoying on mnf he looks more at home sat down tho i don t think he knows what to do with his hands when he s stood up	1
damn brah it was good too ! we play the knicks tomorrow	1
the hitchhiker s guide to the galaxy game th anniversary edition need to sign up with the bbc online .	0
if these runway renovations at the airport prevent me from seeing taylor swift on monday bad blood will have a new meaning .	2
can t wait for them both ! september is equally impressive with ffdp iron maiden slayer bmth and parkway drive ! m 	1
he s off to barca in january	0
welcome back khi faysal bhai .excited see u again in jeetkadum .happy rd day of eid .	1
i definitely watch a different game than you . england nd best st half and not that good nd half kane is difference	0
if milan will reach final copa italia but they lost against e .g . juventus if juventus in the league their position rd . 	0
juan cuadrado arrives at juventus with a point to prove like carlos tevez insists general manager beppe mar chelsea	0
if you re in heaven sunny with cardigan wind . if you re in hell humid no sun feels like it might rain but never does .	0
on february th . desperation day a magical night u c when a ten has the self esteem of a four and the depraved enthusiasm of a two . bd	0
my excitement to see kenny chesney and jason aldean tomorrow is through the roof	1
i have two tickets to kenny chesney and jason aldean for august th who s coming with me ? ! ?	1
sun ce throwing down with cao cao is serious business better watch yourself r k	1
not sure what you mean . continuity doesn t require a separate rd device watch for two other ios devices to pair and share .	0
bobby jindal clashes with republican rival over health care washington aug all the republican presid . . .	0
ye i was standing on the same concrete as lionel messi and cesc fabregas on saturday ye ye ye	1
no one on the lions has gotten injured today since leshoure ! contract extensions all around ! bam	0
british open updates amateur paul dunne among three leaders paul dunne walked off the th green at st . andrews on sunday with a sh . . .	0
i m sorry she may be the queen but madonna is a bitch gogaga	2
the intruders are coming . thebachelorau is turning into big brother . bring on the friday night games . bachelorau	1
this weekend daylight saving time ends . be sure to set your clocks back one hour before going to bed on saturday night .	1
sure as the nd tier for lack of a better word along with iron maiden era s megadeth	0
best part about thursday is that vampire diaries play .	1
dybala leading juventus new look attack and living up to the hype inter milan s hernanes and marseille s mar . . .	1
and with the almost guaranteed draft day swap of picks u c the pats will get a th rounder back when they inevitably move down in the draft .	0
a florida player would never get away from a cop with pot and a gun in his car . michael dyer did then got dismissed 	2
i just wrote a prayer to bernie sanders . what are you doing with your friday night ?	1
also good news i m going to go see ant man tomorrow twerktwerk	1
kerry can see the rationale behind the charlie hebdo attack . fairly disgusting	2
news to mark prince george s nd birthday a new photo has been released of the toddler amp prince william today	0
seriously debating going to see paper towns on my own tomorrow	0
i should really stop watching big brother after dark cause it s only sunday and i already know the nominees and who won the veto . . .	2
might go get a ps with tomorrow	0
just put a bet in for tomorrow night already . never did this before . miami heat . against the knicks .	0
hidind the scars from all the kids at the ogt s tomorrow will be hard . . sigh 	2
focus on the fact that we have to get calibraska to tomorrow not on petty drama lol	0
south korea may be china telecom s next foreign conquest china telecom has entered the south korean market by e . . .	0
yay ! rest day friday ! happy tgif everyone ! aldubwishimaine	1
colts game sunday with yeahbuddy	1
get well soon tressa ! have a nice day tomorrow 	1
under hrs till the album is out ! get urs on cd or mp download at shipping aug miaklose rock london	0
doesn t think vice president joe biden will run biden recognizes that he won t win retiring as a sitting vp may be a better idea	0
new tomorrow reviewing federer serena and the pre us open storylines . this is what we sound like	1
got a sweet tip for all you fantasy softball players . star player curtis dinger wilkerson is out for tomorrow s game	0
photo nationalpostsports the buzz the steelers shut down robert griffin iii and the redskins on sunday . . . .	0
just makes you smile when you walk out side the sun is shining and u s it s a beautiful day is playing in the background .	1
a muslim distinguishes islam and islamism explains why the nd more dangerous than nazism . . . to muslims amp others	0
talk to my dad tonight and we suppose to go to detroit in october to c all my family nd my great granny ! !	1
bsca delhi police says report about sunanda pushkar s death inconclusive delhi police said friday the forensi . . .	0
ze a u s dong jun and b st u s dongwoon have been cast for the role of frank in musical catch me if you can which will be their musical debut .	0
true religion ? i give fk to any and islam comes st in the q	2
finally able to see paper towns tomorrow . the excitement i am feeling is probably not ordinary but i just don t care 	1
presidency military may wipe out boko haram insurgents ahead deadline the nigeria military could wipe the in . . .	1
he he he he west indies players to fly back on their own expense after the th odi in dharamsala timesnow 	2
 . . . bit of lightning ? he may have been the boss of olympus but poseidon controls the majority of weather phenomenon u c also . . .	0
do u remember this ?performing at the givenchy grtmilano party in milan italy . sept . th 	0
pls tv just get that sucker u s leg rvp broken me on saturday pls ! !	2
morning everyone ! ! starting off our tuesday we have . . bee gees with i don t wanna be the one	1
presumably in the balance of justuce the arrest of soldiers over bloody sunday fiasco means old ex ira members will also be questioned ?	2
mdsl finals this sunday july at pm . come watch mysa take on the detroit hustlers at ultimate soccer arena ! ! 	1
august st is such an emotional day forme drive was put onspotify dmd videoreleased christians cover and i might be going to url tonight	0
it seems that politicians can use the bbc to issue propaganda but no one else may . the recent marches and . . .	2
kris bryant blasts a home run to deep left center ! bryant s th home run of the season . cubs letsgo	1
on sunday the direct tgv from paris arrived in interlaken for the first time . am sonntag ist der direkte . . .	1
 beatles cd paul mccartney amp wings band on the run th anniversary ed . cd set beatles ebay auction	0
caitlyn jenner may have killed someone with her car but in her defense there was a problem with the tranny	2
so tomorrow s dark souls video that i just recorded might be the most confused i ve ever been on video .	2
didn t know tomorrow july is also birthday of yakubtohang . thinking tonight of what is going through yakub s mind amp if he is remorseful	0
i have a date tonight in denver watching my denver broncos cream the new orleans saints ! spent sat . on dashboard .	0
classes tomorrow . . . have you ever wanted to try pilates or yoga ? great exercises for both mind and body . . . .	1
polar dust is hitting black dahlia in boksburg on the th of november . click here for event details 	0
remember the ira ? they re christian too . we may wish it weren t so .	2
nope xdd i live in moskau u c and . . . . it u s not so cold . . . . in siberia u c may be xd so . . . whatever our governor ?	0
godfrey was kinda funny though on comedy central tonight .	1
 birthdays valentine s day and now gonna see a th time for my anniversary on thursday and i m so excited ! can t wait ! !	1
tomorrow is national women s day . anyone doing any interesting day trips tomorrow on the public holiday ?	1
world briefing africa mali red cross prepares food aid the international committee of the red cross said monday that it had star . . .	0
good afternoon everyone it u s monday afternoon and i u m live on the airwaves of amfm till pm . hello and welcome to amy lee in the afternoon .	1
same flag two ships ? lexus may add second flagship model lexus may be poised to flesh out the upper echelon . . .	1
watching the rd season of teen wolf always makes me cry	1
kyle if i see u tomorrow i m gonna molest you	2
she did makeup for kim kardashian kylie jenner charlize theron should we keep going on ? this february th amp . . .	1
islam make her really special . in quran there is a special chapter with her name as the surah . may peace be with her	1
creighton volleyball leads early in nd set . match becomes even bigger with both wichita st . missouri state down at home tonight .	1
when you have tests tomorrow and a lab to do but your ipad is dead so you can t do shit 	2
lmao . i only miss the jokes and what not . walking in the sun was shit ! and that bitch candy cane is still missin !	2
tonight s lp wednesday album is sonic highways by the foo fighters playing from onwards . come down and . . .	0
the idea that the mets would have walked harper if it was st nd no outs in lunacy .	0
isaiah thomas tweeted that he worked out with floyd mayweather on tuesday .	0
nebraska doesn t land gesell . . .a top guy in your state and you don t get him . c mon nebrasketball	2
oh shit you just reminded me . i have work at tomorrow at woodchicks and a call in at at vans . could you cover it ?	0
anyone at all wanna see paper towns on friday with me ? i ll buy the popcorn	0
i reached nirvana . walking back from camping on a sunny sunday morning listening to some good music . can t beat it .	1
so honestly even if the pc version is great it sounds like ps is terrific as well . may just come to preference .	1
congrats to our athletes for coming in th overall with medals ! rd best we ve ever done in summer olympics !	1
so with today being my last day at holi today or veryyyy early tomorrow will be the last time i can use my phone until houston .	0
eden hazard s pass for mata s nd goal yesterday was an absolute dream . had the watch it about times to believe it . worldie	0
good to see some of you at the great yorkshire show last tuesday yorkshire hour	1
for everyone freaked out about the iran amp ny dam story will be on the tube shortly to contextualize .	0
colts game sunday with i can t wait !	1
when thy plans get cancelled go to the coffee shop and listen to frank ocean the th commandment or something . . .	0
come to the eagles club tonight for monday night football .	0
i was sing tomorrow by the winans in class and i was told i sound like brian mcknight . . . . .never got that before	0
i hope you saw this rolling stone article . it s amazing ! ! see u in baltimore sat !	1
everybody s talking about adele . . . guys ! new david bowie tomorrow !	1
are u guys gonna give away more tickets to meet shawn tonight or is it gonna continue tomorrow	0
it ll be a special night saturday in metlife if victor cruz indeed does takes the field . .	1
ice cube . the film the year old l .a . native wed to kimberly woodruff takes us back .	1
 mufc really need to sort their shit out ! no defenders amp attackers ! stones amp berahino or kane may not be the best yet but would take them	2
loving my new iphone from t mobile i m in love with ios ! can t wait for the sept th event	1
caitlyn jenner may face manslaughter charge in malibu crash i read it on video 	2
yolo ? ofcourse u c but with in that life span yu may be an become diff ppl u c the life we live in aint the only life we gone have u c be smart	1
countryside alliance a few people trying to control the bbc so that they can carry on abusing animals freely .	2
nbc should send nancy snyderman down to interview ebola lab gal on the cruise ship . they may hit it off .	1
best part of friendship with thursday convos are shut down in time for rock .	1
just been to see jurassic world for the nd time accompanied by little brother . he went you re chris pratt . . . but with flamingos ! boom	1
 newser donald trump i felt like i was in the military donald trump may never have actually served in the mi . . .	2
ryan braun failed me friday failed me saturday . . . i went back to him today amp he came through . short term memory is key in mlb dfs	2
the wildest lie i told a chick when i loved in atl i told her i just got drafted to the falcons in the th round before google was poppin	2
domino s song of the day for tomorrow september rd is ed sheeran photograph listen for it sometime . . .	0
wow david price st and nd no out . lets just strike out the next ! ! unreal gojaysgo	0
based on the review of the paperboy i am a little excited that nicole kidman may be hitting into a sharon stone phase .	1
i missed it qt i have got to remind myself to watch stevie tv every sunday . i was dying .	2
the first time i told someone that i had an interest in girls was at an th grade valentine s day dance . i was there with my friend gabby	0
may i just say that tom cruise looks hot as fuck in a navy blue suit	1
for when your working day eventually ends . . . . david bowie speed of life off low . happy friday	1
john kasich seems like he may be too level headed to be a republican . gopdebate	2
grateful dead plays the beatles though it struck me that the latest gens may not know . . .	0
i may be a little too optimistic but i think the browns vex themselves of the baltimore curse and beat the ravens . maybe its just me lol	1
josh hamilton pinch hit single ! venable to nd ! deshields at the plate ! no outs ! let s go rangers !	1
careless world tour hit up places in cali . haha the fuck u c yoo .	2
one last sunday night without game of thrones . . . thank the gods .	1
yakub financed the blasts and died but his brother did not care enough for him . tiger did not come and surrender t	2
catching up on sharknado tonight . ready for tomorrow	0
rt the mantra from republicans to democrats today is if you don t like our plan then where is your plan	0
today s header years ago today prince george was born son of the duke and suchess of cambridge amp rd in line to the throne dailyheader	0
if shawn wears a suit tomorrow at the vmas . . . .i	0
chapter two of twilight done yay d if i m really lucky i may get a third done before we hit the road on wednesday . fingers crossed !	1
and just wait for the bbc partnership to kick in . may as well rename eastern tory policies now	2
majority of customers in the following areas should be restored by sunday night burton u c chardon u c conneaut u c eastlake u c mayfield hts u c mentor	0
that s confidential and privileged information sir . no matter how great the sex may or may not be .	0
hee hee ! do you know that picture was taken after husband bought me tickets to see the ladykillers for the rd time .	0
so mad i have school this week . . . if i didn t i would be in nyc because shawn has a show tomorrow and the jacks have one the day after	2
i found my old ipod classic from the th grade the songs on it oh my god	0
may i just ask do the ants in ant man agree to work with humans willingly ? because otherwise it would be horrible .	2
if you know a leo u know we doing it big ! ! ! ! come party with the leo u s tomorrow night at the jett lounge ! ! !	0
chuck norris gets shot today tomorrow be the bullet s funeral !	0
bucket list tour to see ac dc in ottawa thurs . a friends first trip to ont he s ! his bucket list i will webcast ya !	1
when did d pass us ? when they go up to the st when they was in the th ? mtvstars lady gaga	0
amazon prime day tops biggest black friday for the company amazon s first prime da . .	1
may even get to watch the north london derby match at emirates for the first time next season !	1
 rd annual miss usa pageant with wings night for me . lifegoals	1
milan to recognize rosie the riveters at council meeting monday the city of milan will honor three real ros . . .	1
if scotus can make laws about gay marriage amp abortion the next logical step is redefining the nd amend . get ready	0
cool couch . . . sep kamvar u c reid hoffman u c cesar hidalgo and john maeda with john hockenberry medialabio	1
happy friday everyone . it is . in south africa . a great day to all and enjoy a super weekend 	1
 nba season starts tomorrow ! who is your favorite team ? will the heat repeat as champs ? sacramento kings . nope	0
i may not be old enough to get blown up fighting a war for saudi arabia but no worries i can salute the blue angels at the football stadium	1
saudi arabia women voted in municipal elections saturday morning marking the first time they have been allowed to cast ballots in the	1
are you going to enrole tomorrow ! ? ! ? ! ?	0
we come from ireland and you come from italy ! we are both free spirits and we found each other ! see you in milan on jan th ! x	1
waaaa hooooo bernie sanders trending again in st position on fb . p .m . mst pdt . sat . sept . keep up the good work . we will prevail .	1
 . .the cuddly muslim eid stories that are about to flood the soaps won t mention any of this gt gt gt gt 	2
you wouldn t go near curtis s at the moment would you . i can t imagine irish cav will still be fav by the off tomorrow	0
cranking iron maiden tomorrow when i head to work . if you are going the speed limit get out of my way .	1
i have meet cute dreams a lot . meet chris evans figure out how to date wake up . they re all like the first rd of a contemp romance .	1
also you didn t include the maccabi emporio armani milan game at msg on th . . .	0
angela merkel at the rd national electric mobility conference in berlin emobility	0
murray down a set and losing in the nd set to the anderson . hard to beat the big hitters when they re serving at their best .	0
murray has this . he may not have it at the moment but i m not worried usopen murray	1
i hope that is sept or you are merlin living backwards in time	0
david cameron s former adviser charged with child sexual abuse dougrichard davidcameron	2
i think i u m going to watch the artist for the th time in weeks nite before i got to sleep . jean dujardin his charming smile d haha	1
so happy because i m going to see justin bieber march rd ! ! ! ! !	1
members going to chelsea or leic away can collect their tickets from seanzi as of fri am or sat v stoke	0
hey guys ! we ll be closed tomorrow th . d wan has been blessed with a ticket to the foo fighters concert so . . .	1
may i have a dm with niall ? 	1
just watched the rhonda rousey v . meisha tate fight for the st time and that was one of the nastiest armbars	2
deca meeting tomorrow in the media center at am . we have a lot of stuff to talk about and breakfast will be provided !	0
the mets get to see the ring ceremony . that s the message they send to thor .	0
i m going to dunkin tomorrow and ordering iced mocha coffees for myself to stay awake and complete all this work	1
scott walker in interview sunday that building a wall along the northern border with canada is legitimate issue that merits further review 	0
tomorrow is the big dark souls race between myself and starting sometime between am est be there !	1
zlatan is still a beast . if he s replacing rvp then it s good business	1
slavoj zizek how alexis tsipras and syriza outmaneuvered angela merkel and the eurocrats in these times jul 	0
after days fuckuover is the th most played song on my ipod . only another or so plays til it beats what makes you beautiful	0
we bought our tickets to sam smith in april and they reschedule it for september th the night before bye	0
bruce dickinson on top form with book of souls not enjoyed an iron maiden album on st listen this much since a matter of life and death .	0
yess please it s been way too long i move in th i m going to tricounty and gonna transfer to clemson please come visit ! !	1
i once turned down a performance david ruffin style due to the venue serving pork sliders . . . .like c u mon bro	2
looks like we may sell borg to either fenerbahce galatasaray or besiktas they are all interested knowing that if he	0
halloween is the third biggest party day of the year behind new year u s eve and super bowl sunday	1
a crappy cycling app that doesn t even support the apple watch faved this tweet 	2
i sat with peter garrett once in business class . that s my story .	0
mariah carey shows fuller frame in malibu with twins sunday daily mail	0
try the best wurst of portland at the polish festival the th annual portland polish festival . . . portlandevents	0
doubt it . rumor has it kane may attack lesnae because lesnar put him out sting shows up sets up taker vs sting mania 	0
you may think you re having the worst day of your life and nothing could be worse but at least you re not the guy that cheated on beyonce	0
also hillary may begin to give the perception that perhaps she may tend to allow herself to be portrayed as less than accurate .	2
so review says no homerun . red sox counter with review saying he was out at rd . reviewitall	0
 bjp narendramodi bjp wants rahul gandhi to come clean on british citizenship issue may raise it . . . uhf hdl	0
i remember i was the only black kid in my class in th grade and we had a play about bob marley but i lost the lead role to a white girl lol	2
on july th ten thousand villages supports see how you can help .	1
oh you will . . . . unfortunately i may have to toss a few to matt . . . he did my homework	2
i would use that in ads from now until october st . republicans politics first country somewhere in the top .	0
i don t know much about algebaaaa but i know today it s the th and it happens to be jay z s wife s bday .	0
man rapes infects lover s kids with hiv in benue state the police in bauchi state on tuesday have arrested . . .	0
im sorry but this is the st time i saw hoya unattractive at all hahahaha	2
i play cribbage at the eagles club on thirsty thursday . partyanimal	0
hoping to look fit tomorrow on the jeremy kyle show itvfashion	1
either way its probably true rmbr when the sun said zayn was leaving and we laughed and then zayn left	0
want to introduce you you do similar brilliant work . planning march of dead women to parliament	1
hey students ! do you like movies ? then join us tomorrow at cinemark at pm for ant man ! the movie starts at pm . see you then !	0
sunday reflection why the gop should give obama the higher taxes . . . well the debt deal is behind us but it . . .	0
arrival of ship arabian tahr port abu dhabi time nov am utc time of arrival departure is the time the vessel app . . .	0
happy friday with batman animated series s forever !	1
pray for the peace of jerusalem . pray for the peace of jerusalem ! may they be secure who love you ! ps 	1
marca real madrid s tactic is to wait it out and hope the gk does not renew which would then mean he becomes a free agent on th june .	0
anyone selling tickets for bullet for my valentine in swansea oct th ? ? left it too late to order . contact me .	1
because come november u c whoever is destined to be the next president will have my full respect . whether it be obama or romney	1
french super cup tomorrow . . . zlatan s future should be confirmed in the day after that .	1
i m waaaayyyyyyy too turnt for a wednesday night . i blame carli and whoever queued up the kendrick version of bad blood on the radio .	0
i m still not over kendrick s black friday freestyle . lyrically up there with the control verse . i said it .	1
a bleeding threesome with lady gaga and matt bomer . it s so simple . c mon .	0
reminder that today is the final day to signup for knollwood s michelob open happening tomorrow for members amp for non members	0
ben said bicester was full of chavs u c well i u m currently sat with last years cast of jeremy kyle . uh hypocritical much ?	0
hopefully you are having a great sunday afternoon i ve been watching kpop videos on mxy tv today	1
who s gonna drop shit first or frank ocean the world may never know . . .	2
that s not true . israeli zionists want only a jewish israel which means nd class citizenship for all non jews	2
mrs arrested streaking crufts . judge gave her nd place with her puppies but said her afghan could do with a trim	2
yea . i u m going to be in raleigh tomorrow morning	0
hi julie ! i was wondering if i may have your email i would like to ask you something privately it has to do with big brother .	0
someone should tell frank ocean that tomorrow would be a great day to release an album	1
see everyone around the st . patrick s day parade on th ave hours . have a great day !	1
one alanis morissette sun is shining bob marley wake the town uroy reckoner radiohead vibrate outcast	1
 btw watched edge of tomorrow it was v good i m mad at lord xenu for making everyone feel weird about tom cruise 	1
ed sheeran tinie tempah and rixton wow audiences at the fusion festival on friday bi . . .	0
 th street just went from playing jason aldean to acdc pick a genre people .	0
just met with cj u c banjo player in come out to neighborhood theatre on june rd for the concert ! you won u t want to miss it ! !	1
go to ferry corsten on sunday at sutra i u m going ! ! ! !	0
imagine if population age of muslims in india declined amp someone wrote asking muslims to be happy about this	2
bob marley ambush in the night . artists and politics . on december bob marley his wife and manager don . . .	0
anyone want to watch american horror story with me ? i m on the th episode of the st season	0
 minutes until the sharknado hits for the rd time . oh hell no ! ! ! ! sharknado syfy toledo bbn	0
damn ! i forgot have to take ces pics tomorrow too ! definitely going to sleep right now ! goodnight everyone	0
 . and are hole leaders in clubhouse . dustin johnson just starting nd rd . wsaw thisismajor	0
amused by the nd hand commentary on the apple keynote this morning . techthings wheretheladies	0
the moon is wandering far from home too long that the sun starts missing him . zane amp shawn tale .	0
guys you have to tweet these links for a solo dm with shawn and taylor	0
gucci unmentionables inner man dauntlessness december accrue the couple thy joker on speaking terms inclusion . . .	0
ahaaa . mom is funny af u . lolrt my mom called said she u s going to thee club saturday to see plies mom sit down .	0
icymi the new ya coming of age story paper towns may be a tad cliche but it finishes strong and boasts a good cast	1
two guys in floriduh tried to rob a t mobile store after it closed on tuesday night . . . but it happened to be . . .	2
adamawa to pay prayer warriors n m to pray against boko haram . at st i thought this was a joke . now i know money s the root of all evils .	2
i m gna play more tomorrow my ps controller battery is running low and u can t access the menu with the ps controller	0
espn stats from sco v ireland yesterday . haven t watched the game yet but the stats tell one story	0
check it out saturday grateful dead songs wine paired via	0
this sunday . . .revenge u c and a game winning td for kyle williams . we have already destroyed the last teams and we u ll keep rollin	1
when it comes to weathered instruments there s brian may s guitar sting s bass and motorhead s lemmy	0
damn i don u t wanna get on my computer . tomorrow my harry feels are out of control and the outtakes video broke me	2
after five long years there s finally going to be a new iron maiden album releasing next friday . next friday .	1
reminder go and see ms . murray first thing tomorrow morning in f if you still want to sign up for an interview !	0
the india rich list edition will be available in mumbai from today .other cities can get it tomorrow onward . it remains on stands till dec 	0
it may be kejriwal n rahul gandhi feeling too cold that s y no new drama but they will make their come back soon	0
hey sharknado is all about april ! ! you better be in sharknado team april all the way ! tara u rock !	1
lbj out with cramps . steps on chalmers . c u s ball . offensive foul . u c heat ball . left in the th .	0
welllll who wants to see ed sheeran with me on the th ? ? ? ?	1
good for david cameron . importing the rd world while displacing traditional european culture is not in their best interest .	0
trying to watch ahs at a bar and the sun is just hating me	2
but with a new ipad coming out i may be able to snag an older ipad at a decent price .	1
ktorg rd year da start clinical years . half a year kt india lagi tahun stgh kt melaka . what about u ?	0
cabin fever drops tomorrow . no way it u ll be better than taylor allderdice but i u m still pumped for it .	1
my background on my phone is this totally hot pic of jennifer aniston when she was like in the rd or th season of friends .	0
scott walker building canada border wall is a legitimate issue this rw idiot going to build one around boston too ?	2
anyone fancy meeting amp me for coffee amp cake at the tea chest in lechlade tomorrow	0
nickelodeon slimefest is on saturday th of september at the hordern pavilion near moore park feat . justice crew u c stan walker and many more	0
george zimmerman will face court june th for the murder of trayvon martin .	0
 nowplaying u bullet the blue sky new york july u radio u liveconcerts	0
so happy with saturday s result . points against atleti negredo not risked now nd on the table . lovely .	1
cosmo u c sims u c paul rudd and klonopin induced naps all day i u ll get a job tomorrow or friday buy klonopin online 	0
going to the heat vs . bobcats game december 	0
gabe carimi called for his nd holding and rd in games . but got lucky with offsetting calls . its his first time facing de cliff avril .	1
i was supposed to take my sats tomorrow but it got postponed . 	2
 worldcup rivalry with ronaldo key to messi s success kluivert barcelona sep ians lionel messi is . . . news	0
just a reminder than we will be playing in hmv in buchanan street on tues the th time tbc . hope to see you guys there x	0
to set the record straight i actually like i finish first of the gospel project this sunday we went to byu together .	1
look at the countries we u re playing u c we were th seeds . also we u re missing ched evans u c bellamy u c ramsey u c collins etc etc !	2
why am i just now finding oht about black friday j . cole and kendrick lamar	1
alejandro valverde wins stage of paris nice . can he catch bradley wiggins ? the answer parisnice	1
briana has a normal sized bump for how far along she supposedly is its the same size as the girl i work withs and shes due in feb	1
wednesday is movie day ! we recently saw ant man southpaw and amy the amy winehouse documentary . what have . . .	1
i hate you u crash more then any other application tho office ur close nd u both can share firstplace my dislike day	2
cant wait to see u in wilkes barre pa dec th at kirby center . r u coming out after the show for pics n autographs ? prettyplease	1
jbid sounded a bit like james murphy last night i was there . . . when ronald reagan . . . at the st can show 	0
a little bit of rain wasn t enough to dampen the spirits of amy schumer and her sister kim caramele on tuesday .	0
jay z didnt go anywhere near beyonce til she was of age though	0
i swear to god if this boy is pulling a frank ocean all the boys will be crying . i have such trust issues now .	2
sony u s putting out a new ps firmware update on tuesday that finally lets you see your ps vita trophies on ps . about ing time u c sony .	0
 f s saints trip moved everton u s january trip to southampton has been resheduled after it was selected for live te . . .	0
if you don u t pipe down i u m gonna injure tim howard so you have to watch jan mucha all year ! ! insultsomeoneliketysonfury	2
reminder national hot dog day this thursday july from pm on the village green . grilled dogs with all the . . .	1
happy birthday ! national bieber day . now he u s th years u c but he u s stillkidrauhl indonesiasayshbdforjustinbieber	1
watching a year with armin van buuren for the th time	0
wondering how to spend this wet and windy friday evening ? come and see the magnificent cate blanchett in carol showing at . .	1
ryan braun hits his th hr of the season and wily peralta gives up run in innings as beat reds .	0
that year is to be unspoken of . remember those rubber bracelets too ? i may or may not have a dog tag with cannavaro on it . . . .	0
tryna get in the bed witha . .and put my rd leg inna	0
federer s second serve placement is awesome . that s why he s the best server ever . nobody has better placement on st or nd serve	1
been a great day ! finished my th overall half marathon this morning at disneyland . werunsocial runchat	1
what happened at the spurs game last night mate ?	0
breaking news sting will be at raw and open the show this monday	1
quiz time . . . coming up . answers on the osfc physics page only ! st correct answer wins a kitkat chucky . u must be studying physix at oldham	0
jurassic world this th jurassic park film shows that a movie doesn t need great characters if the dinosaur scenes in it are super awesome	1
tomorrow is the only day i will ever wish i went to msu . . amp it is only because of the possibility of seeing ben affleck	1
kpop may not be my friend but at least he knows how to make my day a little brighter and my mood a little better .	1
same for the us uk saudi arabia etc . . . let s not forget any of them .	0
congratulations david cameron ! may god bless you amp your country .	1
c u mon c u mon does sound like queen u s we will rock you somehow . . .	0
chillllll lisa you re gonna go out tomorrow and be gucci	1
my uroboros tracking from amazon is different . . . i hope that means it s coming via the route that will make it in time for friday delivery !	0
perficient amp ibm added you to list perficient ibm watson thankyou . have a terrific tuesday 	1
mom tells me to not spend so much time on my ipod but when i ask her to take me to nd amp charles to buy me books she says no . . .wut	0
hey frank ocean i know u been fuckin with us on your new album shit but dont u dare drop it on the th k thank u	2
 dark souls comes out in march . i know you love it and you ve tried with dark souls amp to no avail .	1
kendrick had the best album coles was nd	1
currently singing the nd and rd voice of bad blood . thinkwecansolveem	0
i just checked for cheap ed sheeran tickets for next wednesday in miami . i could usually find something for less than bucks . 	0
u s travel to iniskeen tomorrow in school final futures bright for the sons of st patrick . . . .good luck lads .	1
need to pop to the bank tomorrow before star wars need money to buy cloud for curtis .	0
sunday night lounging ! jett lounge is the destination ! big leo celebration ! everybody free all night ! pool t	1
first tweet from moto g rd gen . really wish it had a fhd display .	0
rt suengyeon said that kamilia is miracle in the fanmeeting in japan yesterday .	0
don t do it ! he won t respect you ! rt boehner asks obama to move speech to thursday	2
real stupid you can t change your avatar to a premium one you bought on ps . what if you no longer had a ps . c mon .	2
reggie wayne got rocked at the goalline sunday the other team tried to help him up he wouldn t let them . thats what i wanna see	1
check out the senior bowl u s st scouter u s delight 	0
whats the secret between you and tom cruise making awesome movies ex jack reacher edge of tomorrow mi rogue nation 	1
p g shifts top executives to singapore singapore us consumer giant procter and gamble p g said friday it wil . . .	0
mallshow with the pbbunlimited big wendy u c divine u c deniesse at pacific mall legaspi landco plaza u c april u c pm ! kitakits u c taongbayan 	0
man it better be some blens out george mason friday night . . .one of the prettiest big boys in the eastern province will be present	1
what if oakland beat the royals in the bot of the th . . . . it would have been a bay bridge series all over again . maybe a . earthquake too	0
ancelotti i always use isco but tomorrow james will begin the match because he was in the bench in wednesday s match	0
i liked it a lot . held my attention much better than dark souls . i may have to go back to that now .	1
i have to be up am to be work at fml had a good time at the grammy s whitney houston tribute . sat chairs away from bobbi kristina	1
participate in independence day contest and get a chance to win moto g rd gen on august . . . .	0
so with you buy tickets for saturday to see flo you ll only see her and kendrick i m not sure but it s what i understood when	0
red sox center fielder mookie betts made a tremendous catch look almost routine in the fourth inning of sunday . . .	1
we saw the birth place of jesus and walked the pathway of the palm sunday entry of jesus into jerusalem . tc	0
braking carlo ancelotti speaks about his team performances before the el clasico ! his words may shock you ! see . . .	2
may i know how you can be so sure that yakub is innocent ? any proof ?	0
what i plan on eating tomorrow at the . . . deep fried kool aid u c deep fried derby pie u c deep fried girl scout thin mints u c etc . . .	0
holm doesn t have enough mma experience . she s going to get schooled . rousey will simply demolished her . ufc 	2
not sure how to start your publication on ios ? we ll be live helping with ask me anything sessions today and friday	1
one day dean ambrose will be wwe champion and mark april on your calendar ambroseforwwechampion	1
how deep is your love by bee gees was no . in the uk charts on december 	0
my brother s reaction to the end of sharknado may be the single greatest thing i have ever witnessed . epic	1
should you upgrade to new os windows ? lunch and learn in palmcoast this wednesday sept th 	1
my sister has tickets to see kenny chesney and jason aldean for tomorrow s concert . asking cause she can t go . dm me if interested	0
next sunday u c the th u c were having our nd comic book swap meet at the apothecarium ! comics u c games u c movies u c more comicswapmeet	0
friday september th celebrate the iron maiden the book of souls album release party ! starting at pm buy a . . .	1
today launches with apps for ios and android devices in the us and uk here is what you need to know	1
t g news normandy post office saved the u .s . postal service announced a plan wednesday that will keep the norm . . .	0
all of a sudden nobody s talking about june nobody s talking about the dodgers about kershaw mccutchen bryce harper or wainwright . 	0
dear german citizens any concerns or criticisms you may have over my actions mean you are xenophobic and racist . i win love angela merkel	2
i u m working overtime to elect mitt . radio appearances down the homestretch . on huckabee national radio on friday .	0
anyone wanna give me a ride to the jason aldean concert friday ?	0
i hope my mom let s me go to wings tomorrow with mitchie !	1
bbc news website has absolutely nothing on the ikea stabbing . is it because muslims may be the murderers ?	2
kim hyung jun ! i love you . . . 	1
 yard td pass from philip rivers to eddie royal . extra point good . chiefs down with left in st quarter	1
happy saturday ! today we re listening to cover of sam smith ! listen to it with us !	1
i want to rewatch naruto subbed i may soon	1
got invited to the chris brown concert and i have class tomorrow 	0
live biden speaks at pa labor day parade following his speech vice president joe biden will march with afl . . .	0
some girl tried to tell me that paul mccartney was playing the perry stage tomorrow . like what ?	0
i prefer to juan and murillo for cb i m actually worried about the milanderby this sunday milan are	0
if anyone is selling zac brown band tickets for the friday show contact me please	0
night everyone . we will be in beverly hills most of the day tomorrow and then disneyland tomorrow night . love y all !	1
great day today with family . now to get ready for milan on monday christmas merrychristmas blessed grateful	1
briana draking it because of ivan you good ?	0
donald trump will tilt the planet away from the sun . it ll be marvelous and you re gonna love it .	1
jennifer lawrence was just a normal high schooler not too long ago just check out these . . .	0
i sat gates . but i have olsen instead . shoulda started both of them instead of asiata in the flex .	0
if it weren t for blair there would have been no good friday agreement and the ira would have won !	0
i do agree that rahul gandhi may not say the most wisest things in public but let s not forget how media portrays .	0
love you papi ! way to go . ! awesome ! ! big fan ortiz belts th home run in red sox win over phillies .	1
sunday is national ice cream day . to celebrate the following retailers are offering some pretty sweet deals .	1
the rd of chris evans comic book super hero franchises .	0
rip frank gifford . the voice of monday night football . i didn t know he was . condolences to his family and friends .	0
if you re not on curtis or wagner vars you have no say in whats going on friday period	0
better ward off the christians that may or may not follow me	0
lee just sat down on his cot and stared at thor . silently . if thor thought lee was going to answer another question he was 	0
just watched rousey s enterance from saturday again she blinked once while on cam . didn t blink at all once she saw bethe . . . .scary focus	0
that singers in action in concert this thursday at the hammerstein is gon be epic ! beres hammond sanchez wayne wonder . . . .jeezus ! legends	1
talking of muslims . .now even allah thinks you re evil	2
he s a far left do gooder fool . . .may even be a tory plant who knows .	2
will you perform lies greed misery or burn it down ? i ll watch you guys on tv d btw see you tomorrow at rock im park and m amp g 	1
 th . juventus and milan conclude the top .	0
the tigers know it s a big game as well resting martinez alburquerque monday and bumping verlander .	1
tomorrow is yakub s daughter s st birthday . hope she will have a better tomorrow .	1
wilshere didn t play for arsenal on saturday and most papers report he s doubtful for newcastle . why would there be an england row ?	0
i kinda liked the rd one . . .my grandson loves them all . we ve been to jurassic world movie times .	1
i u m going to walgreens tomorrow because i know there u s gonna be a sale on halloween candy .	0
the car will return to eldora speedway this friday and saturday for the kings royal weekend . . come out and . . .	0
update mallshow with the pbbunlimited big wendy u c divine u c deniesse at pacific mall legaspi landco plaza u c april u c pm ! adminkim	0
we need gucci out by friday nobody trying put the kid in the game and keep telling niggaz i m really ready tru 	0
if mcgregor loses tomorrow night dana white will be the most butthurt dude on planet earth	2
the video of porto oportonity city won the st prize in category cultural tourism in art tur international tourism film festival . . .	0
my social studies teacher not the one from th grade but the one from th grade told us disraeli discovered israel .	0
really wanting to see carol when it s released ! i am hearing that this may well be cate blanchett s best performance ever ! goldenglobes	1
consuming both cheap wine amp kurt cobain documentary on a saturday night with dorothy hazel amp greg gluma .	1
so adrian nearly has as many fantasy points for my team as david price does . for adrian . for price . still only the th . rangers	1
kendrick lamar may just be the greatest rapper of this generation and maybe many more to come	1
paul mccartney coming to the acc oct . going	0
it s star wars day ! ! staying off social media for rest of day to avoid spoilers see you tomorrow ! theforceawakens starwars	1
tomorrow the day apple reveals a new iphone amp ipad soanxious i want both items asap !	1
do you have info for tomorrow shawn in san diego ?	0
was lovely to meet james martin on monday he used local produce and his lamb from skipton was devine yorkshirehour	1
all aboard . . . st flight to hong kong then off to the uk from there . . tweet yah later	0
tune in tomorrow for a brand new kena pluck ! ! ! ! this one is good ! also u c michelle chong brings u almost famous u to the oscars ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !	1
but here s the good news tomorrow is a new game . back is nothing david price is still a toronto blue jay	1
i have tickets to jason aldean tomorrow . . . in the section and in the section lemme know if you re interested	0
nirvana are the perfect sunday music	1
i haven t even officially started working at dunkin yet and i already don t want to go in tomorrow lol	2
hi there have just got a nd line . i m having trouble logging into my account on the app . st line on t mobile . help ?	0
has just won two tickets to evanescence on monday boom ! thanks	1
thinking about zac brown band and ? well keep me on mind for a zbb ride pm thursday at fenway !	1
hope my interview go a tomorrow u c i really want this job .	1
all of the real democrats won their respective races will move on face the recalled republican state senators on august yeswecan	1
at the end of the nd hunger games film you can see jennifer lawrence doing joey s try and do a hard sum acting technique .	1
preettyy pretty sun rise in lonavala with red bull !	1
belladonna s zylona is at aladdin s tonight come enjoy the show ! hold on to your hookahs here s directions	1
here is your tuesday class line up gentle yoga with elle at am little trees yoga with kathleen at pm . . .	0
a friday night in the city twilight hawkers market	0
prithviraj chauhan defeated ghori times and left him alive .but the th time ghori killed him . rahul gandhi caught times by nda . rd ?	2
remember when we brought murphy in to pitch and kris bryant hit the ball over e th ?	0
sunday at chambers bay presents the latest major opportunity for dustin johnson golf	0
i just watched jurassic world for the rd time it was so good ! !	1
and it that u s not your thing u c don u t forget that being human is on our stage this friday u c heart warming and gorgeous 	1
has got dubstep drum bass electro moomba and more every thurs at the new weekly bass party	0
take a good look at bernie saunders he s giving hillary a run for her money . joe biden may join the race . and they re off !	1
jason aldean epic night this past saturday at the thank you pasadena ! ! ! ! . . .	1
nascar daytona new journal complete feb u c newspaper from the daytona race ebay	0
on this date august ace super eagles midfielder samuel okwaraji collapsed and died on the pitch of the national stadium lagos .	0
joe biden will meet with afl cio president further fueling talk that he may enter the white house race . i predict a labor day announcement .	0
what time does the british open start monday ? can paul dunne win ?	0
the first cast pic from the new season of being human who u s excited for january th	0
all the gop candatidates are eligable for prison . dropped out chris will when he goes prison .scott walker gone .	2
make sure you tune into on tomorrow from pm to pm u c special guest young savage	1
flatmate night in watching twilight for the st time not sure if im more shocked that its so misogynistic or that its just such a bad movie	2
i want her so bad . . . . . . ohhh in melodifestivalen you mean ? yes yes but that will never happen . netherlands was th 	1
is justin going to perform with you on friday in la again ?	0
frank ocean is a lyrical genius ! fuckin poet ! he may not be the best entertainer but my cousin can write some deep shit !	1
imm make that katy perry snap for my niggas tomorrow	1
chicago bulls . . and yes im watching it . . dreams to come true . . to make it more sweeter nd	1
frank ocean may be the most inconsiderate artist of this generation .	2
if you are travelling to phuket before st august we have a great deal to stay at the kee resort amp spa email us at honeymoon	1
i am just unbelievably excited to be leaving tomorrow for green bay . like disney world and a caribbean vacation rolled into one . lol	1
rt rationalsupport doors next generation beta we pleased to announce availability of the rd installment for doors next genera . . .	0
 yrs old and gay . . .the new american heroes	0
fox news has announced their selections for the st gop debate . rick santorum rick perry bobby jindal carly . . .	0
when you were invited to an ed sheeran concert tomorrow at but you turn it down cause a retreat that you ve been lookin forward to is at 	0
praying for st and nd wave of leaders going to the x factor leadership retreat tomorrow ! counting down till i join u all friday impact	1
monday . . . . .watching paper towns and i don t even know jack shit what its about t t 	2
im seeing the foo fighters tomorrow night holly is returning on sunday ! monday night has a lot to live up to .	1
weird that she s okay with gay marriage because it s now the law of the land 	0
although sincerely happy for all my fellow u fans who met the boys yesterday amp who will see them on fri . amp sat . i m just a wee bit jealous	1
c mon paul dunne enough with the bogeys ! it s birdie time ! ! theopen standrews golf	0
unexpected development saw ant man on saturday night in london . it was surprisingly charming . i actually quite enjoyed it .	1
especially nice to have rosedale open in the neighborhood while ne branch at th maryland is closed for renovations .	1
video september video of justin meetings and talking with fans in new york nyc .	0
well its my favorite th doctor story and its written by douglas adams . and if youve ever read the st dirk gently book of 	1
yeah she is still at ballet west now in the rd year !	1
safe and sound at narita airport ! feels good to be back at the land of rising sun	1
when september comes along i know i ll be forgotten . . just don t be surprised when niall gets assassinated	2
briana and louis child which they ve both decided to name jungleworms is expected to be born on february th after the break	0
family s restaurant s new year eve party it was love at first sight for me but it wasn t until valentine s day tuesday 	1
remember that day chevy traded bogo and kane . . . wonder if history could repeat itself . a nd p for p trade . .	0
jennifer lawrence waxed lyrical about amy schumer s physique on monday to chat show hos . . .	0
available now ! get the youth real madrid rd jersey . available with cr bale james or more 	0
karaoke invitation for but knowing these guys it ll be .i work tomorrow so the world is saved from hearing me ruin david bowie songs .	1
hoping that sb s planner is as pretty as the s . it would be out starting tomorrow . will check it frst before collecting a sticker .	1
liverpool football club roll out the red carpet for the rnli . nov th . joe longthorne u c asa murphy . tickets . . send msg for tickets .	0
i ve got a feeling that when i go into school tomorrow more people are gonna know about shawn and most likely will act like his	0
i m just going for a week in january niigata is faaaaaaar away xd i m so glad to see kiryu in an event shinjuku blaze 	1
tie between september by earth wind amp fire and how deep is your love by the bee gees	1
when nba trades become official july th i hear atl buys out the contract of jordan farmar . he will sign with a turkish team .	0
by becoming the st briton to win the maillot jaune and the kom the same year ? say chris froome for instance .	0
my older brother is going to see tenacious d on sunday and dave grohl is going to be playing the drums there ! ! ! ! ! ! !	1
john kasich every other monday twenty years of life lunch faith and friendship where do you go when the water r	0
catholics give up stuff for lent u c jews are fasting today . . .being presbyterian is starting to feel like the casual friday of religions ! 	0
end of an era . . . . i m leaving hampstead theatre after . years at the end of august to go on tour as technical manager on the ladykillers !	0
party at kris jenner s tomorrow ! !bring your friends and your cents to get it	1
if you re not at tabletop in ohiocity for sunday fun day you may as well be getting punched in the face by john cena .	0
shikari walks into ichiraku s ramen shop as he saw naruto sitting at the bar . he sat down next to him staying quiet .	0
kane might just be going thru that nd season syndrome	2
mixin it up . playlist from the winans tomorrow to today to good day to it is well yup !	1
in case rahul gandhi is trapped in a natural calamity will the sycophants shower petals on him offer prayer to gods rescue st ?	0
it was a nice experience sharing some insights on peace n notably the boko haram story with young men and women last wednesday in cameroon .	1
but mitt rumnee wat are you gonna do wen its dec st and the apocalypse comes and kony is the ruler of the world	0
i really hope brock lesnar just destroys the undertaker sunday	0
fabio capello from what i u ve seen these days i can assure you russia are capable of getting a good result vs portugal tomorrow . cantwait	1
i just scanned that batman comic . i will post it tomorrow on my website tumblr facebook myspace linkedin friendster livejournal etc .	1
i like to avoid my monday s like miley avoided nicki at the vmas	0
holy crap u c i just found my th grade binder . . .no u c wait . it u s meryl streep . she u s so versatile .	1
they will have the last laugh when we get to the carling cup final . . result may vary .	0
they all served and died under the crown .right and proper the anthem is sung .sdlp trying to make th include ira men .	2
 texans linebacker brian cushing knee listed as out for colts on thursday night football nfl are you serious . . .	2
g oh d i m going to get my daughter tomorrow we going shopping i miss my baby plus christmas coming up i have stuff to get together	1
i m going out for breakfast tomorrow and i m going to tell everyone i see to buy calibraska on itunes	1
miley better pick up the hannah montana wig again because that may be the only she ll hide from nicki . vmas 	0
hi mate could i lend k to buy james rodriguez or k mate i ll pay you back tomorrow asap like a legit person serious	1
 counting by christina grimmie reminds me of nashville . i always listen to it on the roadtrip . saturday will be no exception 	1
if the snow prevents me from seeing runrig tomorrow i ll be really annoyed i ve been waiting all year !	2
here comes the sun du du du du here comes the sun and i say . . . it s alright ! by george harrison	1
art may or may not be the hardest class ever	0
oomf today thought he can talk to me on some other shit wait til tomorrow lol	0
the emmy s seem mostly a bore but the women including amy poelher and melissa mccarthy brought their a game tonight .	0
i m rewatching saturday night s superstar i still cannot didn t make it through . that version of blaze of glory was epic !	1
to celebrate the nd birthday of the beautiful prince george i will be offering personalised children related . . .	1
tryna prepare myself for this concert sunday . two of the greatest hip hop r b artist on the same stage u c same	1
did you know that charlie hebdo was trending topic on saturday for hours in belgium ? trndnl	1
he s going to beat seth rollins this sunday night at wwe suuupppeeerrslammm ! ! !	1
november yung nation going to be in monroe at the club its high school night	0
dirty jim had to close that one out . if not u c he may have started hearing comparisons to cundiff in this town .	0
start planning now thursday dj hip hop club with briana jazon in palo alto save your spot on the dance . . .	0
if ddg is stuck here till jan can we offer him to barca just to annoy madrid even more .	0
christians grandparents leave to rome this sunday like what the hell	2
caitlyn jenner is being charges for vehicular manslaughter cause someone died in a car accident in february . does she go to male or female	2
 new update liam harry and niall will celebrate liam s nd birthday at topgolf tonight ! !	1
a special bench may be constituted to hear yakub s fresh plea overnight reports from outside the chief justice s residence .	0
thor is still a great movie after the rd time .	1
the canopy survived the winds today ! hoping to see a lot of people tomorrow at the new earth festival in atlanta in	1
jennifer lawrence touched down at lax on tuesday sporting a love pin on her purse . simple enough but if you re . . .	0
allah may forgive your sin however if you re proud of if it amp try to make a part of islam that s a dangerous thing to do . . . think	0
toni i have not . i m only interest in applying if i can use it for a large purchase this thursday paul mccartney tickets !	1
reminder daylight savings time ends on saturday night sunday morning . set you clocks back an hour and enjoy an . . .	0
 st dress in this is mcqueen from his very last collection i wore it to the mtv awards w discharged gay soldiers .	0
as our cs team have explained the last shipping date for delivery to saudi arabia was december rd	0
rt all across the us with live feeds down big brother fans are seeing the sun for the first time in months .	0
grrrrrrr need a new profile pic but can t find the right one and this stupid ipad can t take photos cause i have the st one grrrrrrr	2
wanna see stars this friday ? check out the red stars we have coming in !	1
see preservation as it happens ! learn about the kansas question at constitution hall in topeka on friday .	0
had a dream that i sat in a vegas club with floyd mayweather eli manning and vincent chase . not sure why my brain put those together .	0
and the new bentley truck is officially coming out	0
tomorrow is one of our favorite days of the year national hot dog day ! stop in for our yearly . hot dog to . . .	1
oh for goodness sake bbc seems to want the gov t to allow terrorists free range to attack uk . may bbc hq be the st target !	2
brand new updated logo u c edited by david taylor the new executive producer of roc tv . first introduction video will be up tomorrow !	0
 st game in brooklyn and i want to see brook lopez	0
thank you god for blessing me with my st offer elon university for having faith in me enough confidence to go ahead pull the trigger .	1
may as well strap the golden cockerel from whl s roof to kane s back so that the burden on him is at once metaphorical symbolic amp literal	0
if everton get beat tonight do u think moyes will walk out ? i think he should .	0
thanks for everyone who came out for day of world music festival ! we u ll see you tomorrow at am for a global grooves dance party	1
i m going back to staring at chris evans on tumblr and then i m going to be . i will deal with them tomorrow	0
balls . i forgot celebrity juice was on tonight .	2
sick ! have a night kris bryant ! watch the cubs rookie hit his st career walk off home run . sctop 	1
perseverance is failing times and succeeding the th . julie andrews dontgiveup artist fineart	1
everyone eid is friday everyone eid is saturday people from california eid is hours after whatever you guys decide on 	0
 jonronson is in the today so i had to buy it but st i read about go set a watchman and daniel kahneman and other stuff	0
trying to figure how long the walk from az to la is . .gotta see perform nov th . . the bf says if i walk there he u d pick me up 	0
boruto naruto the movie comes out november i need to catch up real quick	1
you are right yakub s mourners may be the supporters of terrorism they should be under scaner .	2
turkish nationalists warn erdogan with colored revolution . if erdogan continues with his plots amp traps we may have to march to his palace . 	2
i u m just waiting for tomorrow because andy is going to make a triple double !	1
did not participate in national hot dog day today . . . i celebrate my personal favorite national food day next wednesday . . . look it up .	0
running to the cinema to see paper towns tomorrow like	1
hope i wake up tomorrow to some news about glasgow date or to frank ocean s new album . not too much to ask is it ?	1
cji may hear yakub s latest petition at .way to go pb !wtvr else you might say he s one of the best pil lawyers in the country .return to aap	0
directioners may be big on twitter but when the voting goes out to the whole world they lose . kpop has a bigger fandom directionersfuneral	0
legal news caitlyn jenner may be charged in crash detectives and prosectors in los angeles are working on the . . .	0
so basically benzema snubbed mufc amp finished nd in the epl to ancelotti s cfc who also won the facup !	1
 december bam earthquake struck the kerman province of southeastern iran .	2
wish i could post my real feelings about kanye west without hurting my future career whatever that may be . . .	0
this apple event makes me sad about landfills filled w old iphones but they i just remember the sun will go nova someday amp i m ok again !	0
yeah i trotted out the struggle team of hillman and asiata on sunday lol	0
would have been semis mate . mind you don t think i d be too surprised if they are in milan in may now . watchthisspace	0
don t you just love them to pieces ? ! ? ! murray is my rd . i can only handle one at a time tho . lol	1
happy valentines day . . . only if you live in brazil u c otherwise its just another irritating monday .	1
i wonder will sting get back an seth rollins mind like the in monday night raw sting	0
hmu if you wanna go to ihop tomorrow	1
there may not be . . but why when i m up mins left it turns i break vermalen outpaces ronaldo .	2
photo understanding the basics of google plus you may have heard people speaking about google . it is in . . .	1
not cool having miesha tate u c the former bantam weight champ on the under card . c u mon strikeforce treat her better . rouseykaufman	2
can you take me to the ducks game tomorrow im broke	0
i might act like tomorrow valentine day and pamper my gf maybe then she u ll feel better	1
yakub held last talks with his brother usman and suleiman on wednesday evening . he told them to take care of his wife and daughter .	0
big with kevin u c deniesse u c devine u c and ryan sa kick off ng pbb teen edition on sunday u c april at pm . excitedmuch ! ! ! biggelontv	1
i have a lot of plans for my day tomorrow . and by that i mean i m going to accidentally play dark souls for hours . amp still whine about it .	1
go set a watchman still at number one . yeah but it s a sequel . mindfulness coloring book is totally original . 	1
happy th mr . president ! nick j forever off the chain .	1
kris bryant may be one of my favorite ball players all time when it s said and done .	1
another huge endorsement for corbyn if george osborne is against you then you must be on the right side .	1
i u m gonna hit the victor cruz if my classes get cancelled tomorrow	2
beyonce is soon beating or going to tie madonna for most vma awarded artist . lady gaga is rd so far	1
now it s time for titlefortitle ! this is sunday night rollins ! seth rollins is the cure ! futureisnow summerslam	1
and i really wanna watch the new icarly and how to rock live but i m road tripping on sunday so i need sleep 	0
 gagner u s agent says talks continue u c will have hearing on friday if no deal msm just proved you u re clueless !	2
john kasich a powder blue republican perfect for the sunday talk shows .	1
going through my th grade yearbook just makes me laugh . memories	1
spent over mins amp gave up coz it changes just before you print every time . c mon team . earn your dosh pls .	2
don u t flirt with disaster ! get you tickets quick for molly hatchet at underworld dec	0
frank gifford al michaels and dan dierdorf are pretty much the sound of every sleepy late night fall monday of my childhood .	1
i preordered it on thursday friday at midnight the night it came able to pre order u c love you and frankie . x	1
yes i can set one up on posterous tomorrow if you like ?	1
sbs strong heart goodbye leeteuk special with sj tvxq shinee s jonghyun taemin will be broadcasted on november th th ! cr 	1
watching this u tournament on the turf at mysa really shows how much st touch and possession go hand in hand for my hs team too ! 	1
 bottle empi light and bottles of smb is enough to call it a night . for tomorrow is another day .	0
wwa concert film this weekend you can pre order the wwa live from san siro stadium dvd . out dec st .	0
it remind me to zayn when he said there s one missing mtvhottest one direction	0
finally going to watch straight outta compton tomorrow with my sisters . maybe we can sneak into a paper towns screening after . . . sneaky	1
chris carrigan it s prince george s nd birthday today . the th picture is the best he s holding his baby . . .	1
super eagles led by its coach sunday oliseh is playing taifa stars of tanzania at the national stadium in dar . . .	0
la liga barca and betis march on malaga held real betis moved up to fourth in the table after salva sevilla s . . .	0
i want to go to kpop night on friday but i ll be mad if it s not just hours of good boy on repeat . eternaljam	0
to my u followers and everyone else my twitter feed is going to be full of curling tweets until sunday . besttimeoftheyear	1
the money king floyd mayweather sleeps with women on one bed ahead of his september fight with andre be . . .	0
anyone help me i need to write a poem due tomorrow about martin luther king jr .	0
when i go to the foo fighters concert in october in atlanta i m gonna be so sad if don t get to meet dave grohl somehow	0
 rd briana is the only one i can trust	1
star ships were made to flyyyy nowaynicki congrats you passed st grade .	1
updating tomorrow but i won t be on twitter much . i love you all and stay gucci if you need me text me .	1
tomorrow will be an amazing day ! ! wanna know why ! ? i get to see zlatan play ! if he plays . . .	1
why would anyone do this ? if imagining trump as a hot guy is your thing just write a fanfic where he gets freaky friday d with chris evans	0
so we got rd of the shield teaming with randy orton to take on rd of the wyatt family with sheamus in a six man tag match . wwe raw	0
rios beats tag in th royals sweep white sox . . .it was starwars night at the k .	0
tv show ratings mr robinson bows out steady with its finale on wednesday big brother drops from i . . . festivals	0
anyone heading to h m on thurs to shop the fashion v aids collection ? sneak peek here via	0
if ugly sunday s your fave u ll prob enjoy his st album . fun fact kurt cobain does backing vocals in a song down in the dark 	1
yea and the performance never drops . i m playing side by side with my mate on ps . so clean ! good luck holding out until friday x	1
in celebration of national women s day on th of august poise brands in association with body sense boutique . . .	1
like . . . . . minutes of the original friday the th consisted of jason u s mom chasing a girl from the lake house to the same damn cabin	0
let u s get the goodwin family to rupp for the st home game make landen the y ! riplane	0
ice cube and o shea are gonna appear tonight may the lord have mercy on my soul . they re so damn fine .	1
good morning tomorrows my birthday ahhh im so excited tonight will be amazing beerandtacos wattup jets !	1
just got my tickets for the edinburgh derby on sunday hibeees	1
durant will demand a trade after the heat win their rd straight title	0
the next person to be on smash project is of mice men cause they re already going to quezon city on march th and playing soundwave	0
nope tomorrow uefa will decide as real madrid couldnt load up the document	0
a new album of unreleased kurt cobain solo music drops in november ! any nirvana fans in the house ?	0
thursday thor s day . bring me your bolts your breezes your squalls your everything . we can handle it . xx	1
a leonard cohen and jeff buckley album just in time for black friday ? buymethat	0
john kasich s gay marriage response may have been the moment of the night 	0
why is happy valentines day trending ? it u s on the th of february not th of june smh . .	0
a rowldawg posted about ice out in uk on aug . link ice explicit kelly rowland format mp download	0
last face you want to see on remembrance sunday is tony blair lying horrible corrupt twat . bush s bitch	2
going to see duelo tomorrow at the lonestar park 	0
 notification sound checks phone mlb at bat breaking josh hamilton is a triple double single and hr short of the cycle . tomorrow .	0
operating g kmi this evening from the university maths tower on hf bands . pm pm bst . th floor u c room . ham hamradio	0
by joe hemba damaturu nigeria july reuters boko haram islamist militants attacked the northern nigerian town of buni yadi in yobe	2
second last show of the season u c th annual gift of art u c with the artists of the kanata civic art gallery . stop in !	0
let me know if dustin johnson is still leading on the back nine on sunday .	0
going to bed can t wait to see for myself the anti hetero male campaign that magic mike xxl is apparently leading tomorrow . goodnight !	1
i want to see all the new harry potter attractions gringotts hogwarts express . may not get down there for a while .	1
islam in bangladesh is like the multiple colors of a mirror under the sun there is love in these images . a . . .	1
as expected david wright is getting the night off for st . lucie tonight . steven matz is making his nd rehab start .	0
you listen to too much kpop when you can guess every kpop song you know by the st sec ! kpopers	0
thank god brendan let go back to milan cuz he is to good to be sat on a bench . balotelli goalmachine	1
someone teach me their ways seriously need to meet shawn when he comes to nyc on sept th	0
poor dustin johnson ! this is going to be special . c mon rose pgachampionship	0
also i hate this themed ppv u s what if i want to see an elimination chamber in july ? i gotta wait six months ?	2
haha if it gets to serious you may wanna call the original ghost hunter . . . bill murray ghostbusters	0
tom brady did not deflate balls but was suspended for games bc he may or may not have known it was being done	2
i think he probably needs to be on a plane early tomorrow morning for it to happen . milan always leaks everything	0
big brother starts tonight and x factor on saturday wish i could emigrate or hibernate 	2
the pool is cool the sun is hot the breeze is soft . i have attained nirvana . thespiritualstate nottheband	1
fm preview west ham united v sunderland sep footymad attempt to assist you with their form guide as west . . .	0
the grateful dead may have laced a tv crew s coffee with lsd . let s look at the tape !	2
hopefully this game in chardon tomorrow we come out with a win ! tigers	1
hey bc watching gc if dustin johnson had won a few of those majors he would be no worse then rd in rankings he s solid	1
elsa has now launched the th edition of the elsa moot court competition on wto law ! sign up and face the . . .	0
starting the nd season of being human u c lol u c that was quick	1
i was going to justin biebers concert tomorrow at dallas . buh the tickets had sold out . u c	2
 short stacks at ihop tomorrow . who wants to get pancakes with me ?	1
sting vs . seth rollins on september th for the world title ! amazing !	1
don t forget to rsvp for toronto s biggest hip hop jam on sept th . we re going live at city nightclub with . . .	0
music picks r . kelly u c leonard cohen u c cat power fri grace potter the nocturnals the wiltern if anyone should . . .	0
there is a rumor going around that madonna s new single will be released tomorrow . don t believe in this lie !	0
soccer saturday with our son . they u re playing the hardest team in the league . then the all star game . proudparents	1
am i the only one that wants it to flood in hf tomorrow ?	0
i want to go to church tonight crusaders kevin leal is ministering . i m nauseous head achy i need to finish an overdue assignment .	2
proudofallstar ? fuck yeah . let s get it trending worldwide just like we got allstar weekend trending worldwide tonight ! 	1
vanuatu goes to the polls on october . you can follow the progress on the pacific policy website .	0
sibling wed game with scott and chris evans part la risa de chris me dio risa basta .	1
sat watching new jersey shore in uk walking along the boardwalk . after the watching the news nite gutted new jersey	0
i would say oct are early elections . if tsipras doesn t hold them then he will go the way of pasok amp samaras when held later .	1
bring the heat . get top draw guests against colbert st week . st guest on colbert jeb bush really ? awful	0
yo but i m in there for the curtis night game on saturday camera ready	1
i just drafted tom brady in the th round and i m disgusted with myself	2
on the way to the red sox game yesterday . had so much fun . thanks for bringing me to my rd game now !	1
 rd and most important would be to free gucci and make him head of state	1
so ice cube can give us ride along but he can t give us another friday movie with chris tucker .	0
it u s national bieber day u c he u s . i love i just wanna say happybirthdaymykidrauhl follow me on your birthday u s believe 	1
classic rock radio dot co dot uk july paul mccartney reissues from the paul mccartney newsletter i . . .	0
sure someone who scored more goals than zlatan and edinson would be th string lol you retard	0
aw what the hell curtis painter coming in and we give up rd and conversion .	2
 mlbfantasy johnny cueto continued his late season struggles in sunday s loss to the white sox yielding five runs on seven hits . . .	2
cubs fans still complaining that kris bryant didnt come up til may now number in the dozens .	2
we re having a ball thanks . high tea booked at the royal george tomorrow . you want to be katy perry ?	1
can someone please drive me and to and from darien lake tomorrow for jason aldean we will pay you ! !	0
tong u c mew u c ying u c donut u c tang june u c sunee u c korn u c x u c everything lah i love all the cast hehehe	1
someone hangout with me tomorrow so i can show them the dance i made to bad blood . it s pretty fucking sick .	0
write a review on google for hires dental care between today and august and you ll be entered to win a . . .	0
justin bieber s smile is now certified gold as he made this golden announcement on his snapchat on december .	1
ok guys for the rd time messi was out of place that wasnt suppose to be a goal	2
simcity delayed u c now erecting on march if you were thrilled by the recent lenghty demonstration of simcity or . . .	0
if you could win a golf tournament on the st day then dustin johnson would have majors by now .	1
sign up for beachreach before december st . help us make an eternal difference in the lives of thousands of spring breakers ! !	0
on this day in wwe history july vengeance kurt angle defeated brock lesnar c and big show in a . . .	0
i m still not over black friday with kendrick and j cole tbh	0
rt feel bad for star crossed lionsrt so far wr titus young is the only one of the lions top three picks . . .	2
this is the rd christmas i ve gotten justin bieber tickets hahaha blessed	1
mourinho says he has rejected offers to take charge at psg and that he was st choice for the job before ancelotti s appointment . sun	0
tomorrow is last day for early voting in nevada . i am not inspired to vote early . i don u t like many of the choices . most suck balls .	2
spc places parts of central eastern nc in the slight risk category for strong to severe storms with possible damaging winds on thursday .	0
this must be the th time this old advice to hillary has been recycled as news . she is who she is . that s her problem .	2
the best case for trump s viability is that he may actually never run out of attention getting stunts like this	0
sharknado is the silliest film franchise so badly produced i cudnt stop laughing through the nd i saw sharks flying n had to call it a day	2
ufo . . . ? over east village nyc from the corner of e th st ave a i saw a bright orange glowing li . . .	0
friday night lights on spotify ? this friday s about to get grimey .	2
colton is busy right now and may not see it . did you send it to his mother and or traci scarce ?	2
no doubt my mom will either faint or take her top off when she meets eric church tomorrow	1
today u s al ien nascar person of the day is friday hassler died in a crash st daytona qualifying race in 	0
sorry but that s an old photo from january after the charlie hebdo attacks	0
hey christopher would you mind going to florida between the st of august to the th of september . . . .thanks 	1
white sox th walk off win of season is nd most in mlb cubs with entering sunday 	0
blue monday ! thor has your back !we love you joan !	1
joe biden obstacles in longshot run against hill clinton just remember why he was neva elected potus in the st place	0
no thanksgiving in australia no halloween no fourth of july just australia day queens bday and christmas	2
gucci variety jivatma reception november boom the doublet yours specific sympathy wedding so as to industrial . . .	0
joe kelly with his th straight win ! bullpen still sucks but red sox still win !	1
will justin bieber get xmas number ? the nhs choir ? that one off the x factor ? find out am tomorrow with	0
i got a solo dm with zayn in july i missed him in la in august he follows me days later he unrted my art my account is gone . wonderful	0
we re showing players online in titanfall on xbox one so it may be best to contact an advisor for one to one support .	1
bolt wins an epic . imagine if tiger woods wins tonight . which is the bigger story ? some sunday of sport	1
hello monday ! i know it s hard but i will help you . get your coffees ready and i ll see you in ! dark souls i 	0
tell your friends tell your family tell your mama ! ! ! hey don u t forget friday the st harold washington . . .	0
vice president yemi osinbajo today saturday embracing one of the boys boys orphaned by boko haram . . .	1
i u m in north carolina with we play at elon university tomorrow !	0
islam itself may discriminate however there is the jizya tax for example .	0
since my mom bought me my wwa ticket i have to get her really good christmas and birthday gifts this december . it needs to be the best	1
kim kardashian may be onto something with these new emojis tbh	0
tomorrow is my otra date and national hot dog day can t decide which i m more excited for	1
down in the atlantic city ventnor margate ocean city area . i m just waiting for the coordinator to hopefully call me tomorrow	1
convinced my sister that zayn will appear in the background of the dragmedownmusicvideo if she watches it times this is her th view	0
reveals super eagles will take on the mena of niger in an international friendly match in ph on tuesday september th .	0
the announcement was so good last night even my non basketball liking flatmates sat through the whole thing .	1
carlo ancelotti levante are a strong team . we must be the best real madrid team we can be to win tomorrow . halamadrid	1
what time is the wagner vs curtis game friday ?	0
nataaashaann where you been ? don t forget about stratford weekend in grand bend aug it s free ! yn j	1
just laying here listening to ragnarok online music in the sun . yoko kanno makes great songs .	1
am i the only one who could care less about the ed sheeran concert tomorrow ?	2
family time then i m going to fire up the stream ! either more soma or i may jump on the hype train and give dark souls a go ! pm tonight !	1
heading to va . beach tomorrow for jason aldean and the burn it down tour ? here s info for you ! showtimes all . . .	1
all i think about daily connor ball mtvstars the vamps	1
first friday raleigh will be one of the last times to see luke m buchanan we go back in place at rebus works . . . .	0
april madonna at the at close range premiere	0
former saturday night live cohorts tina fey u c amy poehler are teaming up to host the golden globe awards .	0
you gonna be in tallahassee tomorrow ? ? need to know if i need to get tix to the show	0
oh no not zac brown band with my bestie wehatefun sunday needstructure	1
 toughenough the miz is the right candidate to replace hulk hogan as the rd judge . wwe	0
is anybody going to the strawberry festival u c in leicestershire . . . i will be painting there live on the friday and saturday	1
afc travel to blackpool this sunday to take on bathroom soultion in the lfa rd round u c ko am at squires gate fc . blackandwhitearmy	0
since star wars is coming this december i guess fans should take a moment to appreciate it . . .	1
great show saturday live from mornington brewery . following cricket show where we chat with matt whelan curtis . . .	1
gucci baggy skin below the eyes pleasure principle mettle may increase the bifurcated thy simple drag gaining . . .	0
i don t think it is just you . this has been eye opening to watch . i think many are more wed to their politics on islam .	0
just watched dashboard confessional s video for stolen for the st time in several years and realized olivia wilde is in it . mind . . .blown . . .	0
its for i love west leeds festival going to be in pudsey park oct .there are boxes in trees for art trail x	1
do you have english first thing on monday with kerry ?	0
my dad amp i get dunkin every sunday amp it feels so weird getting it w o him today	0
conor mcgregor is done with the vision once he defeats jose aldo junior but may grant frankie the answer edgar . . .	0
the bullpen s impression of th inning kershaw was spot on tonight	1
okeem ampbell . comely katy perry images . you may want to see 	0
yes but the death of innocent civilians are a major reason for people to join isis just as bloody sunday did for the ira	2
this is the wave the sun in one symbol . . . this is the symbol for batman . . . i got the symbol for madonna because she saved my life 	1
with countless blessing of allah may this eid fill your life with joy and prosperity . eid greeting happy rd day of eid . .regards tasleem	1
i haven u t worn makeup since ash wed . o i don u t like it anymore .	2
my edition of cady s and aaron samuels encounter on october th he asked me if he was doing the lab correctly . i said no .	0
played wednesday u c outclassed a premier league team tonight by the sounds of it ! swfc operationptl	1
i remixed you can do it by ice cube . please check it out and let me know what you think . imw drops january . . .	0
i u m definitely going to that cypress game friday .	1
the way msm and leftists are crying for yakub ppl may mistake him as some son of soil patriot sacrificing himself for nation	2
 if you let him play his game and realize you have an oversize cammalleri and not a todd bertuzzi u c he may bounce back .	1
how was the series sac nd gig ? love music coz its yoko kanno ! cowboy bebop music creater !	1
the vow makes me upset every time i watch it . so why do i continue to watch it ? the world may never know . .	2
i m going to citizens for public schools inc . jonathan kozol th anniversary cps lecture event go signup !	0
we little monsters well we got it ! mtvstars lady gaga selena gomez	1
rip giants legend frank gifford . gifford was the last of the monday night football triumverate of cosell gifford and dandy don meredith .	0
christian ponder may not be a good qb but after reading this it s hard to hate him . firstclass	1
and while no one may keep track of my accounts . david bowie is an extremely relevant figure in the stories i have been told .	0
not sure if reported but hulk hogan will be on good morning america tomorrow giving exclusive on part with wwe	1
wow . paul dunne ! ! great job kid ! hope he can stay in it tomorrow and show these pros how it s dare i say dunne ? ! theopen 	1
just caught up on jimmy mcgovern s accused very good . new silent witness on sunday too it s no lympics but hours of entertainment .	1
dad went into my room and saw me watching star wars . dad i ll get you the whole saga . . . and may the force be with you . he s the best lt 	1
women in saudi arabia allowed to vote for the st time amp some elected to office . victory or just for show ? shares her thoughts	0
not surprised david beckham is nd highest earning former athlete every country in the world i go to his fucking balls are in my face	0
hope they ask and talk about philippines tomorrow asddgffghj	0
gay marriage at the court nd kentucky couple comes for license to wed via	0
still have extra ga tickets to ed sheeran in dallas on the th ! someone please buy them . .	0
yes we have the nufc vs west brom live on our tv u s newcastle united are back at st james park for the st time in . . .	1
join us for this partner yoga specialty class at our rio rancho club location next sunday ! see you there .	1
that early . ps didn t close til the servers til tuesday . what gives ?	0
nasdaq follows new york stock exchange by announcing it will reopen tomorrow after superstorm sandy kept them closed for two days	0
fox news screwed rick perry . nbc wsj poll left out by fox so john kasich would get the th spot in the debate . fox news ? no ! fox crooks !	2
we ve seen all of the fights on recent saturday nights . . .rousey dana white etc . . .but the real fight could be tonight in vegas ! gopdebate	1
aww happy birthday curtis ! are you coming to the bsi weekend in january ? xx	1
next upper room meeting this wednesday in the treacy hall at . pm . all welcome .	0
just want to do et by katy perry for one freestyle friday onlyadream	1
the grey huhuhuhu fuckingawesome btwftr i u m going to sleep i need it tomorrow i u ve to work	1
great movie sharknado is the best one yet .where is the audition for the th movie i want in .great stuff .	1
check out derby on the big screen at tomorrow night s screening of at creative alliance !	1
the constant drip drip of hilary s email scandal continues as joe biden waits in the wings hilary s campaign days may indeed be numbered !	0
ew u c school tomorrow u c it gets tiring making straight a u s 	2
you weren t expecting him to lose were you ? ? good luck in tt monday ! get back the maillot jaune !	1
lol my physics professor s st job out of college was working on the dinosaurs in jurassic park nbd	1
watching devil inside for the st time tonight ? ? ohbabyjesus	0
harper s worst offense against refugees may be climate record as rising temperatures add to chaos in the middle east	0
grandma s hiring some dude to work on her computer tomorrow . . . . . a bit worried . . he might try to get her to install windows .	2
a betrayed wife is legally allowed to kill her adulterous husband u c but may only do so with her bare hands . hong kong 	2
it u s officially november here in the philippines . . so . . umm . . happy birthday kendall ! i love you !	1
i love taylor swift i m going to her concert on september i love all of her songs especially bad blood she is my idol !	1
they should make february th desperation day .	2
lol the same sam smith song has played times already if it plays for a th i will scratch someone s eyes out	2
 flexthursday ! ! dis thursday ! ! ! ! !wit crows nest we calln out da whol souf kum kick it wit pinkcity ! u c 	0
oh my god what if they unveil that and it s kane . this may happen people . i realize the statue s already been seen but i know how wwe is 	0
cate blanchett may join the marvel universe ! do you think she d be a good fit ?	0
 . enters with on out and a count after walker has to exit . the mariners still lead the white sox in the th .	0
front runner donald trump guaranteed in fox s gop debate thursday but ohio gov . john kasich might not make cut . jc	0
thanks ! we are only their on the friday so we re gonna try to see eagles of death metal black keys band of skulls and others . .	1
miley is the th most hated person in america idk why y all are acting like nicki gets more hate than miley	2
iebc is prepared to hold the elections on th of march chairman	0
christians preachers amp believers must watch sunday worship christmas amp easter amp what the bible says ! ! !	0
is it true lisa went out somewhere sat and waited for seth rollins ?	0
brooke burke lllinkkk where can i find the dress worn by dwts host brooke burke on dancing with the stars last night ? o	0
it may be awesome like the wall in game of thrones 	1
it u s friday before wppi ! who is going this year ? ! i am ! ! before i leave on sunday u c i wanted to give out a fun . . .	1
dear liberals if obamacare and gay marriage are the law of the land what are the nd ammendment and immigration laws ?	0
unobscured u c the sun will shine again ! stand in your anointment this too shall pass ! see trailer where to buy book	1
danee s fanbase told to me if her bday on dec but still dunno the day	0
hi matey appreciate you passing on my biz cards around work ! we have enough food until friday in the turner house !	1
next friday the best one ice cube made	1
have you got your tickets yet for our performance of beethoven u missa solemnis u at barbican centre on october ? . . .	0
yes mark zuckerberg started facebook at . but charles flint launched ibm at . while hollywood may love the . . .	1
ohio gov . john kasich signs up for the south carolina gop presidential primary on feb . .	0
i want it to be tomorrow so i can have my pumpkin coffee back at dunkin	1
store offers watchman refund . interesting if you st refresh on tkam otherwise not much but read many worse ! gsaw	0
tomorrow is my last day as a full time shift lead at dunkin . so i m getting waterproof mascara . because there ll probably be water works .	0
fun fact hasnt been on an actual hit record since go getta . he was on the lady gaga si	0
if spurs had been stuffed would mccarthy be sat there on motd ? or arry ? u bet it d be arry !	0
are there any aussie directioners from canberra ? ? going there on the th of september would love to meet some more aussie directioners 	1
did you hear ? hollywood news twilight spiderman comic con video hollywood news hollywood . . . tweet me today !	0
nov th steelers game is military day my brother a former marine will b there u c he u s excited know u will b singing the anthem	1
david beckham may i ask you to check my profile ? because there s a limited secret to . coins fifa 	0
israel s the most persecuted but still world s top ten for highest quality of life . godfactor 	1
i feel like tomorrow on live with kelly and michael they re gonna show the video of shawn singing i don t even know your name i m excited !	1
national ice cream day on sunday and now it s national hot dog day ? is the calendar trying to kill me ? ? ?	2
hi there how do i get o lounge tickets . for the u concert on thursday th october at london o 	0
t mobile and band support in unlocked smartphones put in the spotlight tmonews august alex wa . . .	0
nollywood rising with october kunle afolayan is the most important ambassador the nigerian government does not . . .	1
frank gifford was what the ny giants were all about in the s and s . st class	0
mojo stone plays this wednesday night with luke reynolds and ben sollee . . .	0
aus skipper michael clarke and fast bowler james pattinson have been ruled out of thursday s series deciding final vs sl with injuries .	2
you re floyd may weather and i m cent don t make me force you to read full sentences from harry potter	2
liam payne or david beckham the world may never know	0
after today maybe i was wrong about dustin johnson getting over us open collapse . terrible rd rd openchampionship	2
salman s views in favour of yakub can be usedby prosecution in hit n run case tp prove him not a law abiding citizen it may cost him dearly	2
yankees knock out red sox rookie pitcher in the nd inning . . . yankees hit hrs bird murphy beltran . . take a lead .	0
 tbt newton s nd career start came against green bay . where he broke records and nearly clay matthews ankles . . .	0
please tell me you re going in celebrity big brother on thursday .	0
one jump ahead on in the canteen seriously need to watch aladdin tonight now !	0
how badly i miss andy carroll . knowing that the derby game is tomorrow u c he always played very well and scored against blue noses .	1
saudis have income from haj and umra also . that is nd main source amp comes from muslims all over the world .	0
may i just . . . chris evans	0
frank gifford did seasons on monday night football . thanks for the memories when i was young . rip	1
new iron maiden album on the th of september has their longest eversong on it which is why that reminded me .	1
yuckiest food in the amazon due thursday !	0
i ve been told by galatasaray fans that i work with that was passion on wednesday . . . to me whoever from our lot had flares smh	1
im trying out for the nfl combine when i get out of college youcanbelievethat	0
the nd season of arrow is on netflix now though ! time to binge watch it .	1
sony announced a new gb playstation bundle with uncharted will be in stored on october for in the us in canada .	1
literally love niki lauda and i don t know if i can call myself the th time world champion f skyf 	1
community returns this thursday night at on nbc . i saw it at paleyfest but i m watching it again ! anniesboobs	1
catelynn looked like a straight up street walker the st season of teen mom .	2
if tony abbott and his cabinet are christians please give me muslims any day ! i m th gen australian !	2
conor mcgregor responds perfectly to everyone under the sun calling him out	1
let s play saturday . me you vs . meg and kyle	1
peter dinklage talks game of thrones season six and how he let his hair down . . . herald sun	0
officially confirmed tom boonen will ride at the olympics this saturday	0
dark souls had a similar gap so i don t think so . it may be something sony wanted to do on their end with bb .	0
 happy beautiful on may within weeks of the iraqi government s recapture of the city of tikrit from islam . . .	1
 january workshop in milan digital transformation the door to success !	1
been to the woking remembrance service now out delivering in support of for thursday s police and crime commissioner election	1
the good news parks opening sat . a .m . u c the bad news the destruction	0
i m going to venice beach next thursday !	1
johnny cueto scoot kazmir david price cole hamels . if they had a top pitcher in the a s games may be they would have won	0
buy get free tiket the greatest hits tour blue u c a u c jeff timmons degrees only for tommorow feb puri mall pondok indah mall 	1
great st day of early vote in fl successful event with eva longoria and giants kick off game with the st run of the game . i ll take it	1
indians open with red sox amp don t get the extra few days in april so the weather can improve . that s bad news for the tribe .	2
a sunny wednesday here in milan italy . summer is lingering . cool nights mean you can sleep 	1
i wonder if he is going to pass her a valentine in class tomorrow !	1
lol omg can we make drew brees the th d member ?	0
 whiletwitterwasdown we were day dreaming about winning for st place at the kickball tournament this saturday !	1
i really hope he stays now even if kane dies of exhaustion by november	0
a little worried about amazon . the collection was meant to go up on saturday but is still not available .	2
come on let s not give up on finishing rd for the europa league	1
i know more about ac dc concerts than angus young probably remembers and i m only getting to witness it live on monday . i just	1
we are now in a big top instead of outside due to stinky rain but should still be amazing on sunday . see you at splash dance !	1
buhari vows to defeat boko haram by december . president muhammadu buhari yesterday declared that the . . .	0
tomorrow at i ll be fangirling over the tv show styled to rock which has fashion designing and omfg i ll be in heaven	1
wouldn t it be an irony if yakub s hanging goes ahead as planned tomorrow coinciding with kalam s funeral ? just asking !	0
saudi arabia orders execution of teenager for attending a protest yale fools want to repeal st amendment . .	2
rahul gandhi s inaugural address at the st plenary session of intuc today at talkatora stadium . rgwithworkers	0
 rd floor isat on the roof you u ll see it when you walk up the stairs its on the right	0
dustin johnson straight dominating the majors on thursday and friday and folding on the weekend . boogersugarftw	1
 noles in the nfl thursday action review stork inactive in patriots win via	1
 most def u c i think when you come tomorrow the boys will be here .	1
bowling comes to downtown disney ! splitsville is scheduled to open in december . check out how the construction . . .	0
kris bryant is th in war for all offensive players but please tell me more about how matt duffy should be rookie of the year . cubs	0
paul dunne focusing on game plan over outcome goals going into tomorrow s final round controlthecontrollables theopen golf	0
i like the look of those dark souls pc specs . my machine may actually run it !	1
i seen her just the other day . . . jackin mike d to my dis may .	0
be the first one to grab moto g rd gen . visit paybackbeforeflipkart to earn points . shop now	0
my cousins going to see sam smith tomorrow i m jealous	0
zack type for too long wishing it was friday so i can listen to iron maiden s new album . dcde	0
vampire diaries and jersey shore tonight . so first we see some hotties then we fist pump with hotties . . sounds great ! ! ! 	1
and yep going to venice beach tomorrow hash 	0
tim tebow may be availible ! wow jerry u c what the heck you waiting for !	1
my sweet lord by george harrison is nowplaying in the sun lancaster . download it now at	0
 pga golf driver plagues dustin johnson in nd round at pga the severe weather toyed with johnson s . . . sports	0
can t wait to stay with kayla and levi tomorrow night .	1
 lt curtis gt various weather talking people are forecasting snow on the th to th . what do you think ? will we see . . .	0
your pie greenville is celebrating national ice cream day this sunday by offering free gelato ! make sure you stop . . .	1
i m only looking forward to tomorrow when the last bell rings amp i can go home amp take like a hour nap then watch yesterday s ahs .	1
fuck it i think it may be time to give windows a try . once i finish this download it s time to nuke this shit from orbit .	2
but on friday she refused to apologize in interview with liberal hack andrea mitchell . hillary is a phony .	2
repaired elderly female s windows based laptop today pro bono and in her living room was the largest i cathode ray tube ever .	0
review florida georgia line fun on nd album tyler hubbard and brian kelly keep the mood fun and grooving w . . .	1
it looked like ebay and a garage sale had a baby an named it amazon prime day a glorified black friday garage yard sale .	0
bernie s there like crossing his fingers that saudi arabia is going to wake up tomorrow and decide to take out isis	0
tomorrow comes out the first part of my kobe bryant highlights mix	0
may not affect end result on yakub . but he does have unquestionable right voice opinion . wrong brand salmanwithterrorist	0
on this day in august raw randy orton amp john cena vs . big show amp chris jericho	0
snow white and the huntsman director rupert sanders may direct tom cruise in van helsing	0
cheer on your kc royals tonight because if they win you win ! off tomorrow if they beat the white sox tonight ! use promo code royalspr	1
i u ve seen every denzel washington movie and flight has in it too ! i miss that kid ! but i u m in that theatre tomorrow !	1
georgetown may have bill clinton but we have twisty the clown from american horror story cua ahs	0
my bad let me fixate y all may be muslims but you re not practicing muslims	2
nitemoves foam party going down ! next saturday !	1
boruto naruto the movie comes out october either in valencia or san diego but in japanese with english subtitles	0
i still maintain that boris bikes may be the best way to see london . . .	1
hiya good morning raining in scotland today mite just have a pj day 	1
thanks for upping valor from heroics u c etc . was concerned about when i finally finish reps . still miss st per week sys . tho .	1
my daughter celebrated her rd birthday u c we wanted to do it in honor of trayvon .	1
it may be called hannibal but the show does revolve around the both of them plus bryan said they are meant to stay together	1
wait but when zayn left we got a facebook statement now the whole band is separating and we don t get anything just an article from the sun	2
give u r tribute to yakub by watching the movie black friday times 	1
saturday social at phoenix bar is the spot to hit in the ev if you want a fun gay dance party ! holly dae and i . . .	1
ok . . . first thing first . . u gotta know the statement wasn t made by zayn but management and the sun	0
seeing and maya rudolph cover prince songs with tomorrow night . my mind is pretty much blown .	1
niall faced serious bullying problems as a kid . he got suspended in the rd grade for swinging when somebody called him ugly	2
david beckham receives legend of football award at the charitable hmv football extravaganza event on tuesday . . .	0
kurt cobain s solo album will be released november alright ok ya i can dig it	1
for those that wanna see inside amy schumer s golden globes it may happen ! cantwait	1
no its i am getting late friday is just like eid for true muslims	0
i want a slow sunday consisting of snuggles and cuddles and jurassic park .	1
india iran plan to increase bilateral trade explore new areas of cooperation at the th jcm	1
is it fair ? both print as well as tv media reacts yakub s coverage it s big picture as nd headline kalam s	0
seth rollins becomes the rd man in history goldberg amp booker t to hold both world championship amp united states championship summerslam	1
the winner of the pgachampionship will come from thursday s tee time jason day dustin johnson amp rickie fowler prediction golf	0
tom brady supports donald trump . therefore he s gonna throw pics and pull his hamstring on thursday night .	2
northern lights sale tomorrow following the wexham cup bull sale sale of elite female holstein jerseys ! a real treat of a sale ! no trick !	1
i think it s hannibal and clarice on the run together which i loathed but bryan s talk of an inversion may make it work	2
it was in the member u s email . info will be up on the blog tomorrow . series for the next weeks daily motivation	1
this is how you party ! happy friday everyone ! eagles of death metal cherry cola . . .	1
first time i heard of twilight i assumed it was a horror thriller flick but i sat thru it . imagine my disappointment . .	2
for those going to circoloco at dc tomorrow you are in for a treat . is doing a special house set from on the terrace	1
with that view i m sure you may also believe radical islam will suddenly lay down their arms amp b peaceful	0
with all benson u s attention u c frankie feels like a forgotten stepchild . lets u founding father u him so he know we will never forget nd place .	2
happy valentine u s day ! ! ! everyday is the th !	1
tom brady answered some more questions sunday and this time he talked about roger goodell .	0
well if no ones going to school tomorrow then i guess i won u t go p	2
just found out ill be playing at the same tournament with ut as my brother with his h .s . in february in new orleans during mardis gras .	0
harper was right lol nats leave in the th	1
did you know star wars is coming out with a new movie in december ? ! ? ! third grade boy	1
just one ? because you don t posted photos . . ? niall posted today . . . tomorrow . . . . forever . . . hazzy privated	0
july th is independence day . and the day chuck norris was born . coincidence ? i think not .	1
i m sure murray will win the rd set but not sure if he would win the match .	0
david wright wright is out of the lineup saturday but will return sunday wright is out of the lineup . . . mlb	0
rg showed me a lot of skill day but u c the nyg defense secures eli u s th come from behind victory ! forcing turnovers on wsh hihaterz	1
just sat here thinking about liam and louis changing their world the whole world	0
does hank williams jr sing the song for monday night rugby too ?	0
i am happy about the modern family wins tonight but definitely saddened by the fnl loss . also so stoked for melissa mccarthy ! 	1
listening to foo fighters all day to prepare for tomorrow yeeessss	1
join next wednesday exposing tory hypocrisy at the department for business innovation and skills 	0
thinking about the number of people who may have discovered the cure through ant man makes me so happy	1
louis and briana being at a baby store is just a rumor he was there to buy clothes for	0
foo fighters last night . . . tonight i get to start a new book . rock and roll it s how i roll and gig on friday !	1
check out friday s interview with singer jessica clemmons of jess and the bandits and performer and yoga teacher . . .	0
hulk hogan fired from wwe was it because of racist recordings ! ?	0
just told by no loaner car until the th great lexus experience .definitely not the expectation that was set at sale	2
lazy saturday afternoon watching jurassic park original . sure forgot a lot of the scenes . seeingitwithfresheyes	1
if spurs complete deals for dempsey and moutniho omd ! add that to the players they have they may be better loooool cant believe it	1
i love kris bryant . the way he plays rd is santo esque . but damn that was a nice play by herrerra	1
can you bet on dustin johnson to be top five all week until sunday when he comes th and below ? i d take that . . .	0
so tomorrow night we can see race at eldora or get eaten on sharknado . which would you choose to see ?	0
charges filed in calif . shooting that killed a convicted felon was charged monday with the murders of three peop . . .	2
i may pull out the hair i don t have if i see another rousey vs . mayweather headline .	2
now the war may starts for politicle credit . justice to mumbai victims but eyes on bmc elections . whoose govt hang yakub is a main course .	0
york central was i think their th target in the country stupidly high i always thought they got on par with ukip .	0
still unbelievable that jurassic world is the rd highest grossing movie ever	0
great scott ! lexus reveals hoverboard but you can t buy it lexus revealed on tuesday a second teaser that . . .	1
just asked me what i m wearing to justin bieber s concert in february . . .	0
 my heart is gold u c my twat is glass u c c u mon baby can u t ya see ? yes . .a glass twat . .better known as a womb with a view d lol !	1
i just won the sickest game of the show in innings cause ryan braun is a stud home run in the th to tie then a homer in the th to win	1
israel may take in christians yazidis kurds . but israel will not just blindly take in any refugee it comes across .	0
yeah me ! ! but i will see you friday keep away from nirvana i know what it means when you listen to it !	1
samsung has introduced their two new smartphones last friday the galaxy s edge and galaxy note ! stay ahead . . .	1
happy birthday deb ! may the year ahead bless you with health and happiness for you and your family . hope milan is sensational ! xxx	1
interview w arnie on dinner in mexico with wilt chamberlain and andre the giant mighty collection of fools u c but admit you u d love to the th !	1
i m my st concert was yesterday at the eagles field . i wish i was able to hug you when you were walking back lexie	1
sat in bed singing along to beyonce tracks as if i sound like the queen herself . . . listen irreplacable ifiwereaboy myvoiceisflawless	1
floatin soaking up some sun n some eric church . can it get any better than this ?	1
on the bright side i got taylor swift conceet tickwts agaian this is my th ts concerrt mom ilysm	1
sunanda pushkar s son shiv pushkar menon on saturday asked the delhi police to conclude the inquiry into his mother s death expeditiously . . .	0
the thought that frank ocean s album may be done and that he s just sitting on it to fuck with us . . . ugh .	2
 espn video k . murray run for yds for a st down kyler murray run for yds to the arzst fo . . . texasam	0
may god bless the people of israel and keep them safe .	1
 endofwatch with u csix flags in the am u cthen ufc on fuel tv u cwaffle house late at night w z u c church ultimate on sunday u c heckyeah	0
attn carly fans this sunday mornng cbsface has carly fiorina as does fox news media buzz . sarah palin with jake tapper on cnn stateofunion	1
oh god im so excited for and skylynn s new video tomorrow . it will be freaking awesome	1
i may even live tweet parts of it just remember that i literally know pretty much nothing about naruto at all except ninjas	0
rousey s need for speed nascar drivers may know a little something about a need for speed . espn even . . . nascar	0
 . .and the search for cornetto disc limited edition taylor swift caramel shake caramel ice cream begins ! may the odds be ever in your favor .	1
online it said one direction tix for paris april th go on sale at am u c what site can you buy tickets !	0
guysss please sponsor me and give as much as you can . . i m climbing mount snowdon in feb !	1
why does tony blair get the right to be invited to remembrance sunday ?	2
not even kidding when i say alright by kendrick lamar may be one of the best songs ever written	1
be proud of what you do ! monday morning motivation martin luther king jr . inspiration	1
woohoo ! sorry christians you may have to actually learn about your religion to swallow this one .	2
talk about the history of valentine day every february u c across the united states and in other places around the . . .	0
early start tomorrow so off to bed with a mug of peanut hottie and late to the party but finally going to start watching game of thrones !	1
more primary filing mess u c timmonsville is at it again u c and more th congressional interviews . thank god it is friday ! flosc	1
 hatebreed lamb of god u c tonight . asap rocky u c tonight . converge u c tonight . a lot going on for a tuesday .	0
manor hospital which may ultimately lead to disaster if you make an up the duff joke ? ibuprofen should take george osborne s cue amp amp 	2
 dkepo chris rene live exclusive ! x factor may be about to start up its first live show of the season tomorrow . . .	0
this is us tho can t wait to play the justin bieber holiday album and mariah carey on repeat in dec	1
google is still spamming me . one wonders when they may concede defeat and pull the plug .	2
if they keep adding non dlc weapons i may hop back on ps some day . it was fun . . .just lacking . . .	1
no t mobile told me and kai ain t no it s a s they release it on the th watch	0
cool ant man isn t working . beauty sleep for me then seeing as it s monday .	0
laura wright u c gareth malone u c noah stewart and margherita taylor attend the classic brit awards launch u c september 	0
brian kelly said he wanted to play torii hunter more on saturday but it was hard to take will fuller out of the game .	0
raid mirror of shawn and rob . was this planned or coincidence ? ! ? is it varsity red wednesday at itinspired . . .	0
this will be the reds third doubleheader of the season . they split the last two may at the white sox and july vs . the cubs .	0
really looking forward to the passion pink event tomorrow night at medusa in brownsville . it u s perfect for a . . .	1
hi tancredi u c today spurs are again being linked with roma u s pjanic . any truth in the rumours of a january move ? thfc	0
showing he s different called for a coalition involving saudi arabia and qatar . . . 	0
taking a day off got a photo shoot in milan tomorrow at 	0
fm preview west ham united v hull city apr footymad attempt to assist you with their form guide as wes . . .	0
paul george with a silky smooth st q pacernation	0
 labour day will stay in may ! standforqld . qlders don t let newman tell us when to celebrate labour day it s our day	1
times in turkey s holiday resorts . it may one of the advices keep your distance from erdogan s forces so police . turkey	0
the sun is nothing but a disgusting tory mouth piece rag . i wouldn t line my hamster cage with it .	2
waheed proposed mdp to join the gov prior coni u s verdict . feb controversial power transfer refrained mdp joining the govt .	2
vikings vs . redskins ! feel the intensity in person ! sunday nov . nd ! sign up by oct th at uni . rec in hilltop ! only ! ! sign up today ! !	0
view from the brooklyn bridge at night	0
i just wanna shower then put on pajamas and watch teen wolf till the sun comes up	1
july rd is national hot dog day . preparation and condiment styles vary regionally across the u .s . with mustard being the no . choice .	1
i don t understand what the fuck s wrong with you ! you may hate green day but don t bother the green day family with that !	2
happy sunday to you too maite !	1
happy friday briana ! if i may ask how does writing a book feel to you ? mini research going on d	1
kris bryant grounds out to nd stranding dexter fowler feet away after the cubs trail the rockies 	0
last interview in the city tomorrow then signing day !	0
it s not friday ! and all of marshall s talking when u can t beat out freshman team ! they couldn t even score	2
amazon prime day is black friday for people with a fixed address primeday	2
the graduate and janee no wait renee or danee or was it shanee no it may be lanee shrugs 	0
 mlb brewers ryan braun rest is not in the game starting lineup saturday at cincinnati	0
so i u m going round my mums friends house for food on friday and he just happens to be catering for jonathan ross u halloween party 	1
wow mike why don t you talk to our great friends and allies saudi arabia about where terrorists get their ideology .	0
yeah everything is zayn s fault .even if we get a hurricane tomorrow it s gonna be zayn s fault .u guys r disgusting	2
washington aug reuters president barack obama in a phone call with german chancellor angela merkel on wednesday voiced	0
lorenzo beasley . he was killed on july th of last year on the corner of rd and king dr . mile 	2
breakingnews ant man wins box office for nd weekend with . million haul edging out pixels usatoday	1
puzzle promoting ibm machine accessories november be in existence boundless the raiment superego necessaries seeing that proclamat plhek	0
 yr old who attended saturday s star wars event came in today to tell me he made new friends that day . childrenslibrarian lovemyjob	1
july rd is national hot dog day a day to celebrate one of america s favorite foods so fire up the grill and . . .	1
 opm will be performing live in the southside at rex theatre on the th of june . holla at any opm rep . or myself for tickets .	0
i use an app called twilight to automatically dim my screens and tint them red after the sun sets it helps a lot .	1
hey folks it is words with me wednesday and today s open discussion is do you think kanye west is eligible to . . .	0
dear and finally tomorrow dream high will be aired in my country . . .finally i can see you again miss u alot 	1
good read by about kane laughing off one season wonder comments 	0
chunji ahhh may you take more adorable selca please ? ? 	1
it s about time why watchos convinced me to buy an apple watch on april th as many of my 	1
i had my eyes closed already to go to sleep . but i always check a notif to see if it s zayn and well	0
scoop ! elmbridge choir performing with brit award classic boy band blake on may th at epsom playhouse ! yoohoo how cool is that !	1
frank gifford a golden boy who helped usher the nfl into its golden age died sunday exactly a week shy of his . . .	0
i love apple despite the fact that i m constantly dissing the iphone . really looking forward to tomorrow s event .	1
brilliant ! ! the reds just have class ! did your sun play at sunnybank on sunday ?	1
found footage festival hey whatever happened to that vhs tape ? . . . sunday september th the creative alliance . . .	0
with the election right around the corner u c rrfp is pleased to announce super tuesday ! get an additional . . .	1
ac dc concert coming in september at ford field already got me tickets hell yeah ! just need to find me someone to go with ! center stage	1
ouch ! amy schumer took to instagram sunday to show off her souvenir from her stint as the host of saturday night live . schumer hosted the	0
had a good day of ball with the slackers today finishing undefeated in our pool ! gonna rest up and looking forward to more ball tomorrow !	1
man i want to go fuxs with the homies tonite for mnf the horn but i can t 	2
we don t get enough niall in yellow i don t like the color but he looks like the sun in it mtvhottest one direction	0
libertines lp slips back a week sept now . was originally same week as iron maiden who would ve trounced it now duran amp stereophonics .	0
sat and watched he lesner and reigns wrestlemania fight still got emotional because of seth rollins the prick	0
listen to j cole black friday till the very end . he hints it . amp kendrick black friday too .	0
i got my sister s kids to watch sharknado . they re asking about the rd one already	1
open source misconceptions fading it web south africa may be up to five years behind the rest of the wo . . . linux	0
niall s charity drive for is at now ! donate and spread the word please ! just a few more days !	1
when i was the only thing looked forward to was saturday nights so i could watch naruto on toonami	0
barnes yard td pass and curtis retakes the lead with under a minute left to play lead over tottenville in the th .	0
i can t make my mind up if i wanna drive to charlotte on the th to see janet jackson or not . the venue is outside	1
next sunday i m going to city nightclub just to hear play .	0
the new comes out tomorrow folks . how is scott walker polling in his home state ? enquiring minds want to know .	0
caitlyn jenner wears casual polo shirt and sun visor as she relaxes with a . . . daily mail	0
droid bionic seemingly clears the fcc may finally be headed for us glory	1
in the th it has really started to get out of hand the white sox now lead the royals in the th	0
ion know the riaa site has madonna then mariah carey in nd	1
is rahul gandhi trying to experiment with soft hindutva ? congress vice president rahul gandhi on monday cam . . .	0
ronald reagan sr . in doral . last town hall before nov pm tonight ! come out get informed on vote 	0
i m honored you thinks so shawn . blessings to all for a brilliant day !	1
scott walker stands with scott walker . matt and alex nd maybe tonette . no one else . unqualified losingtotrump	0
hi do you have any idea what time the foo fighters gig is due to finish tomorrow night ? thanks !	0
rt andy rooney will make last appearance on cbs minutes this sunday tvnewser	0
ibm is warning corporates to start blocking tor from their networks aug don t throw the baby out w the bathwater	0
i want to go watch denzel u s new movie tomorrow ! someone take meeeeeeeeeee .	0
if you can t watch apple s video stream follow the news in live blog did somebody say rose gold iphones ?	1
you may want to fix this . . .	2
 years ago today new orleans was awarded the nfl s th franchise and the new orleans saints were born !	1
i hate right now . how dare you pick tom brady in the th round .	2
the day of thanksgiving break was a tuesday .	0
ringside for mayweather fight so i could heckle that rousey would have had the fight finished in the st round dkmillionaire	0
want me to bring dark souls in for you on monday ? serious suggestion 	0
may get a wider training gig somewhere . hard to play super rugby when you weigh kgs though	0
optimism pancake day on sunday .	1
double lock the doors tonight . mrs bob s unconscious self may go wandering nekkid angry . not sure brownhills is ready .	2
official real madrid and atletico madrid will face off sunday october will be played at at the calderon .	0
i m putting all my focus into supporting you ! love you so much shawn can t wait to see you perform october nd !	1
tomorrow s national hot dog day and friday is national tequila day so the real question is will me and natalie make it to saturday ?	1
yeah but we have memorial day u c th of july u c cinco de mayo u c thanksgiving u c presidents day u c mlk day u c and do they do labor day ?	0
us senators fear turkey may convert tribes to islam two u .s . senators in montana together with pointer sceni . . .	2
don t miss the all new episode of ahshotel called she gets revenge tomorrow at on fx ! mtvstars lady gaga	0
a guy in canada bought a cup of coffee at mcdonald s on monday . after he got to work he took the lid off to . . .	0
we had a blast recording the episode tonight . should be out tomorrow ! can you guess which one of us enjoyed ted ?	1
grizzlies come back late to tie the game in regulation and then win in a shootout friday night at maverik center .	0
haha i just told someone i m still enjoying the labor day weekend and was told it s tuesday .	1
 scott walker th amendment days after saying he wanted to end birthright citizenship the wisconsin governor says he doesn t . flip flop	0
u sunday bloody sunday this is not a rebel song and it s not against on sunday . . .it s all about anyday .	0
paper towns comes out tomorrow and i m going to see i after work and omg i m so happy i could literally pee myself with excitement	1
windy evening twilight enhanced by the sun s angle can visually mimic a tornado resulting from orographic lift	0
i liked a video relive the buildup to brock lesnar s clash against roman reigns smackdown march 	1
all these people finish the quran shows the light of islam still exists even after . k years . may allah help them in their journey m a	1
amazing day ! got th place in the dallas urban beer hunt w amp amp then saw some killer bands at riot fest !	1
idk how i feel about going to darts every wednesday . like i m pretty sure every person there for darts is voting for trump but idk .	2
 . . .what are your thoughts about apple s ipod touch th gen ?	1
it was year character day at school today so some guy dressed up as john cena . its monday but honestly the highlight of my entire week	1
colts owner jim irsay will give to victims fund in state fair tragedy the total number of tickets distributed at tonight s game .	0
welcome to the friday express ! aaaalllll aboard ! the white house	1
fenix rising dlc for gears tomorrow u c cant wait to re up and try out the new maps ! also savage kantupxlg	1
hurry up man i want u to win back th u .s . champion against seth rollins	1
haye waits on vitali decision david haye will find out in december if a possible fight with vitali klitschko can g . . .	0
promo pics from la o na makuahine s h airs monday sept th see the full gallery on posterous . . .	0
just found bentley sat on the floor in the loo odd dog lol	0
with the amount of chocolate i u ve eaten today u c i u ll just call it chocolate day . and i shall have one every yea mon week .	0
national ice cream day is sunday july th ! we are ready to celebrate it on thursday ! ! we will be treating the . . .	1
what the federal judge fails to see that the kimdavis name is on the form for gay marriage that makes it a st she does not have to comply	0
i would neither describe curtis as a student of football nor the sharpest knife in the drawer . but he s swansea through and through c mon	0
well u c monsoon coming in from the north and the bomb squad down in midtown on the th . time to go .	0
jethmalani on wed said narendra modi deserves to be the prime minister while rahul gandhi and arvind kejriwal are unfit for the office .	0
roma stun juve as chievo crush lazio milan afp juventus s early season woes continued on sunday with a . . .	0
don t forget to remind the people that daylight savings time ends am sunday . set you clocks back one hour .	0
justin bieber my dyslexic king the st boy i was ever sexually attracted to he has been popping my pussy since 	1
add on the mobile website too . i ve completely lost access to my dunkin cards . so much for a run tomorrow 	2
not able to watch the enrile documentary u c but i u ve a sense he yet again won u t like tomorrow u s inq editorial .	2
all request friday . . . dedicate to her fav tune . . . iron maiden fear of the dark . . . queen of darkside always	0
fleetwood mac braaivleis . . . befokte sunday with and them beers were just as lekker !	1
tuesday s jimbohannonshow a look at the john kasich campaign and the momentum it seems to be generating with then 	0
here is what you need to do . . . listen to some taylor swift watch the notebook have a good cry and you ll feel better tomorrow .	1
us uk bots cannot wait for your arrival tomorrow ! we love you rita ! x	1
 i may say bad words too but that doesn u t mean i lost my christianity u c i love you god true	1
 the nd law explicit the nd law explicit muse format mp download day in the top download . . .	0
the regular season opener thursday between the brooklyn nets and the new york knicks u c wh . . . 	0
 qufh the horn sounds as the st half comes to a close . qu leading brown after the first minutes of play	0
i saw okay movie there friday night rise of the planet of the apes i still like conquest	1
christians news christian wilhelmsson how chippen will help the los angeles galaxy may it be worthy .	1
very surprised tom brady was willing to speak at his locker room about the deflategate decision . can t wait until thursday .	1
the weeknd released the new album and ed sheeran is on it . happy friday everyone	1
the sermon for all supposedly victimized christians has already been written for this upcoming sunday .	2
after the th of november u c i u ll be partying like the teenagers in project x .	0
c mon peeps ! subscribe to our youtube t amp t kpop we make covers kpop covers funny vids reaction vids etc . . . . . just one click away . . . .	0
find out why curtis was awarded the th annual hamboneaward 	0
yesterday the nhl cancelled games up to november st . the winter classic and all star game could be in jeopardy soon .	2
got floor seats for bon jovi in april ! i can t wait ! dead or alive livin on a prayer or going out in a blaze of glory . superstoked	1
pm narendra modi does not take interest in parliament rahul gandhi white liar taking part in the world liar conf ?	2
some one come over and come to disneyland with me tomorrow	1
why is everything happening on september th i have exams and it might be eid and now this	0
honestly only bad thing i can say about the kendrick album were the roll out of singles and what ones were picked st	2
sure . . .keep calm and use google search engine . . .may be one day you get what you are looking for 	1
paul dunne hasn t had the best of rounds . oosthuizen bogeys the th and now off the lead . between players realistically now .	0
if you re planning to watch ant man make sure you stay to watch the nd footage after all the credits .	0
icrc says working on contact with lebanese hostages the international committee of the red cross said thursday . . .	0
gotta show coming up in the atl . june th then in ohio june th	0
lol so milan will get a lot of money regardless of being st or th in the league .	0
merseyside derby proper goal fest so far ! hope for more in the nd half ! supersunday	1
em so excited for tomorrow gala with friends after exam . whoop !	1
the news should be federer qualifies for th cincinnati final . not murray knocked out .	0
had a good time with student teacher u c steve emerson today at the home brew class . next one will be june nd .	1
my q to is if people who endorse you say we are at war with islam who do you really represent ?	0
you all have nothing to do in islam . . . . . .may allah swt keep misguiding you inshallah .	2
mum couldn u t help but laugh at the fact she u s sat on this boat watching dt seuss u s the lorax with her year old daughter hellyeah	1
four hard questions to ask about jeb bush s tax plan jeb bush s tax plan is coming out wednesday . expect the usual soaring language . . .	2
damn foo fighters and rickroll still in my news feed . now the nd night in a row i go to bed with that song in my head . on loop for hrs .	2
i enjoyed it a lot more than naruto as well . thought it was brilliant . well i m gna start fate zero tomorrow .	1
the two days i m looking forward to the most tomorrow aka star wars day and friday of course . 	1
sunday u s golf roundup nick watney flirts with u c rallies to victory by associated press comments nick watney . . .	0
i saw katie price was at the haye chisora fight now she u s going to be the olympic boxing training venue on saturday sparring ! !	0
jumping off the brooklyn bridge with my hang glider on sunday . find a bookie now taking bets on which state i land in	0
btw how is kurt cobain a flop when he inspired millions and was in one of the most popular grunge bands ?	0
we getting them tomorrow so just give to lexus	0
just got my st ever and it s fantastic ! thanks guys and gals for finally shipping to israel . lootcrate	1
tomorrow is a good day to listen to lamb of god . hahahaha .	1
i saw you and the guys last year on february in milan that was the best day ever i m not kidding and i ll see you on september 	1
gucci pants himself store january lay open the span thine atomic irruptive concomitant so that cons comburent . . .	0
defending the production of sustainable cotton for african countries interlaken october . mr . s . . . wcoc 	1
vettel is correct . have you perhaps a few suggestions on how i could spend saturday afternoon in austin ? 	1
funny when fleetwood mac s monday morning comes up on shuffle during the first run of the week	1
this was on the th of october u c and consequently the castaway of tabor island had been a prisoner in granite house for nine days .	0
who u s your pa ? new house is mins away . off to dubai on sat going to the grand prix too cheers g u ma !	0
perseverance is failing times and succeeding the th . julie andrews	1
miss janet is back ! janet jackson unbreakable world tour plays calgary tonight and edmonton on friday sep ! . . .	1
walked backstage and behind the bandstand i sat on paul mccartney s amp cases where security told me to sit while the wings began the show .	0
rt he may be that but obama spent billion a day after getting uncle sam s credit card in his hot little hands s . . .	2
if i was cadi and aaron samuels asked me what day it is i would probably say october th or something because i never know what day it is .	0
you win again the story of the bee gees thu nov pm the story of the bee gees ! this incredible musical . . .	1
ko has been doing it as long as randy orton has . just didn t have the opportunity to showcase himself before may 	0
why is national hot dog day so close to th of july ? isn t it the same holiday ? i have eaten so many hot dogs already . . .	1
fighting corruption is not just good governance . it s self defense . it s patriotism . joe biden good morning . have a blessfull friday !	1
ant man ends this thursday . see it before it goes . plays daily at amp pm	0
made it to interlaken switzerland . going canyoning tomorrow !	1
cold front in the metroplex ! happy friday ! 	1
results for heat men s m nesta carter finishes nd with a time of . aviva london grand prix sdl	0
lloris walker alderwiereld vertonghen davies mason dier lamela eriksen chadli kane tomorrow ? or maybe just unchanged from stoke	0
ireland s paul dunne the pride of alabama birm . is st amateur since some guy named bobby jones in to lead theopen after rds	1
i think i may have finally figured it all out and understand the big picture currently in a state of nirvana and i ve never felt more 	1
prime minister narendra modi on monday said india attaches high importance to its relations with iran and expressed keenness to furth . . .	0
tin one of the metals known to the ancients was associated with jupiter zeus . thursday thor s day jueves is the tin day	1
after the orange bowl do you think anyone wants to watch them on thursday ? seriously though clemson doesn u t pull outside sc	0
i call them dbsk when they re tvxq when they re thsk when they re tvxq ! when it s just junsu and jyj if it s homin on a wednesday	0
tina fey and amy poehler will host the th golden globe awards in january and u c for once u c i may care about an awards show !	1
last tweet of the night u c reading will not lose to spurs tomorrow	1
pitchers to start amp get win on th birthday present david price looks to add to this list tonight .	1
marca ancelotti was all smiles this thursday . khedira has already trained twice with the team amp everything appears to be going to plan .	1
foo fighters next monday with me mum might have to score md amp get mashed up	1
yessss jks twitter was the first one that i realized lol then i spotted jjong s . it was from fashion king event on april nd	0
 kendrick lamar black friday audio via best rapper in the game	1
so do i go to watch rise super today and then cowboys tomorrow ? or do i leave it and do all tomorrow ? but be bored today . . .	0
i think u added ur twitter id in about section of ur youtube channel or may b from google .u helped me a while back with tasker	0
i better meet steve on the brooklyn bridge today .	0
kanye west may not be our next potus but regardless of whether he lands in the white house or not chelsea . . .	0
whoever becomes the next greek prime minister may his her name be as pronounceable as tsipras is .	0
hey kids it s friday ! coffee s brewing and it s all frosty cool outside with an amazing moon and planet combo over the porch	1
kenny chesney and jason aldean concert tonight and us open tomorrow . . . guess you can say it was an ok weekend	1
just a gentle reminder that this years polish festival is on the th of november	0
remember when you said he should win rookie of the year over kris bryant ?	0
david cameron and home secretary theresa may want nothing to do with the scheme and have absented . . .	0
 sun records u c the birthplace of rock u c launch pad to careers of elvis u c cash u c lewis and other early rock gods	0
saudi arabia says it will host syria opposition meet on tuesday via	0
paul dunne with a great quote post round on his thoughts on the st tee tomorrow leading the open . . . make contact . 	1
okc thunder center kendrick perkins may miss the preseason due to a wrist injury	2
new iron maiden album has has out of reviews . i m stoked for it now . sep th here we come !	1
wtf ? . . they got caught in the act ! liespeoplealwaystell that pole national margarita day ash wednesday	0
can it please be wednesday and potus has been re elected . then we can move this country forward !	0
turkey astonished by iranian charges of is support ankara turkey on sunday said it was astonished by ira . . .	0
real test for bayern this weekend against the in form bayer leverkusen . a win at home on sunday will go a long way towards a win streak .	1
hi there . this is arjhay pal of ira . may i know if what apps are you using when the prompt appear ?	0
i get harper lee s new book go set a watchman tomorrow i haven t been this excited about a new book in a long long time	1
i don t think there s a better way to start a sunday than with bob marley	1
you can t say muslim and claim it s not about islam ! it s a fact for those who have a monochromatic gaze like urs	2
it s a beautiful sunday when . . .you purchase youre justin bieber ti kets ! ! ! i m a beilber at read it and weep . jbiebs yougivemepurpose	1
go watch ice cube s music video for it was a good day and you will see stanley from friday playing basketball with cube lol	0
brian kelly doing a little dance on the sideline after fuller dropped rd down pass that would ve been a big gain .	0
manchester the clear focus of george osborne s northernpowerhouse devolution	0
i was the dude wearing the iron maiden shirt and cubs hat by the stage on th . i think it was sat . both days are a bit hazy .	0
qeii in woolwich . only mins from home . my sister becky is going to come and stay sat mon i think .	0
excellent . looks like a quiet saturday night . i can finally focus all my energy on analyzing the hulk hogan story .	0
i feel like i m gonna cry at everything during the sam smith concert tomorrow cuz his voice is so amazing	1
dustin johnson s scorecard is ridiculous . starts with a snowman on the st hole . since then hes added eagles and birdies	0
pratchett rocks . he s always st choice for britlit kids picking st book for reading club	1
i m going to be quietly singing john cena sucks ! john cena sucks ! to myself for most of tomorrow . well done summerslam crowd .	2
someone take me to charleston with them tuesday . . .	0
email from noreply cc ca subject apurv a few google posts that you may like	1
stylistically this is a horrible match up for rousey look at the stats . i won t be surprised if rousey takes the l in january ufc 	2
tough loss needed to get the series tied before bumgarner tomorrow . oh well we beat kershaw twice and we weren t supposed to do that . . .	2
rob zombie with marylin manson tomorrow at the hammerstein ballroom . i ll be there .	0
that means we u ll know thursday morning if won for her u safe and sound u duet with	0
true . i just can t get into seth rollins and i never will . so i m salty i have to hear his whining tomorrow on raw	2
anyone wanna buy jason aldean tickets for this thursday at darien lake ? you can camp with me and dj for free !	0
as long as it s not like a microsoft game probably not also windows runs on xbone too this stuff may apply to that	0
been trying to decide on a new show to watch always get tons of sons of anarchy suggestions . i may go it . have a blessed day	1
i hate stupid th graders who think saying that s gay makes them cool imma throw your phone on the freeway little shit	2
tomorrow night i ll be at citi field with the zac brown band . anyone want to hook up a meet and greet for your . . .	1
if you haven t seen hulk hogan s twitter feed yet . . . it may be a display of a bad week getting even worse . . .	2
spending sunday with the family at galvins hilton hotel . great views great food even better drink .	1
hi guys u c girls working tonight passion u c alice u c harley u c sky u c stacey u c adriana u c may u c paige and willow . see you soon x	0
ed sheeran tomorrow . . . . the tears and the excitement is crazy	1
both semi s of the ucl were sick ! ! the milan psv nd leg was just nasty	2
burger blonde friday today crows nest . pure blonde with any burger purchase !	0
cameron can solve the refugee problem easily here s how a compromise may be possible for david cameron in . . .	0
i may not agree with wilkie s ideas but he has proven he is a man of principle . . .it s a pity peter garrett cannot say the same .	2
last week brock lesnar attacked a car with an axe . tomorrow is going to attack a human with an axe . . . rip will ospreay .	2
tuesday lunchtime linkage david wright is back and it feels so good usa today seriously w . . . supportbrooklyn	1
if i can finish this final tonight i ll be able to finally see ant man tomorrow after work .	1
iago falque u s chance and poor old harry kane tottenham hotspur face norwich city tomorrow night in the capital . . .	0
nov ! ! me you movie theater breaking dawn part . just saw a preview ! can u t wait 	1
berlin says merkel tsipras spoke by phone on tuesday no details why the fishy secrecy ?	0
help ! ! bobby jindal has just doomed louisana .	2
morning sunday lovers . in the words of david bowie i m happy hope you re happy too x	1
zach putnam will be unavailable for the white sox again tonight after experiencing right groin soreness while warming up saturday night .	0
okay but you need to go to berkmar so we can see each other everyday and it could be like th grade .	1
rondo should be glad the all star game isn u t hosted in dc with those galaxy foams on .	1
ah u c you u re a bee charmer you ! touch wood should make it to lp next friday work depending x x	0
so if martin gets in the first three quarters and none in the th when harden usually takes over he had the same impact ?	0
god bless you may god use you to bring awareness to the fact that the attack on christians is here . step silence us	0
so friday at onyx there was a bachelor party the best man tells the bachelor u c you getting married tomorrow ! the bachelor says . . .	0
tony blair will be questioned by mps on friday dec about the uk s intervention in libya the has just announced	0
tony blair george bush and i were champions of peace no it s not april st 	0
only love the ira protected us against you fucking pigs remenber bloody sunday brit army true colours	2
kris bryant hit his nd career walk off to put the cubs games over the sfgiants for the nd wild card spot in the nl	0
sweet lord baby jesus david beckham is one fine piece of ass may his life be filled with happiness and me . amen .	1
apr paul mccartney announces that he is leaving the beatles for personal amp amp amp professional reasons	0
as port charles struggles to come to grips with jason u s disappearance . . .a shocking return ! tomorrow u s episode is can u t miss ! watch gh !	1
probably gonna spend the night watching that one episode of merlin that loaded and the whole of naruto shippuden season .	0
ice cube and kevin hart are back in the first trailer for ride along due jan nd	0
nothing like a little lady gaga on a saturday night . . . only it s friday night my drunk mother	2
lionel messi is the nd best player of all time . there s only one better than him . . .vlc . d	1
just watched dream high episode u c i u ll watch it tomorrow for next episode d . .	1
yes ! both and oneil told me not to come in unless it u s gone tomorrow haha	0
great show of last night . michael ball imelda staunton an awesome pair on stage ! go see it it closes on saturday !	1
the cure friday i m in love . there are also great songs with friday in the title not just that rebecca black shit	1
good morning jp ladies and everyone . hope u all have a great day xxx it s friday yippee tgif xxxx	1
finally going to get my haircut tomorrow gonna go with the brian cushing look lol .	0
well aren u t you good ! happy anniversary . may many owls serenade you with ricky martin songs .	1
hi i m with ira of globe . our apologies . may i know if this is for dsl ?	0
benefit show for the gay and lesbian outreach center on october th ! let me know if you want to play !	0
two of the guys on our day out at lechlade last monday . . 	0
fowler a legit option ? and if he is what happens to juan ? th of ? maybe splits with curtis and fowler moves to rf some days ?	0
downright ready to practice at the comcast center next monday . always have loved watching gary brenda and turgeon work their magic there .	1
i may be clueless but reading the tweets im sorry but lets respect each other s faith . being gay isnt allowed in islam . muslimdragqueens	2
it s your last chance to take advantage of gazelle s best price guarantee on iphone trade ins . . .	1
socialism in the carolinas bernie sanders in greensboro to speak to liberal extremist . nc gso ncpol	1
so is that true ? david beckham is going to be the may be next ? ? . . . . . . . .well ! wtf u r waiting fr ?start the shooting alrdy ! lt beckham	1
women vote in saudi arabia for first time ! saturday s historic elections for municipal councils marked the . . .	1
of an attack with sophos first european vendor security solutions living tomorrow 	0
we love the king ! years ago today elvis presley released his double sided hit don t be cruel hound dog . . .	1
frank gifford who also was a great broadcaster on monday night football was the perfect role for our kids regardless of where they were born	1
meet the best social innovators from social innovation tournament on sept in milan ! socinn	1
stone brewing is mow just a stone s throw from the del mar station . welcome to old pas 	0
really bored of this host on super sunday doing nothing but talk and rave about man utd biasprick	2
depending on what you thought of jurassic world you may or may not like this kong skull island news	0
 don t tell the bride really is dreadful i think it may actually be worse than big brother 	2
the evil empire is throwing the annual iron maiden this saturday . lets show them what we have been up to . fresh . . .	0
boruto naruto the movie just wait brooo . im coming to you in november . hall pasti dipenuhi dgn org dh besar hahaha	1
can we just skip our rd blocks tomorrow and go to sc and play please ? !	0
it filled my heart with pride to see the huge march in oxford this afternoon . i hope david cameron saw and heard . refugeeswelcome	1
the concert got changed to september th . . . aka get yohr booty down here and see sam smith with me	1
saw you like disney we d love to see you at our show tomorrow or sunday !	1
no matter what happens in tomorrow s final round at the theopen paul dunne has given the best exposure at the highest level	1
lonely star thurs the zone gone rolling stone	0
 we good day milan bans cars until wednesday to curb pollution	0
david cameron is a disgrace . a migration free for all may not be the solution but neither is turning a blind eye to it . . .	2
kendrick is gonna be on every year end list . . so vote for the man and get the st round upset	1
leadoff triple for ryan braun in th . brandon crawford sac fly makes it but not enough . al wins will have home field edge in series	0
seth rollins had a title match with john cena seth broke his nose and now people want title shots cause cena may not make it	0
waaahhh i want to cry when i see radio city because i wasn t there on the th to see the boys .	2
 flashbackfriday my th grade valentine s i wrote a love note for the guy i liked . instead of giving it to him i threw up in the bathroom .	0
 months from friday there is going to be another ginormous baby boom callinit	1
if you re going to lolla next friday and seeing a headliner other than paul mccartney i will have no respect in your opinion of music	2
this may yassine character claims she s heard a song from zayn s new album . she says it s good . i don t believe her tho	0
mtsu receiver falls down and the pass is incomplete . . . . th down . mtsu to punt from midfield	0
vh u s storytellers is coming back on nov u c my birthday ! coincidence ? nah u c someone just finally loves me .	1
i don t ever have any normal experiences with famous people . . .check back on friday as i take on sam smith s dressing rooms	0
enjoy the summer celebrate national ice cream day this sunday ! visit honey cup in the channel islands harbor . . .	1
i m so excited for the new iphone release tomorrow yas .	1
i m slightly bummed the foo fighters are playing friday night of acl rather than sunday . i m pretty much not gonna care the other days .	2
excellent on how erdogan s decision to attack the pkk may drive it and the pyd towards iran via	0
and asu tackles murray short of the st down for the first time	0
triple traffic threat dragoncon . thursday falcons game georgia tech game and joe biden on the downtown connector .	2
think that one year the el classico should be held at a neutral stadium the brittania u c on a wet wednesday night mixitup	0
eid was on sat . amp bajrangibhaijaan is salman khan s film with no action good wom . only monday if not low amp tuesday boc can make things clear	0
your efforts would be better placed against that lot than ukip . we re maturing into the rd party	0
cws white sox plate five runs in the th inning 	0
futsal europa league w d l th redgrift wall p .brown kesic goodwin mrozek steele amp r .brown player of the tournament wall	0
the show starts tonight and knollwood riders start first thing monday morning . allison jenna lexie kerri . . .	0
 oh milan just texted me . ohhh aw no she can t come ova monday ! literally a direct quote	2
ryan braun hits his th career home run in the top of the st inning . brewers get . cubs coming to bat versus matt garza .	0
thank god for red bull im gonna have to chug like of them to start my day tomorrow .	1
quick panch run with dozer and ying turns into me getting home at on monday . collegeproblems	0
quin coleman breaks a yard td run getting hot springs within with left in the rd . arpreps	0
google forgot second page as well forgot many things . the fax . and a bunch of other things . told work to expect it on friday	2
 best sellers the nd law explicit the nd law explicit muse format mp download day in the . . . amazonuk	0
hey you never know with these nd rd round guys . look at russell wilson and kap .	0
though to be fair that tweet was from january after the charlie hebdo attacks and has since been deleted	0
going to finish watching the vow tomorrow u c its such a cute movie c 	1
i m emotional calibraska is tomorrow and i can t get it ughhhh h life	2
bagel day at work tomorrow means i don t have to spend my own money at dunkin	1
 nd half about to start . no subs for the red stars to begin the half . wny kicking off . to go . . . .	0
 see what i just did sound s like you saw billy crystal in mr . saturday night . yes ?	0
both the heavyweight and intercontinental titles at the sametime as well so seth rollins isn t the st . . . .	0
our childcare costs are going up by in october . thanks to george osborne .	0
tomorrow i have to present a page short story to my class . what did i write about ? stealing donald trump s comb . makeamericagreatagain	2
world is not only for muslims it is for everyone whatever religion and culture they may follow .so live and let live . wisdom amp truth !	1
sm branches so far where boruto naruto the movie will be shown tomorrow manila megamall sta . mesa and general santos .	0
had a slightly intoxicated conversation about daredevil ant man civil war amp the mcu . if that s not a successful wednesday then what is ?	0
like tsipras merkel has rebels in the party but fans in the country .	0
what is chilling ? i get more stick from muslims than i ever do from non muslims am sorry it is the truth world as much as it may pain	2
hi was offered the months free netflix last tuesday and was told it takes days to receive a code but haven t got anything	2
tomorrow night at the roxy come check out the saturdays you won u t be disappointed !	1
the first coolamon rodeo is coming up on november ! a great day of action and a fun day for the family !	1
ddb los angeles announced today the launch of its new campaign for deus ex human revolution the highly anticipated third installmen . . .	0
we know harvey is lying his fat azz off . . .he already threatened actors who stand in the way of cate blanchett s rd oscar . carol	2
if tickets are still on sale next paycheck somebody needs to come see zac brown band at the nationals stadium on the th jekyllnhydetour	1
we re going tomorrow ! multi chamber of commerce event at nikki beach miami 	0
yakub last hope plea with president yakub memon scheduled to hang tomorrow am 	0
taylor swift s song bad blood may be the most annoying song that s currently playing on the radio toorepetitive	2
date august th still no sign of frank ocean s new album . the world is turning on itself . buildings are burning . god refuses to comment .	0
listening to a richie hawtin set isn u t the best thing to do on a sunday when your going to bed . . .ravin ma tits aff now ha	2
join team pml n representative to support pmln vs pti kids at front line with kamran shahid recording tomorrow . . .	0
cpc polling rd . hate polls but i want to believe this . as individual cpc candidates come to realize that harper is drag to them distnce ?	2
i knew that escobar attacks st pitches so there you go hit this one . . thor is a real life hero . lgm	1
 drop !t vol . charlotte u s biggest blacklight party this fri . at neighborhood theatre ! damn i wish it was in ralz	2
guest sr .wh advisor valerie jarret from iran talks bout bho admin s reformation of the criminal justice system at am . cst mon	0
high pay centre is hosting business in crisis at con tomorrow pm jurys inn with jesse norman guy opperman	0
so wish i lived in philly ! have a great show tomorrow night ! ! hope one day to see you in st .louis !	1
still not over the strange premonition of the last q of rolling stone s lost q amp a w zayn that they published march 	2
downtown halifax on a wednesday night extremely tough looking biker in full leathers roars by radio blaring the bee gees .	0
so drake s if you re reading . . . is the rd best album of the year behind kendrick and adele haha . they might as well hand me the grammy	1
vikings with a big hit on th down to stop the knights deep in vikings end	0
i mean i have to take the ogt tomorrow so why not stay up all night ?	2
federer is through to his th straight th round at the us open . he s with two other wins by walkover .	0
i ll tell you more tomorrow but miley was throwing shade at nicki and nicki just called her out	0
rumors galore in athens that tsipras will call for blitz elections for sept th or even the th . greece	0
crowes all day night at the right tide with the right crew . sunday papers . grateful dead and bob marley for music capeclothconvo	1
here u s video of the unimaginable goalline fumble that may have cost florida a shot at the national championship 	2
remember when that woman was giving birth during that prank and niall just fucking sat there	2
 fifa demo downloaded win in the first game with chelsea against psg st goal amp man of the match	1
may is the start date in the uk for the new top gear television program . no news yet on crew to join chris evans	0
take the cue from enrile and cuevas . besides u c may stem cell na . ha ha .	0
dude i m with just won tim mcgraw tickets for tomorrow on our way to eric church	1
watch algerian troops march singing kill the jews the times of israel	2
win build brings more color better memory management windows may be on the market now but that . .	1
what have you got planned for halloween ? friday st of october we party with the ghouls and ghosts !	1
stayed up late to watch jurassic world and i just remembered i have a football match tomorrow morning 	2
going to kms because i didn t check fantasy before thursday and left arian foster on my bench . . . he got points	1
i sure hope the skate center plays decent music tomorrow	0
lobsters ? aliens ? ipads ? kim kardashian ? today s sunday survey the unusual things you ve seen in a nativity play .	0
tony romo better not fuck up tonight i m just hoping	2
rt lady gaga attending the femme fatale britney spears concert in new jersey tonight	0
so i may have just ordered myself an apple watch . hope i like it	0
federer just ended the nd set with a couple of ridiculously good shots .	1
madonna is in concert tonight in st . louis . all the women are dressing like s whores . some of them may even go to the concert .	2
come see great horny toads or as rolling stone puts it the st century s musical wondertwins busk outside of solstace bar tonight .	0
jordan farmar may contain nuts ! i got laid last night bc of it	0
we are rd same as bayern after rm and barca . why the fuck are you taking the name of that snake .	2
omg i bought sam smith tickets way back in feb and forgot all about it until my friend texted me that it s tomorrow	0
yes . mexico . ! im not from nikaragua . lma . i swear idk were yu got that from . . im not even dark . ! on the th 	1
this saturday i u ll be playing b b with dark e at sjoekoe bday bash cherry moon . be there ! ! ! full line up . . .	1
so we re on the road to the nd biggest show of the year and raw just ended with cesaro standing tall with randy orton and john cena .	1
hi jam ! can you please play stay by u ? thanks happy friday 	1
red sox lead mlb in runs since all star break ahead of even rampaging jays . white sox tonight s opponent are th .	0
on this divine day of eid may allah shower his blessings on u amp ur loved ones . . . . amp fill ur life with . . .	1
great read for a rainy sat am . i always have mixed feelings about in the upper room . ratmansky sounds interesting . thank you .	1
if you see me tomorrow don u t talk to me unless if you want to talk about whap u c chinese u c deca or trig zombie iwontbesocial	0
 bye felicia has unfortunately returned due to ice cube putting the line from his hit movie friday in straight outta compton	0
seven penny stocks on the move with heavy volume april fyxnews	0
do you know ? on august th is the chinese valentine s day i wish you all a happy valentine s day	1
went to metlife just to see and it was totally worth it . seeing him again in dutchess on the th .	1
i don t know . chuck norris may have something to say about that	0
playoffs are finally set . chardon plays warren howland in the st round . if we win u c we play the winner of kenston v . tallmadge .	0
tomorrow is the out of steal my girl next day out of wwat film the next day i m gonna die because of excitement . . .	1
the yankees have the sharp lefty matt moore on the hill against eovaldi tomorrow . so give david price some runs .	0
well i ve started reading paper towns . which is great because i ll have something to talk about in social studies tomorrow morning .	1
on the bright side tomorrow u s chocolate day getexcited	1
bolton wanderers have sacked manager owen coyle following a poor start to the championship season which sees them lying th in the table .	2
ok so everyone who thinks its internationaldirectionerday . . your wrong directioners day is rd of july the day they were formed ! smh . . .	2
filming all day tomorrow u c i need rest . . . but i need to finish act of valor	0
on the news u c regarding the marijuana march in toronto today if you don u t hear u em coming u c you u ll smell them . nice . . .not .	2
best part about black friday . . .thanksgiving leftovers	1
where s nicki s style or her nd mil sold album ? ? keep changing topics when u get clocked its right here with u	0
david bowie may have tucked into bed as a child listen bigtime players on the left did to yours truly too .	0
happy bday to the amazing beyday big love to you jay z and blue ivy . may ur family continue to amaze this world . loves x	1
bentley says state will have a budget oct . st it may not be a budget people want he tell who voted for it	0
guys ! i found it ! it was jim henson and frank oz in st season of snl doing the land of gorch . . .statue was called the mighty favog 	1
timesofindia just in delhi court asks sonia gandhi rahul gandhi other accused to appear before it on dec in nationalherald case	0
ufc on fuel tv preliminary card preview this saturday u c the ufc once again comes to fuel tv . coming . . . ufc mma	0
thought you might appreciate this photo taken of aj at the celebration sunday better than anyone !	1
keystrokes in the west may mean a death sentence in saudi arabia new internationalist blog 	0
god took away another angel from us today . i will forever miss and love you curtis . may you forever rest in peace !	1
then rahul gandhi may be one of the mastermind behind . .	0
people who seem incredulous that cate blanchett may be in thor you do remember that she played an elf right ?	0
hey nowt wrong with a bit of german cheese ! ! ! i hoping they nd rammstein at download ! ! ! whatapair	0
i need somebody to have a star wars marathon with before december !	1
trump cant beat hillary that is confirmed take it from me but hillary may not get nominated	0
i may well need therapy for what that guy just did to one of my all time favourite david bowie songs . . . wtf was that ! ! ! xfactorliveshows	2
rt red sox phillies flying high as they take out the yankees and giants this afternoon . cc rocked hamels dominates . . . . . .	1
rt cbs says commentator andy rooney will make his final weekly minutes appearance on this sunday s edition . . .	0
let george osborne know how you feel in manchester on friday endausteritynow	0
anybody want to play some football tomorrow in doral around ? hit me up	0
cafe one ? ! they lose dongwoo on a tuesday . is the first line is that the right fic no it doesn u t seem like it wait link me ? ! lmao	2
i may be the last human on earth to see magic mike xxl but tonight it s happening .	1
t mobile holds day sale on devices ending august th back to school is a time to prepare for the upcoming . . .	0
check out my ride in csrracing for ios ! try it for free ! now car	1
walmart wednesday ! oops it s after labor day and somebody is still wearing white !	0
 ooc looks at nightstand sees bottle of katy perry perfume oh my god . . . . . . . . .i think i may have it ! ! ! !	1
luckily the boys don t have a show tomorrow really hope niall will feel better soon 	0
briana gets her last gift tomorrow and she s probably gonna cry like a baby ! !	1
goal neymar ! reminds me of the game before between valencia amp atleti just at the end of the st half ! fcblive rayfcb	1
rose convinced me to continue watching teen wolf even those i know the spoilers so imma continue watching it tomorrow	0
remind her she was dancing to ac dc last sat night . . .	0
sumlin just mixing it up or is murray the nd half an ?	0
ok tomorrow i ll try to post the signs as nirvana members and songs j	0
 mrtony . cascades rhythm of the rain . all songs today tomorrow and forever for sandy .	0
tuesday june is the republican primary in virginia . i strongly recommend jamie radtke for u .s . senator !	1
this sunday nfl playoffs come and watch your favorite nfl teams on of our many hd flat screen tv s inside the . . .	0
free this week august figure four weekly detailed look at why gawker thinks the fbi covered for hulk hogan wwe	0
dead line for the ps is tomorrow at pm	0
dick hard like rottweiler . can you handle it ? kendrick lamar black friday by topdawgent np soundcloud sold	0
sure chuck waste another mtp w carly fiorina gov brown nd half amp you re concerned about his take on clinton ? ? ?	2
carlo ancelotti of course i would sign lionel messi . tomorrow we ll read this . we re just kidding . xd	1
anderson upsets seed murray . reaches st ever major qf . south african played well going for it . longest match at usopen	0
scott walker and marco rubio will be on with us monday morning . you won t want to miss mondays radio show . love . . .	1
anderson cooper and kristin chenoweth on his coming out anderson live premiered monday u c with kristin chenoweth . . .	0
fun night tonight at vampire diaries . great teen choice award winners !	1
ooo . . . i think he s in milan . are you happy today ?	1
darel from ihop may i have some pancakes with bacon . eggs fried	0
in lewis on the th they u re burning effigies of guy fawkes u c the pope whoever else they presently dislike . sussexy indeed . . .	2
i ll watch ted tomorrow on cinema . you can feel my anxiety ? i waited so long for it ! hahahahahaha	1
just got home from watching frozen at movies in the canyon ! great night great movie ! next friday it s jurassic park !	1
the best thing about veteran day tomorrow the kids are off from school so i can sleep until 	1
this time last night was cuddled up with liam u c awh i miss him already can u t wait for saturday 	1
c mon sean parker step it up ! little ass nigha	2
yeah i no but on the bright side i just got a letter from boise state yesterday 	1
pray for curtis . he hasn t felt the best all weekend . today he is going to our local clinic . he has surgery scheduled for thursday .	0
or make a th installment for the ps since that s one of their ips ape escape	0
yeah so much has changed for the th . lots of combat fighting . and inventory is different . did you do raccoon city ?	1
yes ! long kriya followup tomo oct th am am tok u c koramangala . walk in for the weekly servicing of . . .	0
 scott walker appeared on sunday at the th place in the top of montreal s trends trndnl	0
the st amendment protects everyone s rights even those who agree with gay marriage . should we revoke it ?	0
chanot u c you may want to travel this christmas . phuket or bali ! 	0
ughhh . i love thursday nights because big brother is live and i honestly don t know who will be sent home tonight bb 	1
watching sharknado waiting for the rd one at 	1
if you re bored ask siri hillary sucks big green donkey dicks prepare to laugh like you were in th grade ! !	2
da way aaron rodgers lookin greenbay may take it again	0
rt we all went to see rise of the planet of the apes last night . . .i actually enjoyed it a lot ! that . . .	1
mizzou links u c holy smokes u c it u s wednesday already ? i haven u t even posted bill carter u s sela photo . . . ncaaf	0
david price finishes his start with ip and r . this is his nd career start against the yankees without allowing a run w tb 	0
hi cena why would you do this sunday do you want to the rock face again undertaker will face in wm ? ? good luck 	1
i sincerely thank you and may you have a splendid day old chap . and remember no good story ever start by drinking tea ! !	1
kris bryant belts his st home run of the year . cubs .	0
rt big brother last night on channel peaked at million and beat bbc two itv and c in it s slot . plus cbb final t . . .	0
in illinois u c schools are closed on casimir pulaski day u c the first monday of march . i have no clue who the fuck he is u c but w e .	2
this is where it all began . pictures from the st human library held at roskilde festival denmark on july . . .	0
only . jan hooks at . wtf ! ! ! i m getting old . stop it . ahhh ahhh ahhh 	2
ian bennett is responsible for the majority of my favorite music right now . thank you . i also think he may have deleted his twitter .	1
today during th it was dead silent in the library amp all of a sudden my ipad started blasting jay z s voice saying motherfucker i got this 	1
live at d tronics th anniversary with locations valley wide mcallen u cedinburg u charlingen u cbrownsville they have . . .	0
me and have gone into the restaurant business amp will be opening an ihop tomorrow doors open at d ends eat free all night	1
oj simpson prepared to kill himself in kim kardashian s childhood bedroom in a new trailer released on thursday for the upcoming american	0
i just finished dexter season . i seriously can t wait until season on october ! check out the trailer for it here .	1
i u m a nikon guy u c but interested in what you have to say tomorrow . . .	1
bowling then dinner w the family tomorrow for maite s birthday 	1
cmat mariah carey is the godmother of the cruise ship i m going on in november .	1
i m not sure but if everything goes like it always does something is gonna happen with zayn tomorrow preferably zayn drops a single .	1
 rts amp i ll come to school dressed as thor on april th which is a thorsday amp the day before the avengers comes out .	1
amazon prime is literally a lie . . . .i ordered a book last monday amp it still isn t here . do better	2
today is celebrating the anniversary of bob marley s one love peace concert apr 	1
bolton away tomorrow ! hope gets a game . . . .after his quality pre season . up the blues ! 	1
kendrick giving a free concert in watts the nd . . . . who s going w me	1
tomorrow presents human rights defender nabeel rajab to the eliminate non independent in bahrain	1
bruce willis u c bill murray and ed norton all in the same film . i may faint .	1
utah can take a look at colorado for motivation the buffaloes were picked th last season and made the ncaa tournament	1
enjoying a night of dexter with 	1
we u re experiencing some issues with fuel tv ch . should be back up friday or monday .	2
mayweather may be a scumbag but he d never come close to losing to rousey .	2
messi takes the number spot rated while ronaldo comes nd rated in fifa interesting fifa rivalry	1
i guess they the gucci ones they come out tomorrow	0
i d say for my top it s nu wa ravana thor sun wukong and serqet	1
rt qfe and we must do it again tomorrow . by gandhi the tea party and the future of america	0
just walked by magazine stand in store . . .pic of jennifer lawrence said i m having chris s baby ! . . . . .indeed you may be .	0
in french open qf federer didn t break serve st time in slam match in years . tonight he breaks for st time in his last return game .	0
chris evans directed and stars in the romantic comedy before we go . in cinemas friday .	0
mom takes dgtr to meet rousey b c she suspects they may share same speech impediment apraxia	0
ignore that u c just go to ticketek u c make sure you are a member and signed in and at am tomorrow u c they will go on sale	0
i just played justin bieber at the dinner table and my family just sat there and accepted it and listened	0
a note to any activists and journalists who may have the infamous dr mohamad from baba amr on their skype his . . .	0
everybody best be at seaholm tomorrow night at to watch the maples soccer team take on andover . no mercy will be shown .	1
 singing find your love by drake like the kid in my th block class that swears he u s good . lmaoooo ! ! ! leave that boy alone !	1
i hear you if i understand correctly you re saying israel may have to totally close its border to stop the attacks ?	2
 why america may go to hell wish it wouldve been completed and i wish i could read the contents of it . . . by mlk	1
check inbox . i sent lorna a range of info and a sample script for you to read on october 	0
spending the day on the phone with this is not how i wanted to spend my sunday	2
hey you see karma is something you see if everything go right shelli would be leaving the big brother house on thursday . . bb 	0
what d you do friday afternoon night ? me nothing just watched jurassic world twice	1
i like ice cube better than any of nwas songs after the st album . death certificate is my lp . amp we still bustin up the chiffarobe	1
wait shit i just realized today is the th shit it s been a month since i saw niall and harry i m so emo 	0
not going to be able to watch federer s match vs darcis but expect to wake up tomorrow to read of a comprehensive victory for the swiss .	1
we meet every thursday to answer the questions asked on the seo questions community on google 	0
the choir has ed sheeran tickets to raffle . we have two complementary tickets to the september th show at . . .	0
katy perry last friday night t .g .i .f . . nowplaying smartphone lyric android video mp download it now at	0
my liver needs a rest . i m going to the foo fighters concert tomorrow . lol	0
fantasy football rankings week top best matchup plays tampa bay was a woeful th in the national footbal . . . lllinkkk	1
sam smith blew my mind and pulled on my heartstrings at electricpicnic on saturday . best act of the weekend ! you da best !	1
ok so i will be doing the garage hunters tonight all details into it are on my google page . also rugby attax is tomorrow s video . packs !	1
sunday atfernoon time for the perfect ipa courtesy of stone brewing	1
i like those too i love old movies s s i was living on okinawa the st time i saw it happened nite on aft	1
night for the last time in mississippi for now . . . . lovethisplace backwoodslivin . . . . . .back to bama in the am b ham	1
 everton news krul will miss the monday night clash with everton and at least a further couple of . . . chroniclel . . .	0
new david bowie single from the soon to be released black star . hey ! i can t fuckin wait january th . enjoy ! . . .	1
maybe tomorrow there will be a new superhero on the streets . either that thor is really angry	0
nba is back ! ! ! ! u my main man jj starting at the three for sacramento kings gets chance to show bulls even more of what they lost tomorrow	1
 star seo author promotion page designed help come up in the st page of search engine results above amazon amp sws	0
cme just sent notification they are closing equity futures index markets monday a and to reopen pm	0
looks like i m going back in time tomorrow . . . . jurassic park style . . . .	1
didn t briana and louis were together around march ? well at least that s what i read on the magazines .	1
i may or may not buy you a halo ost when i get my paycheck .	0
de la soul is going to be at the cabooze on . . .that is going to be a great show . . .	1
multiple reports sate the dolphins appear likely to draft texas a m qb ryan tannehill with the th overall pick . nfldraft	0
when hulk hogan came out as hollywood hogan . . . or when the undertaker was beaten at wrestlemania . . . c mon man . . . drake not even in top 	0
obama s goal is to lead us into rd world status so you re absolutely right obama doesn t care 	2
zlatan will your perfumes make me perform overhead kicks . lt 	1
oops star wars day is tomorrow north branch but you can read about it in today s	1
thanx for the follow ! ! make sure to check us out this friday ! ! for trina ! ! ! live ! ! empirenola	1
ukip are the only party offering sensible policies on immigration .	1
want to start reading paper towns tomorrow . my sister told me the movie was awesome !	1
glad you dug ash wed . feeling its time to start writing another gangster flick .	1
meg ryan they don u t make sunday underpants . billy crystal why ? mr because of god . bc blank stare whenharrymetsally	0
liam is inspiring when the moon sits in the sky liam is inspiring when the sun sits in the sky he is inspiring when they switch places too	1
 law legal smm man charged with ira membership at saturday evening sitting of special . . . irish independent	0
the great troy tulowitzki the great david price going friday .	1
overall . . .tonight reconfirmed my love for nicki and why i never went back to side bangs after th grade	1
happy saturday morning everyone ! here s a short instrumental cover of sam smith s i m not the only one . we have . . .	1
janet street porter shocks viewers with her comments about prince george well done jsp bang on right	2
thabo masebe says government will meet with cosatu tomorrow morning and doesn t want to be seen as ignoring union input .	0
ramcharan s racha succesfully completes weeks with record collections into th week ! now ! !	1
nikki beach miami is excited to welcome back our good friend patrick m this sunday along with nikki beach s . . .	1
spread the word ! the workshop is dayton u c oh is not cancelled ! i will be in ohio tomorrow i u ll be at the party saturday night !	0
 islam and democracy in indonesia september with michael buehler speaking	0
school is over and it s friday i love life	1
it gucci but i would personally prefer sunday	0
someone enlighten me does that have something to do with harry potter not quite sure	0
dang and patrick kane too . . . jay cutler and kris bryant should lock themselves in a panic room when not on the field	2
a girl sat down next to me and asked me what i was listening to and i said nirvana and she said what s that . . . . .i almost fell over dead	0
fyi . wednesday is going to suck on caltrain u c if you even plan on going to work that is . parade .	2
oliseh pleased with home based players after win in test game super eagles coach sunday oliseh . . . via	1
same here in detroit . come out to gin mill on saturday if you re bored . mark s in town too . we re going to partay . . .	1
seeing frank ocean in two days is literally the one and only thing on my mind until p .m . saturday night .	1
damn floyd mayweather fight next saturday i gotta tell my dad to order it	1
jay z stole all his music in reasonable doubt . that may be true but he stole some timeless genius shit	1
 bills mario williams not sure if he ll practice today wrist expects to be more effective sunday .	2
sting and dudley boyz in action tonight . one of the best monday night raws nbs	1
i really want to go watch the iona vs hall game tomorrow . . .	1
starting my day of awesomeness by seeing taken with steph and mike d . then going food shopping and to monday night football	0
people u s choice awards site is sooooo slow u c c u mon i want to vote	2
can t wait to get this shit day over and done with and see foo fighters tomorrow !	0
i liked a video here comes the sun lesson beatles george harrison	1
last time we were in the rd round draw tony blair was prime minister and michael howard was leader of the conservative party .	0
lmao how old are you ? club bodi should be live on sunday u c its tho	0
lve messi playing his th game against getafe . so far he has been directly involved in goals scored assisted 	0
we had david price st in our fanduel projections today . his pts today ties him for th on the list of highest sp scores this season	1
if cundiff is still the kicker come sunday i u m starting a riot .	2
your son was at my spot saturday hu alumni reception . he s a respectable humble kid . kudos to you and mysa badboy life	1
it s not all about football . how about a spain v italy cook off between omar allibhoy and antonio carluccio on sunday ?	0
 yep . believe the indians are in the th slot lost today and the white sox are th losing . tigers th .	0
cj and kreckman wednesday the guys are at stoney u s getting ready for the nuggets season opener . altitude u s chris . . .	0
 apple follows ibm s marketing to the letter . will get business through hardware software or a new product	0
my friends and family knew about my crush for my st love in kpop . it came to the point that my school org got to know about it too . lol	1
an eclipse is just the sun s attempt to hide from chuck norris	0
finally finished my first season on fifa signed kaka and jordan rhodes and finished nd in the league u c champo lge football im aston villa	0
milan heading towards the same direction	0
lsu football seeks payback vs . alabama in game with far reaching implications chicago sun 	0
 hours until apple announces the iphone s here s what to expect 	1
can t listen to fleetwood mac s not that funny without feeling like it s being sung by a petulant th grader .	2
so should be a great article based around my new book my time on big brother and our work with the poor in tomorrows wales on sunday paper !	1
full results from an action packed raw in which john cena really took it to seth rollins .	0
swing by hollywood tans if its too hot for the dubai sun .	2
nah i havnt knew about the adidas deal ! u like it ? i u m undecided . . . . where u watching game sat ? i u m trying to get it off !	2
that game was a lot of fun . they should ve been came out with a nd one . i m glad it s coming to the xbox one .	1
i think the girl that looks like amy schumer may go home tonight . thevoice	0
enda kenny with racist hulk hogan . hey wtf ! hulk hogan denis o brien pinochet s mate thatcher . . .fine gael love s	0
bagged some tickets for the libertines the acad this sunday then i ve the scotland v germany game monday then foo fighters tuesday !	1
you never know with big brother that may have changed the rules expect the unexpected bb 	0
yes we all know indio vs cv is tomorrow the bell game . its enough . ! !	1
low key want to drop off justin off to school tomorrow bumping taylor swift or something just to embarrass him .	0
before george r . r . martin finishes the next book some of the game of thrones actors may die of natural causes . take your time george .	2
i thought about getting this for my xbox one but i may as well throw my hat in the ring here and try to win this version !	1
justin grimm strikes out ryan braun swinging to end the th with the score cubs brewers 	0
it is sad to see christians living in the bondage of ignorance . may god have mercy on pastors .	2
willett joined by dustin johnson in that catching it in your shorts late department . st to th in no time . watching another major go away	0
picture day tomorrow something that different hope milan dont go off	0
wish i was going to see sam smith at the toyota center tomorrow	1
lmao rt monday night football tonight . . . . .the new york not yets vs . the houston texans	0
truth to the scum as we call it in liverpool is an alien concept . it exists to peddle tory lies dontbuythesun	2
watch nbc meet the press carly fiorina watch nbc meet the press carly fiorina we should not repeal the th a . . .	1
this is a most excellent wed ! the boxes of porto u s goodies that just showed up at studio re enforcing this ! redvelvetcupcakebreakfast	1
gucci baggy skin below the eyes subconscious self hopefulness january gain strength the couple yours symbologi . . .	0
first job i ever had was alpah trade vic cord ibm company th floor we sold those apps you all have now nobody knew to buy apples ? noapps	0
new divas tag team division in the works ? the future of seth rollins amp john cena . wwe divas sethrollins johncena	0
i don t like hypocritical jews and christians and hypocritical muslims too . may you all be thrown in the blaze of hell together amen .	2
 kendrick perkins led the league for the th year in a row in spm scowls per minute literally laughed out loud	1
we can t wait for ira s in depth workshop at the th annual georgia organics conference ! get your tickets today . . .	1
i m just honestly so blessed that otra is on a tuesday they re looking out for me because sunday wednesday and thursday is big brother	1
just then u c the day broke and the facade of granite house was illuminated by the rays of the rising sun .	1
y all have the celtics on saturday . chalk that one up now . 	0
rally against the imperialism and zionism . milan italy september	0
hey don u t forget our show at the rex theatre is sunday ! anyone want a ticket contact us !	1
has to be the hat trick against manu . . . .and in a very close nd the carling cup final goal o 	1
this is the usual liberal reflex of blame republicans for everything . like muslims many liberals parrot what told .	2
such a cool thing you u re doing ! ubuntu bridge . i vaguely recall them expanding to zulu . . may be able to give .you a contact o wise .	1
meanwhile david price with era under . . . .	0
i want to quit life and just audition for sharknado movies until i land a role . at this rate they ll be up to sharknado by dec .	0
gallery bellusci was our goalscorer on saturday here is a photo gallery from the game cont 	0
 st islam is an ideologie and not a race nd it is a mono ideologie that rejects destroys all the others ! wake up !	2
rip to capt . walbridge of hmsbounty . fair winds and following seas wherever you may be	0
that u album that they sneaked unto my itunes is still there . i swear i deleted it . lord knows bono may be the anti christ .	2
having xbox downloadable games always release on wed . was such a smart move . now it s chaos . no idea what s out or when .	0
 ansa milan sept . on sunday on the occasion of the grand prix in monza trenord established great rides . . .	1
 randy orton rko s st one is the best one	1
me too . netflix night with wifey and kids .	0
we can get your website to the st page of google searches in bristol for your industry ?	1
a future big brother might be able to see you in the dark . .	0
i can meet you at sylvia park tomorrow at lunch if you wanna stay over this weekend ? ! but i know you have vou course so lmk 	1
no sir u c i am not about to get on spc for hiring young eli to go out there and entertain them white folks on a monday night	2
don t look now but john kasich may mess around and get in this debate at the last minute . and win new hampshire .	1
q . josh freeman pass to vincent jackson to the minnesota for yards . st .	0
uncharted is coming to ps on march with two fancy editions to choose from	0
amazon prime day deals pose little black friday threat a blue selfie stick pro with in bluetoo . . . bluetooth	0
might do my sport work on the train tomorrow cbb right now	0
before we go chris evans opens at ster kinekor on the th . see trailer here	0
started the day listening to new iphone reveal later and the nfl is back tomorrow . happy hump day !	1
my saturday night with eric church	0
no wonder coming here the st of nov cause he got soul train the th	0
i ve only had costumes come in tonight and they were all marvel . thor thor and wolverine .	1
pancake mix does keep for a long time ! pancakes tomorrow morning u c then build a quake kit for shakeout day ? 	0
snsd s tiffany cnblue s yonghwa and b st s kikwang mcs for the sbs k pop super concert nov 	0
 remembering how he and thor sat here in the exact same place years ago . he manipulated thor into attacking jotunheim 	0
candis cayne puts speculation to rest she is just friends with caitlyn jenner august by greg . . .	0
can it be sunday already . i can t wait to see cam newton destroy the packers . sorry lol	1
so sad to hear frank gifford died . i have some fond memories of watching monday night football with my dad . frank howard and dandy don .	0
seth rollins may have lost but he broke cena ! rawsanjose	0
 raw this sunday brock lesnar will remember you the same way wwe remembers hulk hogan	0
swift day is alway s the best day i usually gain alot of followers on the th	1
paul dunne tied for th at the us amateurs ireland s paul dunne improved by two strokes to sign for a one un . . .	0
 daily bulletin ucla football may move brett hundley out of the pocket more to reduce sacks bruins	0
national hot dog day is on thursday and i am sad because me and won t be able to celebrate together at sonic . 	2
bobby jindal thinks if you call isis radical islam the us flag will fly over mecca tomorrow . gopdebate	2
december th could be the biggest ufc card put together . aldo amp mcgregor and rousey as a co main event with her possibly fighting cyborg .	1
ac dc will win rock with thunderstruck ! has not won before but come nd at least once !	1
rousey and stephanie may beat her to it but i know what you mean . she s a special talent .	1
judas kiss on friday horse riding in hype park and shopping yesterday bbc tour and westfields and dinner with friends today . good weekend .	1
madonna entered harper s bazaar s s beauty icons list as the th most glamorous celebrity of the decade .	1
tsipras varoufakis gave talks momentum at start but then stopped . says he saw lagarde others switch off when v spoke on jun greece	0
we should set all the little albanian tony blair s on corbyn	0
reasons . that may convince others their real purpose . now peping s already there eid also . now it s becoming more political	0
records hulk hogan s time in wcw tomorrow . and yes the timing is a coincidence .	0
hear me and hear me well saints these cult leaders may be forcing conversions on christians in the dark ? but . . .	0
 th anniv of twilight books meyer released version w main characters gender swapped . but true to original stories the writing still sucks .	2
rahul should carry some meow meow with him when he goes to ftii pune he may relive his gods old bad days of nirvana in a cigar pipe	0
kim kardashian blasts kris jenner for encouraging khloe to be with lamar odom in a new teaser for this sunday . . .	0
think imma treat me my baby and sister to ihop tomorrow night lol i want some pancakes	1
does anyone from sharknado want to jump on the air in st . louis tomorrow ?	0
why can u t sean u s season of the bachelor just start monday ? roses thebachelor excited bestshow	1
john kasich you may live . you dont have my support but you may live	0
come celebrate eid with us on saturday at london s free festival in trafalgar square ! eidldn	1
crazy i was in a meeting with an old nba player that was picked rd before larry bird	0
paul dunne now tied for th through holes . he is over on the day and under overall .	0
whoaa well during the breaks i bee in dallas so i might visit you in november december march thee summer .	0
your mate should got through . after all he could sing look at zayn when he st auditioned . x	0
david price s st win as a jay ! incredible day at the ballpark ! !	1
the real reason for the bbc s regional newspaper reporting pool . . .	1
i just want to get drunk tomorrow night and hangout with somebody and also go see kendrick lamar live	1
the only things i took from the d concert tonight were that ac dc is going to be in detroit on september th amp i am still a piece of trash	0
harris or three others by others lost in love it became gradually her that brother s wednesday and cried justin bieber 	0
costa concordia accident ship u s owners say the captain may have committed errors breaking news buzz	2
well u c a few news gonna be at phil u s studio with nachtgeschrei in january to record my first album with the guys . . . .	0
goodnight guys ! going to big bang concert tomorrow omfg or i hope my parents dont bail last second	1
 nowplaying janet jackson love will never do without you no . at january at the billboard top 	1
ed sheeran either jan or nov the best days of my life	1
happy th yr preaching anniversary to a mighty man of valor excited about your next dimension ! ! ! love you !	1
psa it s my girl st bday and were at rum runners celebrating come thru and show this fine dg some love	1
giving away a trip to dallas to see steelers vs . cowboys on the facebook page u c enter before tomorrow at noon	0
the last time an amateur lead the after holes was bobby jones in . . . hope paul dunne can make history tomorrow !	1
i u ll make you the cd u s while at work so you may add it to your collection if you like ! lol girl poetic justice n gold alpinas !	1
jeremy evans may have just completed the nba play of the year and its only preseason . video to come shortly . rip ronny turiaf .	0
steelers fans are awesome ! just for that i m making it my mission to piss off a brown s fan today hehe inspiration	1
it s free shipping friday ! unless yer in saudi arabia our eternal friend where it s public beheading friday ! again . whoo hoo !	0
rt tomorrow never dies sos but also in love with aftertaste from shawn 	1
i knew thor would get the job done . matz on tomorrow offense seems to be waking up let s go mets ! ! ! lgm	1
i m so excited to see the new iphone release even though it may be following a trend xd	1
cnn orc poll donald trump takes the top slot in iowa scott walker falls to rd . ben carson in nd	0
saudi arabia lines up muslim nations in anti terror coalition may be arabia going to create more islamic state ? ? ?	2
ice may still issue an nta against her u c though unlikely . let me know if melany needs a lawyer in the area for daca .	0
am telin you kunle afolayan is under rated aswear down ! october is the movie to watch . madeofblack 	1
 i need an nns ticket for sat . anyone got any ? nope but should be easy to get at the track	0
federer will have to serve into the sun here .	0
kim hyung jun gives ss fans much needed reassurance about the fate of the group . read it all here ! . . .	1
come with me u c and you will see and david taylor at pivopivo tomorrow night	1
considering i m st it looks like zlatan s about to disappear .	0
monday night raw kicks off this labor day with the working man himself seth rollins madwoman	0
abc issues edaa trust seal to the exchange lab london october . the exchange lab today has received the . . .	0
 he crosses his legs once he was sat . hannibal raises an eyebrow upon hearing the teasing tone of the other s voice he 	0
 and i never had a good time while sat by your bedside with papers and poetry about estella . 	2
madonna has been showin her titties since th s amp ppl just laughed abt it . janet showed titty amp caused outraged	0
beckham mls stadium may kick residents out of homes the thrill of the david beckham stadium announcement is o . . .	0
brooke and i sat in christians driveway today for minutes and he wasn t even home 	2
 mane i gotta see that denzel movie tomorrow ! shit look like its gone be a good one ditto . im going to try to go tomorrow	1
ok then why haven t we seen him with briana since may	0
one more final tomorrow then i m done for the semester . .i been waiting on christmas break since thanksgiving break lbs	0
whatcha want from dunkin tomorrow sweetheart ?	1
tomorrow ! ! pop up class with credits include miley cyrus katy perry jidenna nickelodeon . . .	0
haha ayee ! im goin wit you cosn rt goin to the raiders game today . in my niner hoodie and niner beanie . wit my bourdeuxs .	1
the saddest part of me not going to the chris brown concert is the fact that i missed august alsinas fine ass perform too 	2
read the th admendment thats were scotus says the power for gay marriage lays . in the due process clause and equal protection	0
i may be the only one still watching red sox games but that team with all the hungry young players is fun to watch ! trade hanley	1
yall act like nicki really finna mess up taylor s moment . . . . . . . . . . . .for the nd time again . vmas	0
taylor swift is putting feud rumors to rest ! on saturday the bad blood singer surprised fans when she brought . . .	0
 nd day of eid in wadi bin khaled oman . . it was really awesome fantastic lt lt 	1
do you have to watch game of thrones from the first season or can you start watching the th first ?	0
you think she s ugly only because zayn may be dating her .most y all judge them bc you want to be the one dating zayn or whatever	0
long live the independent bookstore . this one is recalling watchman .	1
i have a star wars themed birthday party this saturday . but here s the downside . .	0
trying to book for thursday says twilight tickets available but can t click on it and nobody ever answers the phone !	2
just went to dunkin donuts for the st time	1
 photos of oct rock on dandiya nite at sangam university bhilwara just beat it grab it in picasa web	0
ugly are you taking the cahsee tomorrow ?	2
i fucking hate dana white let s not give aldo a nd chance in a sec fight but let s give rhonda a rematch when she gets destroyed .	2
can someone send me the gif of april from bb calling all big brother fans pieces of shit ? ?	2
federer breaks early in the nd set ! even consolidates the break ! up ! rf tennis cincytennis	1
not surprised frank ocean dropped out of fyf . my inner curiousty had me hoping he wouls drop that jawn before or during saturday but nawwww .	0
quite looking forward to blackpool illuminations with next friday . neverhadtheshits	1
articlesection classpagepandroid wear may be very close to working with ios	1
i went crazy when went on that run amp scored amp i was sat in the milan end ! whatanight	1
who are you tomorrow ? will you make me smile or just bring me sorrow ? hottieoftheweek demi lovato	0
ill always remember frank gifford calling the monday night football games ! ! salute	1
uncharted delayed until april fuck . . . . . now i debating getting it at launch since dark souls is coming out april th	2
george osborne has decided to spoof to the left in an attempt to broaden support for decimating welfare . the tit .	0
idk it s whatever . but if somebody went to a shawn concert and got th row while i was stuck in the back and didn t know his name id be mad	2
dustin johnson good st day again . deja vu on him flopping next few days .	1
just as hard to get an atmosphere on a saturday when you have murray v falling over latvian .	0
saudi arabia said monday it was raising petrol prices by more than percent for some products from tuesday as . . .	0
king cake and boudin for breakfast . yep ! i u m in southern louisiana u c where the weather is warm not hot and sunny . wine tasting tomorrow !	0
at this point tomorrow i would have already seen ice cube perform with the cast of are we there yet 	0
i m pleased with my lord and islam is my deen may we die by these words allahuma amen	1
siapin nih . .like a g u cthat what makes you beautiful u cjust dance u cboom boom pow ! ready for the day after tomorrow	1
vandals in oakland same as the night before in sf with afghans grown in .	2
asdfghjkl why are you so cute ? ! happy nd birthday prince george !	1
paul mccartney you are amazing but tiredness beats out everything . see you tomorrow	1
on june u c andrew breitbart offered a u c reward to anyone for the full u journolist u archive u c source fully protected .	1
what if frank ocean drops his tomorrow on the same day as the weeknd	0
sparks fly by taylor swift may or may not have been in the background . it was moment i u ll never forget lol	1
ok im off twitter for the night til tomorrow bomb squad enjoy ur night love you much !	1
next prez will have a full st day repealing aca iran deal gay marriage cuban plan etc .count on em always dragging us down .	2
michael clarke and james pattinson ruled out of tomorrow s third final . big blow for the hosts . cbseries	2
if you don t want to slip up tomorrow speak the truth today . bruce lee	0
surprisingly u c k .k . downing u c formerly of judas priest u c has his birthday on october u c just two days after fellow . . .	0
tickets for the france u c belgium u c netherlands u c germany u c denmark u c norway u c and sweden tmh tour go on sale tomorrow ! good luck ! via	1
rk volume page book toufah golravea he says th khalifa of islam is like yahya as	0
why do monday when you can do a glorified sunday ! ? breakfast in bed with game of thrones . done .	1
dongwoo gets so scared the whole time . this is like the th time he got scared because of the staff that u s filming them lol . . .	2
just found out that justin beiber is going to be in nyc when you are on long island december ! i know emma is a fan ! 	1
btw i amp others have run into a fair number of cataloguing issues with the apple music update in ios . . this may be a symptom .	0
gej needs a public apology from all those that called him the sponsor of boko haram . every sunday and friday is a feast day for boko haram .	2
attending a very informative talk covering the japan earthquake of march and the lessons learned from that .	0
how does ryan braun get to step out of the batter s box after every pitch ? didn t we go over this in may ?	2
in the mean time u c check out this soundcloud mix from a dj im seeing at a day party on saturday u c u c amsterdam livin	0
edsall gotta play the gregg williams tapes in the locker room before the game tomorrow .	0
listen and learn with bobby jindal at ottumwa republican office monday august at light lunch also .	0
happy nd birthday prince george ! we at swimfin think it s the perfect time for george to pop on a swimfin and . . .	1
i think they may splitting up but you said like that so i m relieved to hear ! thank you niall !	1
shawty by plies and tpain just came on . this is like th grade . lmaoo	0
shout out to those people who are at the sam smith concert rn and have to wake up early tomorrow	0
thinking about going to red sox game tomorrow hmmm . . . .	0
everyday remind yourself you are the best ! happy international women s day !	1
 t mobile stopping network abusers an open letter to t mobile customers the only august cool tech ! ! !	2
it s sunday so you know what that means venice beach . . . .peace frog live music at venice bistro !	1
 still the talk is world class . dinho was still world class then . nd season at milan seems you forget so soon	0
wait really though does anyone want to go to dallas on saturday to see ed sheeran ?	0
saw a sign at my local dunkin about pumpkin coffee being available tomorrow . with this degree weather i don t think i m ready for that .	0
nicki sat on a throne made of men . swift sang with nicki cause it was nicki s show shut up . nicki dragged miley . nicki won .	0
paparazzi is a filipino showbiz oriented talk show that airs every sunday on tv . get the juiciest and freshest . . .	1
rt verlander s strikeout of mitch maier in th inn . at kc is the st of his tigers career moving into th place all . . .	0
at least killed in fire at saudi hospital in saudi arabia on thursday a fire tore through the maternity a . . .	2
when quad is on digi s sc tomorrow but you break your phone . . .	0
joe biden wants to sit in on the hearings to watch hillary s it patsy take the th .	2
share if you think the only thing better than thanksgiving leftovers is an incredible black friday deal on your . . .	1
 winter storm watch for portions of the wdbj viewing area until pm tuesday . may get snowed in 	1
blake was upset because i spoiled harry potter for her if you don t know already dumbledore dies . you may proceed to cry amp hate me forever 	0
when ur fam gets red sox tickets for friday and doesn t get you one . . . . . . . o	2
i can t wait to see you on december th and meet at the fm kirby center ! ! 	1
a twilight anniversary vigil will be held in martin place tomorrow to mark one year since the lindt cafe siege . tennews	0
donald trump is that kid that runs for th grade student council that says he ll give everyone a day off from school as if he has authority	2
whoever is sat next to me tomorrow beware . if we score you may get raped like when tim howard scored .	2
if mcgregor wins tonight someone should keep an eye on dana white . all the blood in his body may rush to his dick and make him pass out	0
i think you can get them on ticketek ? and they go on sale tomorrow . . i think . . . 	1
remember we just beat arkansas and ryan mallett in sugar bowl ! arkansas was nd best team in sec that year	1
another great day in croatia . bring on hvar tomorrow	1
the best and the worst . . . the best day of willard mitt romney s life will be thursday when after years of cam . . .	1
it may or may not be louis baby that briana is carrying but i just wanna say that larry is real okay	1
british invasion hollywood summer nights goes uk with the ladykillers on aug 	0
i u m going to north mississippi allstars at neighborhood theatre in charlotte u c nc sep 	0
actress and comedian amy schumer shared an intimate portrait on monday that he would try a last ditch appeal to new zealand s high court .	0
should have opened up preloads on ps days ago so people could have actually finished downloading it by tomorrow . slowasspsn	2
 itweetfeeds well we guessed it ! icymi on monday sam smith shared an inneresting photo tha . . . ff	1
almost forgot about celebrity juice tonight oh my . what time is it on at guys ?	1
yo dawg friendly reminder about sharknado tomorrow . you still up to come ?	0
im going to the kenny chesney and jason aldean concert this saturday ! ! fuckkk yeahssss	1
i think anything featuring hulk hogan may be on it s way out so i d better hurry .	0
with a win and baltimore loss red sox are tied for fourth place with the orioles . first time since june sox have been in th place .	0
ohio gov . john kasich up to th place tie in new iowa poll ben carson deadlocked with donald trump at the top	0
in saudi arabia and the grounds but may not voice them in a sardonically bourgeois way . my enlightened leadership has greatly	0
carly fiorina forced out by the hp board on february th . weakest link style of management david w . packard	2
the sun will be following prince george around today on his nd b day checking he doesn t raise his right arm in the air	0
let s do it tomorrow everyone who buys a coffee from dunkin donuts please donate your cup to this amazing project	1
boko haram has a new leader and he may be willing to negotiate chadian president 	1
such a good weekend planned . on route to the foo fighters today and then a beautiful wedding tomorrow !	1
i may be an ardent fan but i still respect the heck out of frank gifford . he was so pivotal to the growth .	0
off out for the afternoon to visit all our referring dentists in the bethnal green area . got a day off tomorrow so have a great weekend all .	1
tv thursday on utah tv ballet west takes a bow o . . . scott d . pierce writes about television for the salt lake . . .	0
 st taylor and avril nd taylor and nicki rd taylor and katy ? ? ? ? hahahaahhahahhh . . maybe its the start of the new beginning ? ? ?	0
and also very importantly it was years ago today that david bowie had his st no with space oddity ! spaceoddity	1
no just went kaput ! ps ones may be lighter but less prone to fried circuits .	0
in my tl guys talks about afc vs mufc i know guys u cant wait till saturday d epl 	1
female dinner hostess needed nov pm marina keppel bay . taking care of vips . pm text me if you re interested ! 	1
eric church on the radio amp its casual friday . life is good man	1
who was the idiot pundit on bbc scotland on saturday who couldn t see past dustin johnson for the open and why are they paying him ?	2
zayn is a detective who may or may not have a thing for liam aw aw aw detective zayn with a thing for doctor liam would be so cute	1
we should condemn sunday oliseh pls . he is not d messiah of our super eagles . we can not go far with oliseh na from sunday we go know monday	2
here s the scoop sunday is national ice cream day usa top stories	1
gucci unmentionables alter ego hopeful prognosis march bring to notice the pair your significative up to date . . .	0
is it not a shame that super eagles will play niger republic on tuesday in a friendly match why not big football countries ?	0
george harrison here comes the sun original	0
in honor of september th international talk like a pirate day . . . whyistherumgone . . .because of me . i am why the rum is gone .	0
but shawn said monday they add an extra hours that you don t work	0
loki literally just sat in his cell fantasising abt being king and stealing thor s clothes	0
going to the red sox game tomorrow what i m most looking forward to ? post game burrito at by a mile	1
it s a sunday a day that a lot of christians will go to congregate and worship god . thought of the day . . .	1
new series on bet starts tomorrow about chris brown s life ! ! !	1
cnet update amazon may be cooking up a tablet oh my god ! welcome back i missed you so much ! !	1
josh hamilton can strike out times but if bats in the th or later he will win you the baseball game .	1
season of sons of anarchy needs to hurry the eff up already . come on august ! addictedtonetflixinstant	0
metal gear solid the phantom pain and iron maiden s book of souls will drop september th	0
someday i m going to compose a book of the comments we receive on our monday morning browns posts . it d still be better prose than twilight .	1
new listen to our monday morning interview with cliff avril tough loss to the titans . . . ! cdata limeligh . . .	2
good night swimming classes tomorrow and still my body . . . yeah goodbye t all of you . good bye kpop bias friends if i have some bye	1
no i m in hilton head till the th lol go to jason aldean sept . th ! alot of us are going !	0
roadblock in the immortal words of jay z whatever deity may guide my life dear lord don t let me die tonight . . . .	1
did you know that paul dunne was trending topic on sunday for hours in columbus ? trndnl	0
i played rugby yesterday may have broken my finger but it was definitely worth the pain the game is more fun than i remember	1
justin s album comin out november th retweet if you can t wait emabiggestfansjustinbieber	1
i saw a post on islam that just hurt my little hurt may allah offer us ease of a belief . . . allah says oh you who . . .	2
grateful dead concert helps put chicago at the top of the july th destina . . .	1
lucas palooza ! germans to get star wars channel for xmas . i may never leave the house . . . starwars	1
live in the city ? go to wgc ! live in the hutt ? go to horti hall ! glyn barrett from uk speakin at both ! tomorrow pm hutt life cityswag	0
amazon prime day really was better than black friday i could look at all the crap i didn t want from the comfort of my own home .	0
revis bats down sanchez pass to holmes . rd pbu by in days . holmes makes up it with catch on cromartie on next play . nyj	0
kanye west may be running for president but that doesn t change the fact his wife has been pissed on my ray j	2
just announced paul mccartney is coming to the on october for his first ever central pa performance .	0
yea with the band to march in the st patrick s day parade but we were on a set schedule so i didn t get to do alot	0
people may talk ill about sam smith s orientation . but i must state that his songs still remain my anthem in the morning !	1
morning huda . happy friday .wishing everyone a great weekend . could you play wrecking ball for eric church . thanks .	1
go see paper towns movie on july th and play for liverpool if you can .	1
gay marriage is here today but don t think for a moment it can t disappear tomorrow .	0
at this point motorola and verizon may just be allowing the droid bionic one of the most hyped phones in rec . . .	0
rt th august . the anthem still chokes me up . the flag still makes me proud . gandhi still looks over us . happy independence day	1
you are a patriot ! such compassion and commitment may god bless and keep you and israel .	1
 black friday deals canon ef mm f . is usm zoom lens with hoya uv filter hood accessory kit for . . .	0
maths topic test better be on thursday or i u ll be so angry at the teacher .	2
rt an ipad on one side of the bed streaming family guy and my macbook on the other side streaming porn . ah what a nice s . . .	1
funny ! that pic the red hair girl amp back guy in my vid st in line .i shouted israel did 	0
if you have time tomorrow the has some great exhibits . nirvana hendrix star wars costumes . . .	1
frank gifford howard cosell and dandy don meredith made monday night football what it is . rest in peace guys . you were a hoot .	1
making plans ahead of time is best . friday going to go see final destination w my mains gem ariana brian drew rachael . 	1
happy birthday beyonce ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! may you have many for royal years of life	1
i will hit up saks th and buy one item u c idc how much it is . i deserve it 	1
that brawl between undertaker and brock lesnar was crazy last monday on raw i want to see more	1
jaa ik mag u c maareh kan je zaterdag stad ? want heb die h m card nog en die is t m april geldig x	0
oliseh likes what he sees nigeria coach sunday oliseh says his super eagles side are a work in progr . . . femnath	0
it s a disgrace that the game came out in japan on th march smh naruto games come out within a week worldwide	2
 u edgar davids pulled on his boots to lead bottom of league barnet to their first win of the season on friday night u 	0
but milan lost the cup will they qualify to europa league but the champion is juventus and they are rd in league ?	0
i just realized that the boys won their brit award on my birthday february then i was like partying that time they recieved it ! bestgiftx	1
can any guess what year tom segal u s pricewise coloum last tipped a british flat winner on the turf on a sat or sun ?	0
dans the big bang theory sheldon c est mon favoris ptn	1
i had to march to get mlk day as a recognized holiday in greenville u c mind you i yrs old when i did it !	0
we re going for coffee this afternoon and the cinema to see paper towns tomorrow . . .i love it when mum has a week off	1
nah i gotta take the act tomorrow and from there go to beaumont for oscars game	0
intermission fc took a big step towards the title with a hard fought win over fellow table toppers the real ajax on monday night .	1
i m only just hearing black friday . . . . . kendrick u freed me	1
spent the majority of my day riding boris bikes playing a crazy game of frizbi and just general lobstering in the sun summer 	1
in taipei taiwan having a great time so far the international faculty is really good my lecture is tomorrow . bye	1
today i told a bed ridden old man wearing clemson pants that the rest of his team would be joining him soon	0
if fabregas doesnt goto barcelona this season he may never make his dream switch with alcantra already starting to seal his position epl	2
pretty nifty way they got sting into the ring on raw on monday . wwe	1
the game will be held sunday night at pm ct on cbs college sports . you can follow the event blog 	0
kajal will act nd time with ramcharan mahesh ntr raviteja karthi	0
card update at . . . kris bryant variant award sig ranks th at debut . where will he end up ?	0
time to think of xmas and panto s ! if you d like to join earsay watch the pantomime th january at jersey opera . . .	1
get ready ladies ! this thursday the magic mike xxl tour is coming to fat daddy s ! tickets at .	1
inmarsat u s swiftbroadband soars to new heights inmarsat lse isat .l u c the leading provider of global mobile sat . . .	1
yesterday october made months since i saw you in the wwat in spain and it was really nice see the film again	1
at least they got to the big show . hope feb rd is a good day for the packers .	1
can it just be tomorrow evening already because ant man will be over by then and the post credits will begin	1
interesting to see where the likes of pogba de gea austin kane berahino benzema wanyama stones borini end up come wednesday morning	0
 them with to go . milan scampers for one on th down .	0
 i ll tryeth to thor but at this rate we may as well goeth to a restaurant . he looks at the time and smiles we re 	1
did you know that john kasich was trending topic on tuesday for hours in chicago ? trndnl	0
i would like to become a celebrity so that i may hit john cena with a chair actually .	2
donald trump he covers all the bases .	1
my ps died last night . i press the power button once it beeps nothing happens . nd time beeps blue light comes on but nothing	2
hey nicki wish me luck on my first day tomorrow ? lol	1
ravens play eagles on the th at ! getpumped	1
bernie sanders king of reddit though he may not be leading in the polls bernie sanders is winning in one ve . . .	1
who going to chris brown this thursday ?	0
home from roadtrip and foodtrip gala with mah homies and pipoy . hahahaha . gala pa more . see you again tomorrow ! 	1
something may be slightly amiss in the nfl when tim tebow amp devon still are cut amp tom brady is allowed to play .	2
shout out to the person that s going to quit a job tomorrow morning because of that kanye west speech .	0
yakub may not be hanged because hindus are not united . this is the sad and bitter truth . live with it .	2
this seem like a long time tryin to make us getrt june trial date set for george zimmerman u c trial is said to last wks . . .	0
do you guys believe that floyd mayweather will retire on september th ? give me your input	0
miss usa featuring all the st generation americans and multicultural women is great .	1
knock knock who s there ? david beckham with a cheque for . for one californian family on tuesday night this wan t a terrible	1
u guys talk about eli in the th qt big ben isn u t to shabby either and steelers fans aren u t complaining trust me	1
we are getting ready to go eat at tgif with my parents for father s day which is tomorrow but was booked out then . made french . . .	0
open day at ashton sixth form tomorrow am to pm asfcclassof 	0
kurt cobain solo is not nirvana ! nirvana is a four piece ! how dare you ! ? 	2
more hugs till he faces rousey . . .then he gets ko d or choked out	0
i u ll be doing the senior bowl fun run with my niece next saturday	1
asia shares gain despite oil worries asian shares rose on tuesday despite another fall in oil prices after iran said it planned to i . . .	0
 minutes to learn what the raspberry pi is all about	0
i need to get skinny u c move out and find someone lush ! i u ll start my diet tomorrow then the rest i u ll try and sort another time . . .	0
is it the same david cameron posing before tv cameras on thursday posing fabricated words of compassion who also preaches race intolerance ?	2
mt free tickets for talking about dial m for murdoch on th december are available	0
i m in bed listening to sam smith it s raining outside and tomorrow is pay day . happy me is happy kinda 	1
it s bernie sanders birthday on the th im excited i love him	1
 . has a mini fridge in her bedroom that she seems very proud of . r .i .p . jan hooks .	1
beautiful friday morning ! coffee and on the go to enjoy this ! helloblueskies	1
yes thank you janine ! ! i saw kelsey grammer wed night at sag but didn u t talk politics there . let u s take hollywood back !	1
the lack of a new teen wolf episode today has left a hole in my heart that can only be filled by the joy of bake off tomorrow	0
i am just thankful it s not raining tomorrow for foo fighters .	1
tomorrow going to kyiv . . .but won t go to school hoho 	1
lpg price hike put on hold facing stiff opposition u c the centre on thursday night put on hold the rs . . incr . . .	2
murray is pissed here and in the march ! hope he pulls it off usopen	2
wake up to not really caring that kris bryant hit a walk off . caring that the cubs gave up stinking runs in the top of the th .	2
in this second time i ve watched ant man and this time i was the only one that stayed for the nd after credits scene	0
finally watching paper towns tomorrow it better do the book justice	1
saw rascal flatts last thursday with my boyfriend then saw zac brown band the very next day with the roomie . timewellspent	0
i m going to ben sollee at notes in newtown nsw australia jan 	0
to be fair i will be seeing equalizer on sunday at the greatest place in texas	1
i know i m late but i enjoyed meeting you at paleyfest in march ! i am from bethlehem pa . love you on bones . 	1
how did i make it on the bus on thursday without my ipod ? ? ? ?	0
teacher make sure you prep for your essay tomorrow me goes home and looks up big words on google	0
hello my followers fans one direction i ask you to do this tendency september with the hashtag happy birthday niall	1
i wanted a performance of bad blood in like may . i want wildest dreams at the vmas .	0
seeing ed sheeran on thursday means i have to miss the big brother live eviction episode . the struggle .	2
would you believe cnn wsnts to deny carly fiorina a spot in the ma n september th debate . very wrong and stupid	2
david cameron u bloody moron f k u how dare u kat in so many muslims ? what the fuck u think u r ?	2
dear i m so disappointed with the headphones you give with ur phones sadly its still the same with moto g rd gen	2
can t even start the update till tomorrow can t even play my xbox till tomorrow because of the movers	0
droid bionic is out today . if any pr reps will send one my way i ll talk about it here there and . . .	0
just heard porcupine tree lightbulb sun into david bowie sound vision on thought you u d like that mix	0
netanyahu u s new alliance with lieberman may not mean an automatic win in the election .	2
too much heaven by bee gees was the magazine hot no . hit on january 	0
if you didnt know . . . . wetnwyde will be at club crucial pm saturday night e arkansas ln	0
h use compares two different versions of the same track . terry jacks and nirvana have seasons in the sun .	0
furthermore the th amendment was ratified in the s when homosexuality was illegal . clearly then it s not aimed at gay marriage .	2
just watched our idiot brother for the st time . . definitely a good movie . paul rudd is hilarious . better than adam sandler	1
don t suppose you know if the chelsea game will change times or dates due to chelsea playing cl on a tuesday ? ?	0
special from tim brown only tonight and saturday ! ! ! copper river salmon available only for weeks a year 	1
jr u s have to go to the pep rally tomorrow !	0
bout to watch magic mike xxl for the th time	1
maybe i ll just draw iron maiden fan art the rest of the night . wouldn t be the st time .	0
i think she said shes coming to alsip tomorrow begins texts all my ladies 	0
 justathought if england don t call up zaha before january there is a chance of him being called up by ivory coast for the cup surely ? !	0
i wanna go to dunkin tomorrow with lyndsey like that would be the actual best way to end the summer	1
valentine s day is now the next sunday without football . . makes sense why most guys hate it haha	0
its not about the money and player . its about moral amp club . we fucked up real madrid amp that s enough . de gea can join tomorrow . don t care .	2
kris bryant sneaks one just above ryan braun s glove into the right field basket . th of the year . i the nd . cubs	0
i liked a video wwe raw seth rollins vs randy orton for the wwe world heavyweight champion aug 	1
every time i hear a liverpudlian accent it reminds me of watching brookside with mum on a sat teatime missthosedays	1
still havnt got my months netflix subscription from the th of august . . . .	2
i think bo s afraid scott walker might cut into bo s pension plan to pay for more luxury boxes for the bucks .	0
john cena and the primetime players vs the the new day members big e and kofi kingston and seth rollins now on wwe monday night raw 	0
good luck in the nns race tomorrow ! i u ll be cheering you on as always ! ! 	1
chili cooking on the stove top and am watching crossfire hurricane . good start to sunday .	1
shriver to federer suggesting that he not use the sabr vs . isner you want to have your rd set of twins i m sure . interview ended there .	0
only my cousin would get to go to kenny chesney and jason aldean twice lol see you friday	1
hope you had a wonderful eid . our next dubsmash compilation video will be on youtube within thursday so hurry up . . .	1
so . . . . . . . i may be obsessed with thor now . . . . and sorta loki . . . . especially of the slash pair known as thorki	1
i m sat at work just laughing at all these hulk hogan tweets . hahha ffs	1
seth rollins is going to be at the house show in beaumont . so i think he may win . i really doubt the wwe whc will be at a house show raw	0
if you re not watching surprise john cena vines on sunday morning then are you really doing saturday night right ?	0
sunday get on the ropes with james murphy .yogacity nyc yoga u c meditation u c pranayama kirtan events in new york city	0
show at iu was live ! chicago tomorrow reggie u s with boldy blocks !	0
wwe doing another live special on he network this time from msg featuring brock lesnar october rd . summerslam	0
frank gifford was a class act . nygiant star . a great announcer the perfect balance for cosell and meredith on monday night football . rip	1
xtu will be in the house this thursday night giving away jason aldean tickets !	1
girl thought she was sharing cool pics of dad kurt cobain . turns out they re pics of nirvana s st show ever . rad .	0
wednesday s featured property of the day is knollwood place apartments in . . .	0
friday got sweeter with baby liam at weeks old !	1
would british politicians go to the opera ? angela merkel flies the flag for german arts .	0
hillary has her own mini me ? can t wait to see trump s ! or has it been his hair all along ? uspoli	0
thank you kerry hope we see you friday in grapevine tx for the dfw memorial run	1
niall please follow me my birthday is on september and a follow from u guys would be the perfect gift	1
ima fall asleep to some family guy tonight .	0
regarding brock lesnar returning to the ring at wwe s october rd madison square garden live event which will air on the wwe	0
more like boring eagles c mon bro go out and support the super eagles rt i hate international breaks	2
fantastic pitching by david price ! st two get on and you got their best hitters coming up to the plate . . . no problem gets them all out !	1
debating if i wanna have milan birthday party on the th or st of november . .	0
i m at my follow limit . rude . i will go on my ipad tomorrow and unfollow all the little bitches who ain t following back . k bye .	2
first putin then china now iran if this was a rd world dictator it would be understandable but the snp ?	2
 . . . . movies that i also love . but the st jurassic park is a true masterpiece in my opion ! ! ! ! sincerely david h . taylor	1
james just scores . tomorrow ballon d or for james rodriguez marca 	1
saturday saw the st xi win and go joint top on points with lechlade . nds and rds both abandoned ! fb	0
kanye west cracks me up i just sat here and listened to his minute speech and i still don t understand kanye 	2
i hope the plane home tomorrow has cougar town and friends on the tvs . that u s how i spent most of the time flying here xd	0
i liked a video dtac deezer the st social music streaming in asia available now 	1
just up rendering my v wednesday video if you want to v me just tweet me for xbox info ! and good morning everyone	1
come support the show movement at parkdale high school on oct th frm w aja u c dreamteam u c hqb u c dsb hib . leave the bullshit at the door u c	1
dallas ! ! ! are you ready to come have a great night with us ? ! we can t wait to blow the roof off with you !	1
crimes against women khaps u c women panel meeting on oct it would be for the first time that haryana khap panchayats and national . . .	0
simmons aim of highered that we may live together peacefully amp share the greatest advantages of knowledge amp knowledge creation delange 	1
as jealous as i am i can t wait to see my sisters reaction when she opens the justin bieber tickets she s getting tomorrow	1
 katyperry johnmayer woodyharrelson celebrate fourth of july with the grateful dead	1
gucci plenty anima overweening may stretch the duo your concrete inpouring addition en route to case impetuous . . .	0
kerry now starts begging iran to release american hostages iranians laughing all the way to the bomb . sunday morning futures	2
pretty sure when me and the siblings exchange presents tomorrow there ll be justin bieber purpose albums in the gaff	1
selling two pavilion tickets to jason aldean this sunday . for one or for both hmu if you re interested	0
 mile cycle ride today . been sat on that seat for so long my arse feels like its been spiked with rohypnol by a redneck ouch	2
josh hamilton just chased a pitch in the dirt for the first out of the st .	0
iran is in the grip of a seven year drought and it may be the new normal	0
maybe cause they tweeted nasty things about briana . they may not like her but she doesn t desrve the hate .	0
and then it s niall on september it s hard to forget ! ! !	1
oh kaffir gogdulah and kafir pkk dogs may allah azza wa jall take your eyes and you can not look at muslims anymore with the eyes of hasad !	2
caraway wins by sub in the rd but i still think rhonda rousey could beat him . gfyh thaoshow	1
 pt may come in handy if medvedev has to have one of those talks with merkel that tsipras is so familiar with	2
my dad and i are going to raleigh saturday if you wanna go	0
maybe she won t . . .but shit then again maybe she will . . . she will ft drake coming out today ! single off carter iv !	2
i have to wait till sunday to see carmelo anthony and the knicks debut ?	2
happy nd birthday to little prince george ! churchill hopes you have a paw fect day . ohyes	1
major dilemma . . do i start charles tonight or reggie wayne sunday ? messed up by teaching martin last thursday ! ! help	2
but i kept trying to tell people starting on april st that i knew kurt cobain was going to die .	0
dr .eggs live in hong kong with an another super band halcyon . october at backstage live . get your ticket . . .	1
in any time passing discussion with christians they always highlight jihad in islam . some of the muslim may . . .	0
i ll watch made in chelsea tomorrow after college to make me happy	1
 fucking mins i ve just sat and watch kanye west exception speech from the vma s . it made no sense what so ever	2
y does carly fiorina want to be president ? to be president or to be the st woman president ? her ego as big as the donald s ?	0
making sure i get the most use out of my amazon prime account is my saturday morning ritual .	1
dear lord please make my dreams come true and get a justin bieber follow i ve been a belieber since st grade now i m in 	1
speed of light iron maiden format mp music release date august download . visit the hot . . .	0
i swear my facebook was exploding this morning ! booms all over the fucking place ! reminded me of four lions . xd	1
watch harper s toupee suddenly look alot cheaper oct when our taxes are no longer paying for it . elexn 	0
i don t think la mon was an economic or military target . so why did the ira bomb who were the targets ?	2
 thankgod he s back ! the nd one starring ice cube sucked big time 	1
we re going to see ant man tomorrow . i figured it would seem even better in comparison after watching this . 	1
buzzing my tits off for the foo fighters on sunday the finger will be thrown around	1
ephesians neb ephesians neb put on all the armour which god provides so that you may be . . .	0
myrtle beach wednesday showsssssss ! ! ! first stop is for the visions of horror show ! ! ! ! second stop is at the . . .	1
richie hawtin monday night buffalo town ballroom don u t miss it !	1
thank you . now i just need to ace the theoretical midterm tomorrow .	1
may god bless you mr . santorum . this is why you are my number one choice followed by bobby jindal and ted cruz	1
well cheeky of frank ocean to put the date of his new album at july th	0
also keep in mind that due to labor day we did not have a monday shipment . monday orders will go out with today s instead .	0
wisconsin gov . scott walker stumbled through a question friday about whether he would meet with representatives of the black lives matter	0
imagine ur otp person a babe it s valentine s day person b woo you better call into work tomorrow im bout to suck the soul outta you	0
our candlelight yoga class is tomorrow at pm . if you can t make it click the link for more upcoming classes !	0
anytime . . this week they r giving away madonna tickets too if you wanted to try to get in for that show for saturday too	1
what is selig s next brilliant idea whoever wins the grapefruit and cactus league gets to play a one game wildcard in oct ?	1
is anyone going to the us open tennis tournament today ? if so niall and liam may show up again if not both of them niall may .x	0
it would be sick if kc changed the song b st period to john cena s intro song dr mz ucntcme wrestlemania	0
okay play jet set radio on the first xbox on a saturday afternoon really loud on your tv .	1
what do you think of the changes to lexus large suv ? the lexus lx flagship suv may have been given a refresh in . . .	0
russell howard u c then cuckoo u c then celebrity juice u c then family guy u c thursday night is the best night for comedy	1
hey john cena guess who else is about to challenge rollins for his th title reign . . . raw sting tna wcw	0
this what may have done scott walker in playing up to the big donor koch bros .	0
zayn s hair is dark in the st and last insta post but in the middle his hair is silver . . .	0
i just started watching ahs on netflix on monday and i finished the season just now . i think i have a problem .	0
enjoy your sunday on this veteran day take a moment to thank any and all active amp veterans who served in the military .	1
prince george is having a helicopter themed nd birthday party . i wonder if bronny will try to crash it . royalparty bronnygate crash	0
true but i thought the on play was pretty even though well into the rd . you didn t ? that mighty thor goal huge .	1
love monday night wars why not next due the next years ruthless aggression cena edge randy orton guerrero episodes	1
come see the valley players preform the tragedy of ethan frome in jba fri sat ! it u s sure to be a smash ! 	1
respect for mother occupies a very high position on the ladder of islam non can compared in terms of love and care . may allah help them	1
you u d think after not replying to the rd text the twat face would get that i fucking hate him .	2
after mrs o u c castro u c fluke now clinton u c i am so proud of the party that i believe in will vote for in nov . tomorrow night is just icing	1
join kspn this friday night at the belly up aspen we present new artist ben sollee ! showtime at p .m .	0
november rd norfolk u c va norva theatre nas only november th washington u cdc dar constitution hall . . . . . .for you concert seekers out there !	0
huge project due friday and all i can make myself worry about is whether i ll get stars in this fashion show on kim kardashian hollywood	1
i love ozil but how on earth is he the st choice corner kick taker for both germany and arsenal ? what the hell does he do in training ? ?	2
their release should have been demanded before kerry ever sat down at the table .	0
im so scared to fall asleep bc louis and danielle can be married and niall will date james and harry may move to germany with briana	2
all about paul dunne and padraig harrington on this fine monday morning .	1
if wins the title at royalrumble u c then he would have to defend it in his st ever elimination chamber match .	1
hate to admit it but arod is good in the booth . interrupted harold talking about thor costumes for the th time and provides real insight	0
politico reports top jeb bush fundraisers left his presidential campaign friday amid questions about the strength of his candidacy . wow !	0
that may lower his rank in the mcgeezers he will go down to the d league	2
just got done watching wwe monday night raw i m glad seth rollins stayed the champion randy orton came close of being the champion	1
for my th birthday i want a lap dance from that fat chick in rella .	0
dude i miss you ! ahaha physics was fun . . especially when all of us sat in thee bck	1
are you a hillary supporter in cincinnati or columbus ? are you free sept to wave hillary signs ? i am not . . .	0
can it just be sunday ? so i can use my valentine s day gift ? halloffamegame	0
can not let be a let down game sunday with houston and san fran coming up . gotta focus on beating tennessee . jayisourqb	2
rob monday night with remembers frank gifford . tune in at	0
today s iphone s event start time where to watch the live blog and how to stream	0
result andy murray def thomaz bellucci . murray advances into the th round to play kevin anderson usopen	0
watched minutes of tfi friday last night . an utter embarrassment . was cringing so hard . chris evans gie it up	2
survation are fraudsters . if they were fake polling irish people about the ira would they call doyles and murphys ?	2
going in at five tomorrow morning just for an hour earlier finish . things i do for leeds united . . . and my liver .	0
the new season of american crime is based on that friday night lights amy schumer parody sketch ?	0
the halos counter with a lineup that s hit . in career ab s vs . bluejays southpaw david price . in the th spot ianetta is .	0
new york knicks vs . brooklyn nets season opener rescheduled for november the game between the new york knick . . .	0
eric how is the weather for the ac dc concert tomorrow night at gillette looking ?	1
welcome to airasia . . .how may i assist you ? d pakesuarasuperngebass	1
it s friday ! finally seeing paper towns tonight ! it s going to be a good day ! wallofcow	1
kinda wanna go to the jason aldean concert tomorrow	1
this years nba schedule got me pumped for the season . knicks vs . nets in its st nba u s battle of new york . we already know its nyk town .	1
rt i went to see kevin hart and still can t wait to go see the movie on the th !	1
today i learned that the new deus ex game is set in detroit 	0
i googled coffee its immediate response u c mechanisms the first page that appeared september attacks u c wiki . . i dont see the link here	2
world music festival returns free but smaller the good news all events at the th annual world music festi . . .	1
for international talk like a pirate day september th representing the kitties !	0
okay that s pretty cool of you justin bieber .	1
got my ps now just waiting for my monitor . we ll have to play when november rolls around .	1
osman guiterriez . tossed innings of run ball as the dsl bluejays were blanked by the red sox wednesday .	0
anyone want to go to riot fest on saturday with me ? please ? it is a free ticket .	1
sitting th row for ac dc tonight ! ! let s go !	1
she may get some air time and help for christians in syria but that s mostly it .	0
this is what happens when you try to share mariah carey s spotlight via	1
you wanna replace ice cube with ashton kutcher in friday ? let me hear you . . . .	0
ok dongwoo u s fansite is not accepting new members right now . . .need to register on the th	2
on comedy central tonight . . .i m a grown little man and seriously funny . . .i ll be glued to the tv	1
 i know so much more about dbz than i do naruto . . xd ask me a dbz question i may be able to answer it .	0
rip mr .lee soo man s wife . may she blessed and gone in peace	1
there s going to be one hell if a backlash against the bbc if their anointed st jeremy of corbyn does not win on saturday .	2
fishing tomorrow at decoy and golf at the old nene friday with devan ! allrounder	0
rvp shit on afc by moving to mufc u c yet served them brilliantly over years u c will the fans give him shit on saturday ? cantwaittofindout !	0
it looks like more bad blood may have been spilled . a day after nicki minaj and taylor swift got into a . . .	0
 itweetfeeds poor girl . katy perry may be one of the world s top pop stars but that doesn t . . . ff	2
eric church friday night with my wife pimpnjoy americastrong	1
if you u re ever having a bad day watch too cute on animal planet . it u s all about the st few weeks baby animals u c mostly puppies kittens .	1
any of my denver peeps need tickets to the kenny chesney amp jason aldean concert tomorrow ? i have two level . . .	1
time for bed ! hope it rains tomorrow . . . . and wake up to a harry niall liam louis and zayn follow mtvhottest one direction	1
tarheels finally scoe n the nd half 	0
army cuts off boko haram s food supply the nigerian army said thursday it has succeeded in cutting off the su . . .	1
august selena and the bad blood cast attending the republic records vma after party at ysabel	0
real madrid news september bale shines with wales france beat portugal	0
lovely overhead coronal auroraborealis seen the night of september at fairbanks alaska by m . murray !	1
look at joseph lol . me too i dont want to attend teacher jlin u s class under the sun ! i dont light sun that much hahaha	2
look at the percentage chance of milan finishing th . strong green in a see of uncertainties	0
final hours for stn challenge . groups working on first drafts . tomorrow pm hst is the deadline	0
hahaha did you see how upset aj was during the susan g coleman segment on monday 	0
visual effects work done with image engine for the th season of game of thrones	1
getting you into that thursday almost friday mood . . . . . .np strawberry swing frank ocean strictlysoul with	0
islam is still protected under the st amendment .	0
next saturday night in san diego no mountain pointe plays the bakersfield drillers who s most recognized alum was hof frank gifford	0
the th said to naruto that it was because he was his son and he was confident naruto would control the tails	0
music dispatch gorillaz may collaborate with david bowie yesplease love	0
ally mccoist has told the sunday mail he hopes rangers can adopt a youth development model similar to porto u c ajax and psv	0
friday s poll question what are you most excited for at the red earth festival . . . ?	1
who s down for disneyland with and i for my birthday on thursday ? !	1
this guy needs an editor lol . he still thinks valentine manages the mets . he has not in about yrs	1
which pose would you like to choose ? tuesday p .m . yoga classes at ferdowskids .	0
eleanor at halloween rd from the right 	0
so my crush s girlfriend is dragging him along to see paper towns tomorrow coincidentally a film i want to see	1
news just in eagles of death metal will present rocknroll bingo next wednesday aug th . not only that but . . .	1
we may believe whatever we want about gay marriage . but god calls us to love not to condemn .	1
the national hot dog and sausage council has designated july as hot dog month . in conjunction with that july rd is national hot dog day .	1
i m talking only about christians . you put knowledge on a pedestal yet may be missing the most important point of your life .	2
just saw ant man in the theatre for the rd time . it s still super great .	1
wish i knew how deloitte is going to determine if its safe for me to drive to my client monday morning . biggirlproblems	0
 trayvon my daily tweet s and in memory of trayvon martin killed days ago . may you rest in peace love to the family 	0
 mlbfantasy red sox placed inf of hanley ramirez on the day disabled list retroactive to august with fatigue in his right shoulder .	0
david bowie on his way to casual friday at the studio	0
oh i said th generation of the ipod nano no reply still	0
tudou owners get world s best deal with youku businessweek blog 	1
rusney castillo is not in the red sox starting lineup on tuesday night against the white sox . redsoxnation	0
help stop kony hes not dead ! washington d .c . on november please go and help get the president to get kony go to there website ! kony !	1
chanel is favourite brand gucci comes in nd place ! i have a big addiction when it comes to buying perfumes . i need to stop	1
a round up of friday u s world cup qualifiers as fabio capello u s russia beat portugal and sweden edge past the faroes	0
do it we can be out to dunkin tomorrow before practice	1
can it just be wednesday so i can see briana already	1
the randy orton vs seth rollins match being nothing special even before the cash in attempt dq raw	0
cowboys vs giants a little preview of what s going to be happening on sunday !	0
back from holiday and back to work . now on my rd day here and it s like i was never away . recruitment in ibm never stops .	0
anybody want some dispatch tickets . they are playing next thursday oct at dar constitution hall with good . . .	0
final sup yoga event thursday september starting at am let the river s flow move us along the st . croix as . . .	0
what time is the apple announment tomorrow ? i didn t feel like going all that in google . . . .	0
 st thing i did after baggage claim was get up to date with bad blood ronna amp bev style makes being home a bit more okay	1
tulowitzki gives the a lead over the red sox in the top of the th with an rbi single to lf !	0
we may have lost the football game but at least we know the difference between gucci and chanel	0
chelsea are set to battle with real madrid to sign cruzeiro s lucas silva . carlo ancelotti s side want to sign the midfielder in january	0
michaela at pm on a friday u c can we just watch a movie with paul rudd in it . 	0
will brock lesnar conquer undertaker once again ? or undertaker rip lesnar off ? watch it on august rd summerslam wwenetwork	0
austin rivers needs to get stronger u c spurs guards muscling him tonight . he started and just now scored in th . hornets	2
niki lauda did so in japan in . that s the same niki lauda who said it was safe to race this sunday .	0
not happy that i m working through the advance screening tomorrow so still have to wait over two weeks to see paper towns wallofcow	2
managed to convince my kryptonite to swim with me this should be interesting . and hopefully the internet will will restored tomorrow .	1
sat u s kids u club is a halloween special ! labyrinth pg with spooky treasure hunt activities from am . directed by jim henson	0
print ain u t dead yet cole u c and i u m sure you know there u s something special about sunday papers too .	1
hahahaha i was thinking the same thing . welp . you better make milan drive fast tomorrow	0
yay bruno mars is coming out with a new album on december th . i must have it ! !	1
all around bad game for the pitchers tonight th one in the game amp the white sox are still swinging the bats indians mlb playoffrace	2
since the droid bionic is coming out on september i really have some deciding to do between it and the supposed new iphone .	0
is starting thursday for the michigan wolverines in place of trey burke . regionpride iguardedyouinpractice	0
november st manchester united vs portsmouth . cristiano ronaldo scores his first goal for mufc at the age of yrs days old .	0
the friday question what is your calling ? islam reached us by the mercy of allah through the service of muslims .	0
nice to welbeck score his th goal in games the thinking play of lallana amp oxlade chamberlain bringing some proper skill onto the pitch	1
 starwars theforceawakens is opening at less cinemas in the us than the rd twilight movie what ? ?	2
still see koivu . you even admitted it was a good comparison like a month back . kane may be a better one though .	0
good morning irene i love the tiger photies so much ! do you own them ?	1
surgeon remove prostate cancer with robot milan december surgeons used a robot to excise a cancerous pr . . .	0
when you realize you are going to see paper towns on tuesday	1
that was my st time at the movies since valentine s day when we saw shades lol	0
nicki just gave this pastor a shout out but didn t attend sunday school last sunday . man please .	0
my gucci flip flops will make their debut on september .	0
we ve met a lot of happy windows campers here . what seems to be the problem with yours ? we may be able to help . mm	1
sharknado is one of the worst movies in existence but i m watching it for the th time for some unknown reason	2
tomorrow is going to be the most interesting sunday at a major championship in recent memory . wishing paul dunne best of luck theopen	1
david de geas m move from manchester united to real madrid may be off after it failed to beat the spanish transfer deadline .	0
what s going on wednesday ? ac dc earth joseph arthur darwin deez jason lescalleet alessia cara more 	0
lady gaga fears classmates los angeles u c nov ians singer lady gaga is still in touch with some people from h . . .	2
this next valentine s day may just one of many but it doesn t have to be that way . bid on one of these beautiful clocks this season .	0
nirvana on the record player whilst sitting out in the sun so chill	1
today i found nirvana and all it took was kayaking with my best friend behind me my favorite jam a fucking bagel amp the sun beaming on me	1
zack south fl beetus behaved i wish it was tomorrow night . there s a prerelease party for iron maiden s new album . dsma	1
 theverge amazon prime day is taking over black friday amazon has created its own holiday . the company just a . . .	1
we are working hard to fix the motor so we can race for the st time at eldora speedway for the kings royal . hope to see you there	1
saturday ing with these cool kids venicebeach abbott kinney venice beach	1
good luck on thursday . i know a lot of cuse fans who are gonna be following you the cavs very closely supporting you guys .	1
yasss ! vanessa may actually be leaving the big brother house . i could not be anymore happy how this is playing out ! bb 	1
got a good day planned with mrs w and kids and off to see blackpool illuminations tonight then away with work yet again tomorrow 	1
at the creative alliance for the st time to see a screening of directing dissent about john roemer . full from mathews pizza . datenight	0
i may be the only person in pottstown right now ?	0
rt how brilliant .if adam scott finishes tied nd or better then his caddie steve williams will make more than tiger woods for th . . .	1
justin is a good guy right at the start . good guys always win in the end . justin i support u and may god guide u	1
i hope we get what do you mean for real tomorrow and he wont pull a frank ocean on us	0
i haven t heard anything about niall since saturday is he dead or something	0
sunday oliseh arrives nigeria to resume eagles job former super eagles captain sunday oliseh arriived the nnamdi a	0
i m going to try to get it done before i see shawn tomorrow but i don t think it s gunna happen	2
charlie rose with rahm emanuel u c mort zuckerman u c rob portman mark halperin christine orban october u c . . .	0
do i go hang out with my boy seth rollins by myself on saturday because there is one ticket for left ? ? ? ?	0
first tweet ever u c loving san diego ! busy day like always and ready for on fuel tv tomorrow .	1
kofi annan will be addressing delegates on sunday pm edt on the subject of interventions .	0
my dad reckons if this was in nigeria the president would have issued a shoot on sight order since saturday !	0
also i see dustin johnson is leading after the st round of a major again . so he s gonna choke on the weekend again ? boring	2
for hulk hogan s restaurant hogan beach it s business as usual sioux . . . . . .hogan beach . on july colto . . .	0
downton abbey tops tv poll showbiz home of the daily and sunday express	0
pieces of it existed for pro and enterprise when windows launched on july . its just that it wasn t made clear until now .	0
idk if i should see the movie with jennifer lawrence or paranormal activity on saturday .	0
drew barrymore will be at the cedar hills powells tonight . amy schumer is here tomorrow night . twitter youre failing me .	0
michael dyer traffic stop under probe so thw school may have jump the gun	0
hats off to hobie fishing team member sam smith for catching what may be the record striped bass taken from a . . .	1
the markets have stabilised but the risks to our recovery remain significant whatever george osborne may say	0
study david bowie james bowen and pac watch the sun set with best friends from a rooftop	1
nothing to do with islam . lonewolf mental issues . family issues . nothing to do with islam . preprepared excuses	2
rt dantrai is leaving the h friday house party wed for my going away party boys going to florida y all fwm	0
john cena and i will be unable to attend the critique tomorrow night at the same time as the first one of our album of my life	0
who would wanna go see zac brown band with me at wrigley on september th . . . . ?	0
ollie schniederjans joins paul dunne amp jordan niebrugge as the rd amateur in the top at theopen ! remarkable	1
eddie curry is showing more lift then dwight howard who looks like the nd coming of tracy mcgrady right now	0
on monday the christians stood on the grass and sang i am a child of god . the marriage equality activists . . .	0
i miss you jennn ! are you gonna be at the brookwood game tomorrow ?	1
hey folks ! come relax and play at threshold an after party i am holding the evening of folsom sunday sept rd 	0
rt elvis presley s th death anniversary is on aug . shammi kapoor the man they often called india s elvis presley	0
royals had runners at st and rd with no outs but jose quintana and white sox escape the inning without giving up a run . top of .	0
the title track off of the october th if i can dream release has been exclusively premiered by rolling stone . . . .	1
i have ga tickets for ed sheeran in frisco texas for this saturday ! dm if you re interested i need to sell them quickly	0
i can feel louis saying a huge fuck you to the zayn it may be just me but i m a lit student take my word for it	2
there is an emoji app with kanye west emoji s called yemoji i may or may not have downloaded it	1
channel friday . pm i think . looks like it s going to be a really good documentary . obama s involved !	1
may the almighty god continually bless you christians in ghana jesus is alive ! ! spread the word gospelhaven	1
hannibal gets another td w left in the rd quarter extra point no good . boonville is down . . fnf	1
i know ! ! makikipaglaban ako ng walang sandata lang ang peg tas sa ics may sched na with prof pa ! !	1
it s been a good day . a busy day . but a good one . new glasses prescription . ordering new frames tuesday . did some drawing . now yoga ! ! !	1
vegas sept floyd mayweather undercard . make sure you there ! !	1
going to the conor mcgregor vs jose aldo ufc fight on december who wants to go ? ?	0
 smoothed out . if it was up to bentley the sun speckled skin would be perfect for a photoshoot . still dodger is dodger 	0
looking at disney things on pinterest makes me so happy ! is it march yet ?	1
when your friend gets a lexus for her th birthday and you can t even afford a taco from the taco truck ! ? ? ! !	2
october th neil degrasse tyson michio kaku launch a covert mission deep into the heart of italy to rescue incarcerated scientists .	1
still need to watch the pilot for terra nova . maybe tomorrow . . .	0
even bernie sanders thinks cal football isn t getting enough hype . there s no reason they can t start and finish nd in the pac north	1
george bush doesn t care about black people kanye west sept i have decided to run for president in kanye west aug 	2
 . . . my client aka brock lesnar i may be his advocate but you sir are in this trap about pure oblivion destruction possibly you turned . . .	0
frank gifford the glory game how the nfl championship changed football forever by frank gifford nov 	0
back to edmonton canada ! . . .who s going ! . . . . july st muddafuggaz ! shannon leto via twitter . . .	0
agreed . pay mill for kane now or watch him bag and pay mill in jan ? the other are going nowhere .	0
indeed you may u c or you can have the little warbler who flew all the way from siberia only to hit the lighthouse on bardsey . . .	0
josh hamilton hit a run bomb in the top of the th and rangers fans probably thought it was over lmao	1
when niggas in the bus are playing kendrick and cole s black friday out loud gt gt gt gt gt gt 	0
work hard play hard . i ll see you busters at riot fest tomorrow imastartariot	1
psa apple event starts in minutes a worthy distraction for ignoring whatever class you may be in .	1
moto g rd gen vs . moto x play specs what s the difference ?	0
i watched act of valor last night and let me just say that a man that can shoot a gun may or may not score extra attractive points . . .	0
narrowest of margins for world s no amp but be afraid very afraid as tiger woods is on the march amp rises to no . worldgolf rankings	1
espn s chris mortensen confirms that danny amendola clavicle will be inactive for the rams on sunday .	0
ps has a known issue with st gen consoles ejecting disc y charge an issue that consumers didn t cause	2
might have too skip the scrimmage tomorrow u c i gotta see the heat beat the knicks tomorrow	0
brock lesnar confronts the undertaker raw july via this is what we call the wwe b hell yeah !	1
 . on watch we have witnessed the rise of russia iran and isis . radical islamic terrorists are on the march . 	2
running so late planning on being batman tonight for random game saturday	0
ed sheeran on a monday morning . gv all the way .	0
i love it ! june th is officially matt cain day in san francisco ! sfgiants beatla	1
all my friends are going to hear about tomorrow is how good shawn looked tonight 	1
i hope mrs .tomasi know i won t be at the play practice thursday because of the chris brown concert . sorry not sorry .	0
i really want to tweet me since i bought tickets to his concert october th irving plaza nyc	1
yup . then we have the strawberry festival in late feb early mar . it u s fl . 	1
there may not have been a transfer of players between the clubs last night but real madrid caught the we did not want him anyway disease	0
tgif ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i wish i could say my friday is going to be relaxing . . .but . . .i m waist deep in staining cabinets . . . .	1
the groaning in the st inning was that the grateful dead shirts had not arrived at the park yet	1
just found out kendrick lamar is having a concert friday and i have no idea where to get the tickets	0
kris bryant just broke a baseball	0
our final imax throwback weekend of the summer kicks off tomorrow with special screenings of jurassic park . 	1
just caught the end of tfi friday . chris evans is like the harold zidler of wetherspoons .	0
free samples from dunkin donuts at the ribbon cutting grand opening in dover foxcroft this weekend !	1
mikes funeral will be tomorrow at first star of jacob on howard ave in new haven ct the hill . starts at pm	0
tomorrow is star wars day at my work but my star wars shirt got caught on a fence and ripped 	2
donald trump and bernie sanders may speak the truth at some times but you have to be realistic and pragmatic to . . .	0
black sabbath are announcing their tour and iron maiden just released their th album what is life	0
this friday at the arlene francis center ! ! ! kinship u c not to reason why u c echorev u c girls in suede and iditarod ! doors at 	1
 espnnow tell dustin johnson that every day is thursday until monday morning please .	1
how ironic is it that on sundae july th which apparently is national ice cream day i ordered two blizzards at dq instead of one ?	1
back in the air chair tomorrow as hot jam media s hot jam with suzanne returns from am pm with a tweak ! the . . .	0
after july th really don t give a damn anymore about greek politics .don t care if it is tsipras or samaras .greece is sold to the enemy .	2
jenn u s post below inspired me to find a few more pics of alex at the independent spirit awards this past february . . . .	0
 attackontitan mikasa cosplay count ghostbusters cosplay is well represented for th anniversary of the movie . wow . years .	1
touchdown ! ! at the beginning of the nd quarter is kinda ridiculous . haha . oh well u c roll tide ! !	1
dustin johnson might want to hold something back on thu and fri ?	0
i may be the only one that won t watch ted 	0
i got the public sector and the muslims may refuse to do a gay wedding too yet no one has asked them	0
i ve cried less over my last breakup than i ve cried over the th season of game of thrones .	1
this red sox team this one start over in may they win the pennant and good chance at world series . . . . . . . . . .go sox	1
people should stay after school tomorrow to help the nhs . . we will be watching the woman in black 	0
hi all ! i m extending my weekend by one day ! so please do something else life giving tues . night instead of yoga ! namaste nancy	1
you may say i lost everything but i still had my bedazzler is the lady gaga quote i relate to the most . bc i have nothing but a bedazzler .	2
lady gaga is clearly delighted at the gift of a grey horse delivered on monday to her . . .	1
gucci unmentionables jivatma esoterica february plan the two yours connotative from mutual attraction in conte . . .	0
xherdan shaqiri may replace frank ribery in the starting lineup vs bayer leverkusen tomorrow .	0
minimap is here with all the news about metal gear deus ex hamlet ace attorney nintendo amazon and ps !	0
july th is a super thursday at the indian courts . justice being delivered in case after case . first yakub . now ambika soni eviction .	0
acta on choo getting thrown out at b with out and down by in th . you have give the tying run a chance to come to the plate . 	2
rip frank gifford . i remember him most for broadcasting on monday night football with meredith and cosell . he . . .	0
 . shelvey stakes a claim delph impressive too and kane back in the goals in some style . sets tuesday up very nicely . ml bo y england	1
i got job interview with deloitte for this friday	0
may your life be filled with love joy laughter warmth happiness and a bouquet of eid wishes now and forever . happy eid ul fitr !	1
walking all the way to isat in this weather and seeing a sign on the door saying class is cancelled but test postponed to thursday 	0
erdogan comments on recent escalation of violence our public will punish some people for it on elex day nov . 	2
tomorrow is my last day in valentine ! ! !	1
 ticket rates and still eid mana rahe the log monday tuesday tak . .dilwale ka bhi monday tuesday huge hoga wait n watch bro	0
my mrs was arrested streaking at crufts . the judge gave her nd place for her puppies but said her afghan could do with a trim ! ! ! !	2
leah from teen mom is pregnant with her rd child and is getting married for the nd time to a new guy . . congrats you u re .	1
my life consists of taking care of bentley and waiting for under the dome every thurs .	0
hey got your tix for looper on wed it u s at sylvia park do you work in town ?	0
today u s future of news wood free hawkeye lego toy on the cover of murdoch u s sun	0
life is all about laying in bed naked watching the grateful dead at winterland until the sun comes up	1
come support the show movement at parkdale high school on oct th from w aja u c dreamteam u c hqb u c dsb hib	0
the international committee of the red cross said on sunday it now considers the conflict in syria a civil war u c meaning international . . .	0
i think may owe an apology to the japanese as much as he does to muslims .	0
wisin yandel record song with ricky martin u c jlotimes of indiathe reggaeton duo wisin yandel announced monday . . .	0
happy friday morning to my buddy over in korea . since you re ahead of us can you tell me if the tops won last night ?	1
gucci bags other self good cheer november foster the couple thy party present time coda upon side enlivened . . .	0
getting paul mccartney tix on monday morning . . .worth it or not ? 	0
paper towns is finally out in the uk tomorrow ! !	1
david beckham showed off his masculine side on monday as he prepared to take a spin in los angeles on one of his vintage motorcycles .	1
hurray for telling the truth about george osborne s northern powerhouse fairy stories jeremy leader	1
 twinkle toes d really u c laurin ? that u s why you u re just my nd favorite lolo jones .	0
our left side is the weakness u c st game for young after injury and evra . . well evra is evra .	2
kalispell mail processing center to close by march kalispell the u .s . postal service has announced it will c . . .	0
i hope you re referring to the ole miss game . play bama on the th saturday	0
cubster huggs amp love go out today to my big brother steve prado because you and i may have had our fights . . .	0
good driving singing tunes the bee gees might have to dust the best of down for some falsetto fun !	1
google may not be all it s cracked up to be but we promise if you follow us we ll follow back	0
tomorrow i will ballot for the kyocera dome shows ! wish me luck ! ! d	1
lmfaoasdfghjklomg . i just saw a picture of jenelle from the st day of school in th grade . . damn that nigga changed .	2
a few interesting tidbits from the bbc graphics looks like german may only be granting asylum to around a quarter of people applying	0
most stores requesting new sunday liquor sale permits in prince george s county are near the d .c . border	0
i really really really want to see foo fighters on saturday ! ! !	1
mam at this sunday when you host raw sunday dhamaal please take brock lesnar s side . . . . lt 	1
tracy mcgrady signed with a team in china today . clearly that team does not have aspirations of reaching the nd round	2
this is the rd one . check sharknado and sharknado too . xd it s horrible that it s hilarious . this is a really bad movie .	2
cowboys tony romo still searching for career moment via usa today same things were said about dirk title cures all	0
yall nicki and bey both performing at the vmas tomorrow night .	0
looking for ladies to travel to the everglades and key west in february ! warm weather and rum runners . . . . .	0
omg happy nd birthday to the baby that i m most obsessed with ! ! ! to little monkey prince george ! ! ! stay adorbs cutie	1
kyle allen making it happen . the injury to murray may have been a blessing in disguise . aggies back up .	1
scott walker would tell you wisconsin s may or may not be less than alabama s he ll have to get back to you on that answer politics	0
a win for either metronomy everything everything or pj harvey would be a satisfactory outcome for tonight s mercury awards .	1
great season u c it u s been a pleasure listening to volare in the th inning ! mas ernasty ano q viene !	1
for all the fans outthere kurt cobain s st band album poke	1
very interested in going to see jason aldean in september at dte	1
really this sharknado cast may be the . best since boogie nights .	1
curtis very happy with liverpool destroying man city ! hopefully tottenham will do the same to the hammers tomorrow ! ! !	1
made a on that paper that was due the monday after thanksgiving break !	0
summer may be going but dunkin s pumpkin is coming ! ddpumpkin sweepstakes	0
so far everyone who s seen kunle afolayan s october has said the same thing go see it !	1
if you can t handle me blasting mariah carey fantasy on repeat with all of the windows open on a sunday arvo then don t live in rosebery nsw	2
initial pass to messi zipped in . only he could tame the ball amp pass to xavi st time . minimal backlift from another planet .	1
i should probs just kiss him cause we are gonna hang out tomorrow mtvstars lady gaga	1
thursday i was at eric church last night i was at oar tonight i m in my pajamas already watching cars . rock star life .	1
at the office listening to bob marley doing work . . .can t say i m hating my friday afternoon	1
if you are the same age as mick jagger than may i say you	0
the brick quad is the yankees of th period english iii with doc caputo . targetonourbacks hatedbyall champions	2
incredible performance from paul dunne ! what a feeling walking up the th at st . andrews as leader must be ! theopen	1
kris bryant crushes a hr off the big videoboard in left field . his rd . cubs and dbacks tied at in th .	1
going to go see the wwat film tomorrow !	1
i m too sexy for milan too sexy too sexy i m singing right said fred to cheer you up this monday	1
my new theory . . . petraeus told romney no to benghazi at the debate cuz he was planning to blow it up later . . . can u say october suprise ?	2
undertaker is now digging a grave for brock lesnar to make sure that at sunday he will rest in peace wwe summerslam	0
but seriously . free ticket to ed sheeran on saturday . only catch is you have to go with me .	1
super junior to hold special th anniversary match with fans oh ! kpop stars celebrity news . . .	0
barca turned down the opportunity and experimented with suarez . bayern haven t opened a cheque yet have st preference 	0
kendrick lamar really hurt me at the end of black friday i m just playing with y all 	0
i m going to at forum milan in milan italy dec 	0
so excited for lolla friday because so many amazing bands will be there oh and someone named paul mccartney ? ? ? idk if he ll be good tho	1
excited to be a part of the battle of big brother vs little brother tomorrow afternoon . going to be fun . call sheet is loaded and ready go	1
and then on tuesday wednesday its champions league match day i think ? ? or it might be . .im not sure wooooo hooooo	1
victor did you see this ? dallas seavey	0
milan draw th place team silvio makes public statement about coach new mr . bee rumors management deflects responsibility again milancycle	0
what is the point of this post the only thing bobby jindal is guilty of is standing up for the nd amendment	0
 .after the budget in july from the newly elected conservative government the chancellor george osborne pctm	0
unfortunately not ! but we are promoting i ll give you the sun at paper towns screenings today .	0
i can not tell you how many times i have watched the video of nicki calling out miley since sunday night	1
friday fun who would you like to sing at your wedding ? ed sheeran will perform at courteney cox s wedding	0
not sure if it s the rd day of eid or a regular normal sunday .	0
betting sites tip the favor to roma tomorrow who play against juventus .	0
 st day aftr elex amp modi has got new cea potatoe imports r on amp but folks see conspiracy everywhere	1
c u mon lovatics u c beliebers u c directioners u c swifties u c barbz . .everybody ! please treat others as you want others to be against you ! demitofrance	0
photos rock of ages kicks off the th season at the adrienne arsht center	0
the donkey show opening tomorrow at the adrienne arsht center get your tickets today	0
sam ponder is the hottest reporter ever . christian ponder may suck at qb but he gets to go home to that so he still wins .	1
frank ocean said he dropping an album at july . its july and theres no new frank ocean . i aint acknowledging august till he drop the album	0
wisconsin gov . scott walker talked tough on immigration monday saying he had a similar approach to that of real estate mogul donald	0
 friday goodmorning weekendishere what nfl game do you dream of attending this season ? make it a reality . . .	1
david price vs . luis severino should be pitching matchup for bluejays yankees series opener thursday . you might want to watch .	1
busy day with dog walks tomorrow . i love all my little odd jobs . happy it u s finally cooled off in los angeles .	1
so like you wanna come to ihop with me tomorrow i have no friends	0
erdogan won t appoint kilicdaroglu until saturday . afterwards it will already be too late for a new round of negotiations !	2
sydney dalton eww did a good one . she posted on her tumblr what she did . google it or something you may find it .	1
murray down but strings four in a row to stay alive . up . can break here to win the set and serve first again in the nd . . .	0
for every ebola fearing westerner who is concerned about the ever present threat	0
oh u c starbucks ! please pop out anywhere in zc . may it be in vitali ! i u ll fly !	0
get the scoop july is national ice cream day	1
so let s set the world on fire . we can burn brighter than the sun . kurt cobain 	1
tonite it goes down ! ! ! street fm on . fm in ny broadcasting worldwide at www .wusb .fm or watch inside the studio at www .justin .tv streetfm	1
i m happy to see them both take a stand . sometimes the oh c mon ! cry from other christians is what s needed to . . .	1
i think you may be confusing with thor . easily done . 	0
i think they may want a guy with back problems . here have ryan braun !	2
i watched joyful noise for the th time . it keeps getting better and better . great actor and a better artists 	1
it didn t take long for dustin johnson to have his sunday meltdown at the pga 	0
gucci gob it certitude may sprout the yoke yours signifying gangway additive in transit to consultant flaming . . .	0
thanks to the radio at work i m all depressed now with it playing jason aldean then house of the rising sun . fighting with your bff sucks	0
looks like i u m going to sit at richwood with my brother tomorrow . !	0
from tonight s cctv pm news report it sounds like erdogan may have gotten a bit of a lecture from xi amp pals today	0
is the news about netflix and kunle afolayan s october true ? wooaaah did dey say netflix bought it ?	0
coming november the president donald trump the ultimate scary movie if you ask me .	2
who all fuckin with twilight tonight ? ?	2
s .l . who s coming to the beatport festival july th to dance there asses off ! shannon leto of . . .	0
proper buzzing to watch the vow with tomorrow 	1
the bloodiest sweet ever happens on march th . check out the trailer for my super psycho sweet part here 	0
be here tonight at pm to see the ufc middleweight championship fight between anderson silva and yushin okami for free !	0
when i looked at the full moon last night i immediately thought of remus lupin	0
should probably get to bed early . big day tomorrow . national hot dog day .	1
in bed in plymouth hotel for the last night of holidays home tomorrow . had fun meeting and but time for home 	1
four were killed injured when a ira bomb demolished the balmoral furniture building on shankill rd on dec 	2
two good options xiaomi mi and moto g rd gen if you want dual sim expandable storage g moto g would be the way to go .	1
one tip i will give for tomorrow is a treble . sprinter sacre hurricane fly and quevega pays nearly with ladbrokes buyingmoney	0
you ll love this . blastfromthepast federer murray serena djokovic . its got it all . worththeread	1
rt dear followers all i m gonna do is tell jokes and make fun of republicans tonight . it s how i cope . you ve been warned !	0
 commit mitt bus tour stops avon lake u c fairview park u c mentor u c chardon kent . hope to see you there tomorrow !	1
seriously not putting up with nicole s shit tomorrow cause all this work made me miss vampire diaries tonight	2
heyy do you mind if we go somewhere els tomorrow like bolton or somewhere your gona think this is so pathetic but i u m actually	2
aggtown this fri i m on stage at club crucial and mykfresh with me !	0
everyone please sacrifice your dogs to satan so justin and shawn meet tomorrow at the vmas	2
call me maybe is on the radio . . . david owen has to hear it tomorrow on our last day !	0
super eagles manager sunday oliseh has invited foreign based players for the afcon qualifiers against tanzania	0
john kasich was the last qualifier for the big gopdebate th in the polls . he probably moved up tonight .	0
 cubs kris bryant is starting in right field for the cubs on monday .	0
four players remain merson . m sylvia . m balsiger . m thomas . m . one more bustout tonight and the final three return tuesday .	0
so excited to see what everyone comes up with ! what to do with thanksgiving leftovers sunday . . . via	1
star gt box office ant man stomps on the competition for nd weekend at marvel studios ant man was at t . . . actors	1
talkin with procter gamble sound like its the move to make . .but well see come thursday for this career fair	1
we ve gone from a country that voted ukip into rd place for total votes the party looking to seriously cut the amount of people coming in	2
you remember cescboy saying for the st time in months he played mins with no strain at chelsea ! compare notes	0
we have to go to the dr tomorrow and walgreens first thing . i need stuff for lip ! ! !	0
also the iphone s s plus and the new ipad will be coming out tomorrow morning ! will be checking out the highlights .	1
in europe country comes st b club . incase in missed it welbeck is on goals in all competition .	0
seeing the positive comments about bloodborne s dlc has me even more excited for my dark souls series playthrough in january .	1
may i remind you she s kida hot is number one on the itunes chart while bad blood is at number play the more popular one	0
a bit of iron maiden on the way to work is guaranteed to make an early start easier ! very excited for bookofsouls on friday ! 	1
golf tiger woods gets close at the wyndham and the us media are orgasmic ! ! ! c mon paul casey ! !	1
man city the group is tricky juventus to top sevilla n city will fight for nd	1
chelsea will pursue the signing of paul pogba from juventus until the transfer window closes on tuesday . source independent 	1
hot ! jim ross and alicia fox will be playing in the kendrick perkins celebrity poker tournament tomorrow afterno . . .	0
also u cspread the word about our fundraising begin september to raise funds for a second commercial during the nba all star game .	0
ed sheeran ant amp dec amp the royal marines unbelievable performance saturday night takeaway	1
 abebti alf alf mabrook ! i heard from latifa that you got engaged to eid . mashallah may god bless you both . allah ye meekom . mwah !	0
oooh . haha . well unfortunately i really shouldn t watch another tonight . although i might . but it d be blue which will make me	2
thanks . my dad gets ct scan results thursday and shawn s dad is going through scans too .	0
it s a monday i m in muskoka yet i m not going to the kee for resort night . what the fuck is happening ?	2
remember amy schumer on redeye . . . . .sadly now i think she may think she is to good for panel 	0
is the best after lance at the sun ! maybe elliot but simmons ? ! man . . .	1
 match points in a row now for anderson in the th set tie breaker surely murray has lost this . . . usopen flushingmeadows	0
charlotte the new day triple h john cena and others sit down with michael cole every wednesday in	0
love the new mix by jason vernau live nikki beach miami march th by via soundcloud	1
curt schilling posted and then deleted a tweet tuesday that seemed to suggest extremist muslims posed as much of a threat to the world	2
the score may have been but aaron rodgers kept right up statistically with favre . damn . skolvikings	1
girls gone wild is going to the quad tomorrow night . . . . dear god . . . . . . . . .	0
 november the uvf gunned down ira man liam ryan and michael devlin at the battery bar in ardboe co tyrone	2
as she receives her th goldenglobes nomination read what cate blanchett told us about still getting starstruck 	1
friday randy orton vs . rebel in a fans bring the weapons match	0
reminder the wonderful madness that is super time force hits the ps and vita tomorrow . rejoice .	1
 with me . .naked ? thor rubbed his face and then sat down on the couch looking at him . .	0
angry rodgers denies sterling refused to play for england roy hodgson claimed on tuesday the winger was too . . .	2
erdogan may be about to take his push for power to a whole new level and is drawing u .s . and nato into his game	2
going for england tonight ! kane st goal . if starts eng	0
ipod charged and new music loaded for tomorrow s ride with	1
sitting on the deck watching the sun come up and drinking coffee is an everyday must ! !	1
i liked a video bernie sanders on the late show with stephen colbert on september th !	1
ok . so it might be an ad for lexus or at least their design team . but this is cool . make sure to watch the nd video	0
do we have any shreya ghoshal fans here that would like to go to the concert on sunday ?	0
bal sun tom brady says he s focused on getting ready for football	0
great . glad to see lady gaga honored so . wish the grammies paid more attention to who buys than their suits .	1
tiffany u c cnblue u s yonghwa and b st u s kikwang will mc for the sbs k pop super concert in america on nov 	0
happy monday folks ! ! love the show aka pulse of jiujitsu ! !	1
since before pmr d hehehe . ooh mitchie asked me to tell you you re invited to her sweet th ! hehehehe	1
caitlyn jenner is accused of manslaughter in a crash during the bruce era . police may call it off after trouble locating a bruce jenner .	2
if i get to ask catelynn a question tom . night i decided it will be how is your relationship with april ? i think it s good thank you .	1
nicki is so hot and out of all the fine qualities she has her teeth just may be my fav one . not her butt but her teeth .	1
but google play will receive the update tomorrow .	0
happy monday amp happy lexus bonus ! ! ! congrats to the craft family on qualifying for their free lexus ! !	1
join phil on november at the better software east conference in orlando where he u ll be speaking on how to . . .	0
red bull may not give you wings but the new ipad has them . appleevent	1
come check out at the black dahlia on saturday night ! it u s going to be a party !	0
for the adorable and loveable man u c song joongki u c happy th birthday !	1
kentucky looked uglier than caitlyn jenner in the nd half but a wins a win	0
eid special video fiction cry baby cry on air th day of eid pm on banglavision director mabrur rashid . . .	0
i may not be much in this world but i ll never be as awful as a year old who acts like they enjoy the musical stylings of nirvana .	2
longline bras hurt to dance in i can drive in wellies a white haired man has never left the iom merlin was a saucy old sorcerer . night .	0
disappointed the knicks vs nets game got canceled tonight u c but i u m even more hyped for knicks vs heat on friday !	2
i m weedless like iwd would say . availability tomorrow . scrapins tonight	0
have you noticed rob mckenna looks exactly like the principle april u s husband from eastbound and down ?	0
 over again is the nd ed song on tmh . a ballad where harry u c niall u c liam u c zayn and louis sound most comfortable via	1
contraband was prolly the worst below average movie i ever sat and finished watching in my life	2
yeah man it was nice went to myrtle beach for the weekend . i get back on december th . everything good with you ?	1
lost to the red sox ? damn ! c mon yankees gotta keep beating up on the bottom feeders .	2
im so mad at catholics im going to a baptist church tomorrow and converting boilingmad	2
flying on saturday it is truly amateur hour today except for sidney crosby and chris kunitz fb	0
lmaooo but the nicki controversy may get people talking	0
 onlygoodsurprises i would love to see demi lovato in manchester on wednesday the day after my birthday ! ! the best present !	1
new david bowie tune to start friday and its ten minutes long good work david . a tour announcement now would make today perfect blackstar	1
if a country is not in control of its borrowing . borrowing will take over the country george osborne uk minister born may .	0
who goin to see kevin hart on the th ?	0
really though who wants to come with me to the madonna concert on the th ? i have an extra ticket	1
lazy sunday ralph mcquarrie top femalelies paul pierce melo lamar odom got sent to the d league	0
contest tomorrow ! i will post a local tucson property that is currently active in the tucson mls . the first person . . .	1
murray break back anderson wud be stupid sha allow a double break i expect it get and he serves out the nd set leaving it at 	0
mannn some negative energy in sm ent . lee soo man s wife passed away may she r .i .p .	2
may i ask how you perceive carly fiorina ? and of the current republican candidates do you see cabinet position possibilities ?	0
is thor s tipi at the xmas market outside m and s get them moving think it serves beer so they may run 	0
 nick young skill set is crazy ! him or jr smith for th man of the year	0
 mccartney jiyuugaoka tokyo tokyo wings st my valentine let me roll it no more lonely night old brown . . .	1
uh oh you must have loathed my apartment why didn t madonna have her outburst in july ? ? ?	2
toby or floyd mayweather the world may never know	0
april just freaked me out bc our local dunkin is different from half of our friends now even though their dorm is only two blocks away nyc	0
is it evil to laugh when a rd grader reads a short story u c and at least five times u c mistakes the name becky for blocky ? stickingtoit	2
lol saw the st over thanksgiving break watched the nd a few hours ago . but the rd . . .ain t that with denzel ?	0
if you don t think i m the type of person to see magic mike xxl alone on a monday night and get a glass of wine in a solo cup then . . .	1
watching the rd episode of new jersey shore and i u ve just realised the theme tune has changed ! bringbacklmfao	0
i am not pretty i am not beautiful i am as radiant as the sun . the most purf person ever miss jennifer lawrence m	1
who can get my mom into lolla tomorrow ? she loves paul mccartney more than she loves me	0
happy sharknado eve . may the plot be thin and the cameos ridiculous .	0
mitchie from the st camp rock legendary	1
rather have that than the colab with kendrick .	0
i m just trying to get to sept fam . janet jackson coming to town	1
never knew ice cube wrote friday . always thought he just acted in it .	0
 breakingdawnpart the saga may end but the love and friendships will last ever loveislouderthanrollingthefinalcredits	1
please join prince george s county animal shelter for the cleartheshelters event this saturday ! !	0
hope you are watching paul dunne from dublin make his mark on the brittish open ! big day tomorrow !	1
gucci rain coat w the hood to hide my identity on this fine monday morning	1
xbox one skype with squad tomorrow are yall down	0
my hour shift will consist of me thinking about ed sheeran tomorrow	1
broke a bill at work and got to see ted with some cool people pretty good tuesday	1
dana white says he will vote for donald trump despite controversial political comments about muslims he may . . .	0
game night at the oneil household tomorrow bethere	0
think ima go to nicki concert the dar constitution hall on the st . . chainz gonna be dere	0
attention directioners ! beliebers are posting this picture ! tomorrow we u ll replay the video all day ! jealousy ! hate !	2
great saturday night . singing sam smith songs with my daughter and eating dinner .	1
brook lopez with a double double in the rd netsnation	0
the fact ben and i might see paper towns together may make us gay .	0
if the song with jack and jack ft . alli simpson is on calibraska i may have to brace myself and not download the ep	0
lux was super dry even with lebron saturday i went to cafe asia super lame ! ! ! i m getting too old for this shit	2
an afterglow may appear above the highest clouds in the hour of deepening twilight 	0
did jessie almost faint at metlife too the world may never know	0
going to go see ant man on monday morning . i have the best life .	1
ten things you may have missed wednesday from the world of business dunkin donuts on wednesday opened its fi . . .	0
that s a wrap ! santa amp our ellerslie reindeer hope you had a great day ! see you wed for twilight	1
happy labor day ! or as scott walker would put it get back to work assholes or i ll bring in cheaper workers who ll work every monday . 	1
 may begins my run of teaching happiest baby on the block at arnold rec center . pregnant moms dads u c . . .	0
look move over blood moon here s the pumpkin sun	1
now today is national hot dog day and you can also celebrate that here ! can we declare tomorrow movie theatre day ?	1
i ve got two tickets to iron maiden baby come with me friday don t say maybe cause i m just a teenage dirtbag baby like you .	0
when u tell ur boss u can t work on saturday bc ur taking the acts and he says change the date oh yes ok bc dunkin is my main priority ! !	0
doesn t this make you love them even more rt surprise green day show thursday august th 	1
 fact philippine ranked st place in the top countries with loudest scream of kpop fan .	0
finding it hard to believe this season is bale s rd season as real madrid player .	0
kim kardashian s holiday gift to you ? boobs butt and ugly crying emojis kim karashian may be the weirdest se . . .	0
real madrid have ripped the piss out man utd . they now get the keeper half price in january	0
chalupny press amp johnston throwing out st pitch at white sox game tonight	0
zlatan is the th highest paid athlete in the world	1
when i see niall s bitch ass tomorrow i am going to cry	2
be at mr . mussers class at tomorrow and i u ll give it to you	0
hey my name is shaky knee . i ordered the seth rollins u can t c knee shirt and i need it before sunday . let s make this work .	0
congratulations to jessica lee morgan who placed rd runner up tonight at miss teen usa . jessica also won miss . . .	1
 yolo really u gonna tell me that i am living my life it may not be how it use to be but i love my life way more being a mother rns	1
turkey s foreign policy has left it so isolated it is reaching out to israel who erdogan bashed for years	2
shreya ghoshal live in qatar on october th al ahli stadium at . pm . don t miss it ! ! ! for more join us . . .	1
i u m listening to taylor allderdice all day tomorrow .	0
final vw data due july seen neck and neck with toyota	0
i grew up listening to frank gifford on monday night football . thanks for all the memories . rest in peace !	1
trying to book flights from vancouver to disneyland in november . can anyone help with that ? best rates ? best airline ? adults kids	0
niall s pants are always so tight he may just be that size 	2
nice you have good taste in music . . j dilla u c th wonder u c hieroglyphics s .o .m u c blu u c big l u c mobb deep 	1
somebody should bring me a ice chips ahoy from dunkin donuts tomorrow i ll pay you back	1
dc tomorrow ! stoked to see friends at american u c georgetown and elsewhere . text me if you are free . fb	1
going to florida with the fam i ma be back tuesday tho . don t trash the room up too much ! lol .	1
good morning ! do you know who else will be on this season of dwts ?	0
their faces in the nd one are super cute . and i love that liam is all collared shirt and niall busts out the shorts . . .	1
based on the st ep mr robot seems a good series to go on to .it looks to respect the audience in the same way as hannibal a least	1
black holacost christians how many of ! gave praise to jesus sunday do research . he was a muslim prophet	0
mr gary barlow you look hot on x factor tonight 	1
next time google redesigns its logo it should so hire our readers to do it . so much better !	0
david price s nd pitcher of the week josh donaldson s nd hitter of the week corey kluber s rd pitcher of the day .	1
dear all this is to inform you that tomorrow mukherjee nagar madal bjp is going to start swachh bharat mission . . .	0
i m going to be so mad if frank ocean releases his new album the minute before he goes on stage on saturday	0
u have only issue with hindu festival why u don t speak about eid celebration xmas amp every friday when lac gather n	2
if he is becoming a legitimate offensive threat which it appears he is i know its only preseason he may be the x factor to a bulls title	1
just realized saturday made years since the first time i ever saw justin	1
man i u m thinking as hard as a inch dick on a saturday morning that has to pee as bad a race horse at the kentucky derby	2
moto g rd gen is here . my first android phone . lets see what the fuss is ! p	1
yep and that might b my move in dallas tonight rt true ! tht would b fun . .	1
been listening to zac brown band on repeat for the last week . can t wait till tomorrow ! zbbatfenway	1
cycling mission with passion team ride light rahul kumawat etal at sangam university bhilwara oct 	0
glasnow is nearly identical to david price who got the call up and was outstanding as a reliever in sept oct .	1
so many choices of gigs this saturday night . the ibb at the rugby club which one u c there are two up twmpath ? and . . .	0
come support the show movement at parkdale high school on oct th from w aja u c dreamteam u c hqb u c dsb hib	0
is no brad k but he s playing hurt today too . at am et espn 	2
parkrun app for ios downloaded where have you been before ?great app easier access of info amp ready for saturday s run	1
so gutted i can t see fort minor in london on the th as i m already seeing foo fighters 	2
thursday september th is star wars reads day ! check out our display of star wars titles on the main floor !	0
wakey wakey ! it s saturday shopping day ! make sure to awaken your gorgeous eyes with younique s d fiber lash . . .	1
alright u c if my daughter keeps singing avril just to annoy me u c i may be forced to retaliate .	2
to pimp a butterfly by kendrick lamar is the best album of the year . hamilton the musical is easily the nd best album	1
well isis is changing the climate everywhere they go so kerry may be right for the st time .	0
oh wow ! did you just trade elvis ? i u m just saying may not like you ! 	2
 dana white appeared on sunday at the th place in the top of miami s trends trndnl	0
refer a friend to serve and you could win an apple watch ! see how and enter by friday at	0
eyaaocampo yasssssss going to the vamps and sos i can not wait videomtv seconds of summer	1
 st fight on the main card is about to begin . . randall bailey and devon alexander boxing brooklynboxing	0
yeah i u m like u c minutes from west liberty . text me the name of the stadium tomorrow . i u ll put it in my gps .	0
only sofia andres will go here on sunday at sm bacolod . . pm . . are you going ? t	1
france friday was last day to exchange the obsolete franc for euro u c banque de france said breaking news buzz	0
curious about airtime the new video chat service from napster s sean parker ? check out tomorrow s topical storm for more info !	0
first thing mon needs to do tomorrow is get on the phone to spurs and insist that danny rose is not returning to white hart lane safc ftm	0
and finally . . dad says he will play with a point to prove if he starts against nigeria in u worldcup last on wednesday	0
conor mcgregor was searched more than m times on google saturday . the most searched term for day . that s in line with rousey at ufc .	0
tcnj saw off st . lawrence yesterday in their st round match with two goals from scognamiglio and a goal each from curtis and cummings	1
big fan of the holidays that just involve partying st . patrick u s u c th of july u c halloween u c presidents day u c etc .	1
 st music video with out zayn 	2
amy schumer performed live at northeastern on friday . she spoke about getting an anti gun policy .	0
i m surprised that was only harper s rd walk of the year after falling behind . kris bryant leads baseball with .	1
my halloween costume is wednesday adams so basically i just bought a regular outfit	0
yessir . leaving the nd . a try get a ticket for the arsenal match on the th	0
i ll end the streak of bad movies tomorrow when i go to ant man again	1
don t want to play one that s too long what with street fighter iii rd strike on wednesday and deus ex human revolution on friday .	2
rt the brilliant drew westen offers a great critique of the obama presidency 	1
poor burt he sounded in good spirits with chris evans on friday but seems a broken man on jonathan ross !	2
tomorrow i have zumba but i u m not really feeling it	2
and i now have things in common . love the red sox and think bachmann is a joke . . too bad he loves bama . there could ve been a rd	1
when do you plan on coming down to the long beach or the o .c . area ? los alamitos has a food truck fair on thursday nights .	0
rediff live ! hundreds of afghans on thursday protested for the first time against cartoons of the prophet mohamm . . .	2
cruising through town windows down blaring jason aldean with a chey that s a perfect sunday afternoon	1
mao u s cult may have no place in china u s future as tension increased on the border with india in the early u . . .	2
apple watch with expected price of rs . coming to india in this october	0
seth rollins won t be happy till he loses the wwe championship to on sunday theroadtosummerslam raw	0
 rickperry mired in tie for th with dynamic bobby jindal in new quinnipiac poll . his trump gambit did zero for rick	0
it s labor day and scott walker has dipped all the way to th in the gop race . hey alright .	0
great day interviewing the national health insurance bureau in taipei off to hualien for the field study tomorrow	1
i still say it s monday after zlatan finishes game on sunday . . . they re just prepping . they ll tease enough to gather the media .	0
i really hate to think it but the same type thing that s happening to miami could happen to alabama tomorrow .	2
josh hamilton amp shin soo choo off tonight with lefty scott kazmir on mound for astros .	0
 th time i ve cried today and it s surprisingly not about george harrison	0
channing tatum will be in white oak tomorrow . . .for all you stalkers out there	0
you may be tempted to swim with this new waterproof apple watch case apple	1
he is an advanced college guy but even kris bryant didn t see the bigs til his rd pro season . zimmer is great but no bryant .	0
come join mark on his charity live stream to help fight depression and bipolar you may even an ipod eggplant	1
think they put him number these sky sports pundits are pro barca spent ages talking about messi s win on thurs .	0
rivera says rb jonathan stewart looked good in practice and is confident he ll play sunday vs . green bay .	1
rodgers makes no memorable plays . by the host . same qb who won the division on a th down heave in the last seconds .	2
author jonathan kozol comes to alvernia tomorrow at pm in the pec for a lecture that is free and open to the public . don t miss it !	1
for the ones tomorrow sunday in milan italy aperitif and evening at fiat open lounge 	0
in the sports world report steelers can u t find hotel u c to travel sun . the pittsburgh steelers will fly to new y . . .	2
nirvana any time someone says the season winter out loud the may i offer you an egg in this trying time quote dead girl wal	0
that u s complete crap . began and sadat were all about peace . bibi wants to use our military for free . c u mon	2
anyone looking to go to a show ! ? we have several of them booked ! october th at the hoosier dome october th . . .	0
so theres a jordan u s release tomorrow at florida mall u c am i going to be a sneaker head and go get them ? ?	0
sick a u f and going to school tomorrow yolo	2
haven t had breakfast yet but we have already spotted chuck norris at the th ave church restoringunity neveragainisnow	1
watch interview with from backstage at the foo fighters show on wednesday night gt 	0
hoping to see ant man tomorrow night at the everyman in reigate . . . apparently it s been refurbished and is pretty good 	1
leeds sheff wed . giuseppe bellusci securing lufc a point after chris maguire had opened the scoring	1
leeds united take to the field against valletta of malta in uefa cup st rnd st leg ! ! !	0
don t miss celebrity big brother starting thursday at pm exclusively on tv ! cbb who do you want in the cbb house ? !	1
naruto is great it s just a shame about filler . if i have to see naruto sat on a swing or obito get crushed one more time	1
was the referee not a option i take it . see howard webb is starting for man utd on saturday .	0
 lmao antonio carluccio and gennaro contaldo wanting some chocolate mousse cake on saturday kitchen haha . they really want some .	1
beenie man will be performing at echostage dc star next friday for the hu yardfest afterparty event contact for tickets	0
 pgachampionship dustin johnson leader with hole in rd on august at whistling straits play in progress	0
mom why are you listening to plies early sunday morning ? me blank stare pause my strip club name is mr . will throw it walks away 	0
rt i m going to the arsenal ladies v everton tonight i m nervous already . fawsl	2
listening to the black friday remix by kendrick lamar it makes me think that he s the greatest rapper right now . only straight rap .	1
on december kartell an italian furniture company headquartered in milan brought the great master of design . . .	0
will be streaming mgs phantom pain . sengoku basara video along with naruto videos will be uploaded tomorrow	0
if you want to see a completely different version of big brother follow to keep up with celebrity bb uk . starts thursday !	0
at target . . . prince rd eye girl and lenny kravitz . . . i aways check out the cd section realmusic	0
i can u t believe the important people in my life are going to hawaii friday without me	2
even the security forces do not want this war on kurds . erdogan is a brutal dictator in the making .	2
 nw red tails for the st time ! ! !	1
i like it here . a couple beers deep i m rockin like the rest . it s good stuff . female iron maiden cover band here next friday .	1
national news oklahoma wesleyan university is now the nd christian college to leave cccu over hiring of gay . . .	0
chris jericho u s th wwe theme for mins break the walls down v via	0
i may possibly be in love with cate blanchett now .	1
ivanovic reaches kremlin quarters ana ivanovic advanced to the quarter finals of the kremlin cup on thursday by . . .	0
i did just remember that tomorrow does d comes to sweden for xfactor sweden ! ! i wish i could go . . .	1
you just got to love prince george happy nd birthday ! ! princegeorge	1
jumu ah is an eid in itself and the friday prayer is more virtuous than both eid prayes combined . abandoning it is a sin . jumuahreminder 	1
exactly ! seeing undertaker and brock lesnar go at it would ve been my th grade dream come true hahaha	1
i ve woken up to a text every day since friday with somebody different telling me i look like ice cube	0
top kurt cobain solo album given november release date with the dvd release of the film	1
btw i may be a seth rollins mark but the reason i m not dragging him into this is cause you d be shocked by why you don t know about people	0
ask me about the food expo abj food festival at the eagle square abuja th th dec . rock bottom prices on food for the festive season !	1
see how karachiates celebrating eid no water in liaqatabad no rd day of eid mohajirswantjustice	1
if it s u i m breaking all my apple devices	2
my saturday just got better u c brighter and bolder .	1
friday is significant and more beneficial than any other day of the week for muslims .this day muslims gather together to pray in congregatin	1
oh i saw it for a nd screening sunday s ago . my friends got pissed i wouldn t let them see ted 	1
hair it s downtown on th st .gucci amp dani does nice hair	1
eminem snoop dogg biggie tyler the creator dr dre . if i could have a th i would add ice cube	1
 days away barack obama mitt romney meet in their first tv debate at the university of denver oct 	0
i think i may have avocado u c with lemon on toast soon .	0
an it s the match next of randy orton next on monday night raw	0
u . dublin . november . who s going ? me	0
 catch me on sarah g live this sunday ! ! hehe ingat guys ! goodnight ! love you ! ! 	1
if you enjoyed the episode on the nd amendment check out this atlantic article on bobby jindal and guns 	1
tomorrow all the headlines are going to be about how nicki had such an aggressive outburst 	0
 pats dirt down on top of grave there . may the kpop fans rest in peace . directionersfuneral	0
i can t wait for thursday night ! ya ll wanna know why ? cause going to be on thenext on the cw network . stay tuned ! kcru	1
meal plans begin on saturday august th ! hit up wag subway dunkin or one of the pods to refuel during move in !	0
stocks keep falling but . . . by pater tenebrarum spx slices through dma on monday the stock market tried . . .	2
doug wead we are not out u c we are up ! the fight has just begun ! vote ron paul tomorrow tuesday in or ne peace	1
you love my julie andrews references . do not lie . plus it s only like the nd time i ve mentioned it .	1
no . un jorit mar dala zayun watchman on the walls of zion doh is c . un . . .	0
four lions is a brilliant film but i think it may be a bit insensitive of channel to show it so close to . . .	2
boko haram kills in borno in the dead of the night on sunday a band of suspected members of the sect kill . . .	2
what an effort from murray in that nd set . got to take the momentum from the last few games into the rd . usopen	1
star wars was good outside of seeing so much of rayjay s dick . i may have been watching kim kardashian s sex tape now that i think about it .	1
how did people come up with that briana has been pregnant for months . . ? didn t she get preggies like in may or something ? learn to count .	2
nah but vol . might be my rd favorite jay z album but it has some shit tracks	0
here in bilbao were so fucking excited ! ! ! you ll be welcome tomorrow dude ! ! !	1
celebrity big brother being tomorrow night at pm on channel ! ! follow thi account for all the latest news and images ! cbb	1
thanks for coming pass the saga tonight ! can t wait for love lee to drop oct ! ! ! ! ! sagalove ! ! ! !	1
there s gonna be that one kid on monday that walks in with the apple watch .	0
tgif celebrations tomorrow at farragut sq th amp k nw tysons greensboro dr . best way to start the weekend is with lobster lunch !	1
just to spite real madrid could we release ddg from his contract in january early only on condition he joins atletico madrid only ?	0
aftr few days of perspiration doubt nation s conscience is rejoicing fr th time in years in yakub s hanging lik it did in afzal guru s ?	0
oh your name may say live but the god awful the vamps we re far from live . cut any bands who mime please !	2
you going to the vamps concert on the th ?	0
finally i get my ps back i sent it to sony cause my hdmi was mess up now i can play mg s tuesday yeaaaaa buddy	1
sam last night shawn tomorrow morning we should wake up at like and make breakfast . . . it s and he hasn t gotten out of bed yet	0
i ll give him gucci sosa movie .maybe writing on the wall . amp yes .i fw gucci .but jeezy st tapes burned da streets	0
paul dunne is suddenly british ! if he loses tomorrow he ll probably be irish again no doubt . theopen 	0
kris bryant is going to be st player to win collegiate poy milb poy and an mlb roy in consecutive seasons . few have even done of .	1
i miss teen wolf so much monday s aren t the same anymore without it codyschat	0
trump s hair detaches becomes a tumble weave . yeah it must be wednesday at ass oclock .	2
lost the game lost my ipod and lost my brand new half sleeve . this was a terrible ass saturday .	2
hi would you know about the george benson show tomorrow at eko hotel ? how can one get tickets ?	0
happy wednesday ! !glad to see iebc blow the first whistle with voting zone list !mps protest !	1
 ceosleepout i u ve made my cardboard shelter in the member u s section of adelaide oval . st time i u ve ever been here !	0
ronda rousey zinged boxing star floyd mayweather at the espy awards wednesday .	0
how many radio shows give you petula clark u ultravox and abba in the same two hours and they re all linked ? wednesday from . pm !	0
double seventh festival of falls on august . this festival in china is what valentine s day to the western . . .	0
dustin johnson back on top in st round of a major can he hold on this time	1
i have the pool a pbr and the grateful dead . couldn t ask for a better first friday off . been two years . .	1
may their be peace in israel jews and muslims . may christians open their hearts and minds to the truth . there is only one god .	1
tonight was an experience ! bulls win and butler hit the game winning shot ! sat in section row 	1
well at least its not curtis and he may have made some mistakes bc he s human but with a fanbase as big as his he shouldnt	0
probably gonna bring my laptop to school tomorrow just to watch harry potter . . lol	0
reminder we will not be at the eastern market event for tomorrow night . . . weather not cooperating ! see u thursday in farmington hills !	2
tricking my mom into watching sharknado and sharknado the second one before the party tomorrow night sharknado 	1
braun homers but reds stop brewers win streak ryan braun hit his th home run of the season but the cincin . . .	0
what do you mean justin bieber lmao	0
why was amazon prime day on the th ? that s not a prime number . should have been the th math	0
singing frank ocean at the top of my lungs while walking down rd st . good morning .	1
but this is not the st time that juventus is maximizing the potentials of ex milan players . .cannavaro and edgar davids are similar cases	2
a rumor may be circulation that tory front bench will be wearing emotional body armor when you and jeremy are elected .	2
i d buy the next ipad if they had fassbender give the keynote tomorrow .	1
briana roberts placed th in the state to qualify for meet of champions ! congratulations briana ! codered phsproud	1
rum chata hot chocolate u c thin mints u c and netflix . this is how you do saturday night .	1
on modern family u c when sofia yelled u u c u mon estella u u and ran into the pool u c omg i laughed like never before .	1
ed sheeran floor seats . tickets available . sept rd . let me know if you re interested .	0
and on the th day god blessed us with justin bieber	1
headed back to huntsville this weekend just for this alumni stuff goin down friday	0
i want the gucci trainers by tomorrow .	0
can t wait to see foo fighters next sunday amp with royal bloods supporting will be insane	1
i think i may have to make kris bryant my best man now .	1
how cam called obj over to him was just as disrespectful when kendrick called out cole st and last name on control and not everybody else	2
saw paper towns again . still perfect the nd time .	1
cool u c what you like about red hot shot tonight ? i like dundeel tomorrow for the derby	1
 of tory amp ukip voters still want to renationalise the railways as do the st amp nd place cands for lab leader .	0
btw fuck durant for going to the oklahoma game saturday ! ! you went to texas ! ! ! longhornforlife	2
nice nd spot in amazon prime s tv campaign shows next day delivery coming to rescue of a lame dog	1
i always look forward to tuesday nights just because styled to rock is on	1
top green day videos on this afternoon ! twenty green day vids ! excited !	1
wales rugby world cup squad will be named at pm tonight melbourne time . we ll soon find out whether the . . .	0
between jurassic park toy story and space jam wayne knight may be the greatest screen villain of all time	1
just in batman has decided to check his privilege and hand over the cowl to a non rich orphan . many lives may be lost but fair is fair .	0
that decision to not update to windows keeps looking better all the time . . .	0
is the nd secret side deal for iranian palaces for o amp kerry ?	0
trump cruz to rally against iran deal on wednesday afternoon the circus is coming to the capitol .donald tru . . .	2
osho ! ! ! sunday oliseh home based players in super eagles coach s plan according to the sun news . . . adeslaz	0
ted was a great way to end my th . was cool to see toxie in the film	1
that august alsina album is dope . most artists sophomore album isn t as good as the first cough kendrick cough but this joint fire	1
anyone else smile fondly when ed sheeran sings about being kissed under a lamppost on th street ? no ? just me ?	1
soundset was a war between human beings and the sun but i think we won tho	1
nba star arenas may also shift to cba just like tracy mcgrady spm 	0
you are the best ! always . . .happy birthday to mingus tomorrow . . . .love you norman reedus	1
i may not be for trump becoming president but i am happy that he is for stopping the iran deal .	1
saturday night bout to be live . . . . . dollar drinks wizards opener with the homie	0
omg . i don t know why i m just hearing black friday but j .cole murked kendrick big time .	1
august th catch me live at pomona fairplex for with and more !	0
out tomorrow the players ! with jean dujardin and gilles lelouche taking on the theme of infidelity	0
had a good day at brid now off to bed . cant wait to see inbetweeners on wednesday ! lt 	1
c mon get today out the way amp its yours the maillot jaune will stay on back amp history will b made believeinbritain	1
good peak at presidential candidates . carly fiorina has it right st day is for reaching out introductions etc .	1
finish watching ghost rider spirit of vengeance . movie was alright . i still prefer the st one better .	0
geno is a bottom rd qb in the nfl they will not win with him . they have a good defense a good back and decent weapons .	1
shawn take a picture with me tomorrow	0
brian cushing out for thursday . mike mohamed and justin tuggle on dwayne allen and coby fleener is going to be a problem . texans	2
your soul may belong to the devil but your ass belongs to my client brock lesnar undertaker my fav but that line was classic	1
rahul dravid you may not be in the national team but you are always in our national anthem . like tag . . .	1
lol it just seems like nicki like to really take things to the rd nipple . miley mariah kim taylor list goes on	0
like the look of golden sunbird in the last at ascot with fallon on board ! rd to quevega is solid form	1
some well known names may have been on the plane according to the toronto star pavol demitra josef vacicek	0
byu vs gt will re air saturday at am mt . we did not get vod rights so it won t be archived on	2
it was windy on saturday ? andre s fault . joseph kony hasn t been caught ? andre s fault . dell make shit pc s ? andre s fault . avb avbout	2
morning twitter ! is your main seo aim to be st on google s search results ? you re probably missing the point of seo !	1
who wants to go with me tomorrow night to go see at the roxy theater ? tickets are cheep . thanks and please please please !	1
hi how the editing of your new video coming along ? up tomorrow ? waiting to watch it . ant man opens here tomorrow	1
frank ocean not dropping his new album in july is the reason why i have trust issues	2
although you may know this better than i do since you re from california lol i m not knocking jay z view in black culture i say	1
force friday hear new star wars villain kylo ren s voice for the first time . . . digital spy uk	1
when kanye west told george bush that black lives matter . . .as much as i may not like him . it was the truth !	0
tried to pick up sanu but i m th on the list so i didn t get him . but i dropped asiata for mckinnon .	0
in case you re curious andy lee outscored all the nonqbs in my fantasy matchup . nd place moorman . rd larry fitzgerald .	1
for the st time women are elected into political office in saudi arabia . what does this mean ? womeninpolitics	0
yesterday was national hot dog day . . . or as michelle obama called it thursday .	0
i u ll be in poland but back sunday eve u c catch you then !	0
if potus barack hussein obama during tomorrow nights debate would call willard mitt romney a liar the st time mitt lies election is his .	2
totally intended to boycott miss usa show but how in the world did maryland come in th ? ! three of those other girls gave terrible answers .	2
still can t believe ryan braun and jew unit were able to beat the st test on technicality that his piss was mishandled !	2
selena s greatest hits album is set to come out november th amp it s called for you it will include new . . .	0
shopping after the bell game saturday .	0
tom segal was in flying form at chester yesterday . buy the racing post to see what his friday pricewise picks are .	0
they just shrug it all off and quote shit statistics to satisfy themselves . so angry right now . .gonna get some tory shit tomorrow !	2
well curtis . . . you also need a night out in thompsons . . . . need a sunday night session again soon bro ! ! ! ! !	1
fty pm narendra modi to address top military commanders on friday prime minister narendra modi will interact with po	0
paul and homos harry and louis are just fri eleanor is such an inspira harry is such a manwho louis is . . .	0
you never forget your first love not surprisec in oedipus s case he saw her every mothering sunday .	2
lir launch event tomorrow . come out to show support amp catch curtis as he speaks on his goals for life is respond .	1
queen . their music just sounds so complete . as if its been around forever . freddy is the man and brian may u s style is so unique .	1
part of me wants to audition for big brother next season just to pretend i m mentally stable enough to last . and then get kicked out st 	0
just keep watching brock lesnar and undertaker going at it on monday . absolutely brilliant ! that s what went missing in the new era brawl	1
yakub came back fearing for his life since he knew that pak amp isi may terminate him the moment they feel he is of no use	2
talking about muslims tomorrow morning ? are you sure it s the right show ? ?	0
the papers the sun in this case usually inform the bbc press office in advance .	0
hammond clarkson and may have signed with amazon prime via amazonprime hammond clarkson may	1
i just can t wait to see paul mccartney in october folks sorry for being a dork	1
 aug nas rescue returned from tresco ios lifted a casualty with minor injuries to rch treliske	0
dustin johnson shot the nd worst round of anybody in the field on a day where literally almost every player was under par just awful	2
a full season of harvey degrom thor matz and wheeler coming back in june ? ? sign me up . lets get heyward some bullpen call it a day	1
happy birthday bernie sanders you may be the best presidential candidate but i see right through u	2
norman reedus has likened tonight s twdseason premiere to the fourth of july i can t wait ! make sure to join us twdarmy	1
take the highway to dundas and check out ftatr ac dc cover band on sat at pm on the main stage ! dundascactus 	1
yeah really we ll thank you ! may see you soon hopefully coming back to dmu for a post grad in jan . blessings take care !	1
had a dream about meeting angela merkel and discussing the greece crisis and how she may not win the next election if debt had to be w off	0
justin bieber s manager scooter braun reveals he thought he may die via	2
october th can t come any faster . . . i will be eating a mcmuffin at noon while reading the new fully illustrated harry potter book . nerd	1
i could have been asleep by eleven . except i found m ipod . . . . i u m going to be so tired tomorrow .	2
 kca votejkt id bluejays .bluejays and red sox remain tied through innings . on to the th .	0
arsenal midfielder content with draw	0
i think the boys may have thinking about zayn at the otraphiladelphia when they sang fresh prince bel air	0
so in the st book of the e l james trilogy u c anastasia is played by christian is christian bale obviously . it is what it is .	0
good deal . i ll be in newport sunday w friends as well as the th in dayton ! ! herestoanother	1
we re off to bed tomorrow hopefully gay academics will take over the world ! night ! snoozetime	1
messi was just years amp days old when he secured a podium finish rd place at the ballon d or ceremony	1
talking of bond skyfall u c variety u c the children u s charity is holding the premiere on nov th at sylvia park . tickets 	0
i may even vote gingrich as a write in candidate to send a message about the need for more moon bases and debate hilarity .	0
will u exchange samsung s duo s with moto g rd gen .	0
i u m just suggesting it for the sake of completeness u c a la polaris u s may st deadline academy awards u dec . .	0
yeah this sunday it s in st patrick s hall then prob go out after getinvolved b good to get everyone together	1
some may believe in thor or nothing at all but i believe in the risen savior jesus christ .	1
thats what i did with mine . i scoured amazon for months and found a deal just like that and snatched it up so fast .	1
perseverance is failing times and succeeding the th . julie andrews	1
absolutely bro ! ! comin back to ohio june th slumber party in the living room at tnation ? !	1
kris bryant exited the game due to dizziness after sliding head first into nd .	0
yakub funded bomb blast so he is a criminal but wht bhai said is hang tiger st who was d master mind of d blast ! salmanstandsclear	2
wow you really know a lot about that movie thor claire !	1
the fact that hunter hayes and carrie underwood are gonna be here saturday and i u m not going ? ? ? what notokay	2
straight outta compton comes out friday but ice cube plays the critic this time around for athlete rappers . . . .	0
i m just sat here crying over the last episode of hannibal bye	0
 otd bob dylan played like a rolling stone with electric guitar rock band live for st time prompting boos .	0
well we know it s not taylor swift . sorryswifties	2
kendrick lamar has surprised us with an extraordinary freestyle on black friday . he got this inspiration from the legendary j .cole	1
former bristol white sox pitcher james casey with catches for yards on saturday for broncos in preseason game .	0
george osborne got away with his big lie . brace yourselves for the real cuts	2
are you going to the red carpet on thursday ?	0
what deeplearning and machinelearning mean for the future of seo amp google s search moz	0
if donald trump expects to keep his lead he may want to head on down to kentucky and stand behind kim davis . i . . .	0
recording a new fanboy versus tomorrow with and talking fantastic four ant man and more !	1
tom brady spoke for the st time since his suspension was lifted amp said he s ready to move on	0
just wait till we u re getting classy with wine on saturday ! !	1
mate ben klok on the friday at t was far too gucci for my own good was blood terrifying	2
someone pls take me to see sam smith i may cry my eyes out the whole time but pls take me	1
who s ready for . . build tomorrow might be the last build till it come to ios !	1
charlotte ! and i open the day fanfest this thursday ! days of classic wrestling nirvana ! bethere	0
 janzournews hold the applause for saudi arabia toronto sun toronto sunhold the applause for saudi a . . . world	0
amanda nunes won t call out rousey but she may be the biggest threat to rousey s title mmacrypt mma	0
damn i forgot to go off on bernie sanders supporters today . i guess i ll just hold off until tomorrow	2
free by zac brown band is like the nd national anthem .	1
the fall career fair is this wednesday in the murphy center from am pm . free to all mtsu students and . . .	0
capello bemoans language barrier in russia russia coach fabio capello spoke monday of his frustration at the la . . .	2
watched act of valor for the rd time and almost cried again ! ! i love dat movie ! !	1
may d almighty allah in his infinite mercy use dis set of service chiefs as the tool end d boko haram menace on our land .	0
tusk fleetwood mac . another great sunday morning album bit of a commitment but worth it .	1
if i just got a justin bieber cd tomorrow id be happy .	1
hannibal has been the most amazing show on nbc . i really hope they get a th season . bryan fuller is amazing hannibal hannibalfinale	1
dustin pedroia returns to the red sox lineup . . .out since july nd . . . win every game the rest of the way we re in . . . .a game win streak ?	1
 greece tsipras says he and hollande have agreed that negotiations can amp must be closed by aug th 	0
thank you to ibm in ottawa for their donation on tuesday . the tacos went great with the chili we had on the menu at the oaks . donate	1
why yemen is important ? cus yemen is th world country at war with one the most richest and powerfull countries on earth saudi arabia	0
good morning and happy tuesday with tom brady s the balls song 	1
john cena vs seth rollins raw july th cena won by making the fake champ t by via	0
so if anyone wants to bring me donuts or anything on monday id be gucci with it .	0
kris bryant hits a two out two run double in the th to get the cubs within .	0
the lazarus effect will be tweeted tomorrow . it s sharknado s night tonight	0
you can t shit talk kpop . every group is so in sync and vocally on point . it may not be your thing but it s talent .	0
yesterday was recovery swim after a half marathon . tonight s yoga . tomorrow going to a new run club ! runchat	1
i u m having king cake for my birthday tomorrow . i can u t wait . it u s the best part of getting older	1
you know the day after kurt cobain killed himself i saw sheffield wednesday beat qpr .	1
hi guys . will you have the new iron maiden vinyl in tomorrow ?	0
caitlyn jenner and kris jenner came face to face in public for the first time friday night and it was all to . . .	0
i liked a video thsk th live tour we are break up the she	1
so exo m is going to nanjing tomorrow okay can	1
tomorrow will be one of the best nights ever bcs it s double eviction night on big brother and my emotions fly everywhere each time	1
i m going to at fabrique in milan italy feb 	1
just found out that both glen beck amp chuck norris were here for the march . . . .clear sign that this march shouldn t be taken serious	2
cowboys vs chargers on the practice field today and tomorrow . play sunday night pm central at cowboys stadium .	0
we salute you lloyd robertson . good evening . ltotheltotheoyd fb	1
i liked a video nicki minaj blazin ft . kanye west with lyrics pink friday	1
live music news for brecon roachford playing sun sept with the christians soul rnb	0
stacie just hit me up and said my packages might be up here tomorrow if that u s the case i u m not going to the rave in san fran . priorities	2
this may be the happiest day of my life i u m so proud of my ncs football brother you did something i never had a chance to do	1
i think it may take a women like caitlyn jenner to beat a man like serena williams . usopen venusvsserena	0
 april history is made as the metrostars and the los angeles galaxy meet at the rose bowl in pasadena california 	0
i can u t sleep . way too exited about vancouver tomorrow ! i u m like a kid at christmas .	1
naruto ended made me love it again ha ha dbz is great i may do op when it finishes	1
brothers film premiere tonight u c sunderland away saturday and jon richardson sunday should be a good few days !	1
going to watch fashion king after litre of tears and the sun that embraced the moon i think	0
totally called it ! bitch i m madonna is the nd song .	1
new batman with pops and the cats . good way to end this day ! thursday !	1
maybe . i u ll text you tomorrow lauren lol i get queasy giving blood . we u ll see . . . .	0
 . is joining us for national hot dog day on the rd . hawt dawg !	1
finished for the week now and getting ready for congress starting tomorrow ! and happy nurses day to all my fab colleagues 	1
samsung is prepping for thursday when we ll see the galaxy note and galaxy s edge officially announced . in . . .	1
i may be working on harry potter and the deathly hallows for my m .a . paper . in short thank you for sparking my interest in books	1
dublin defeat mayo to dublin will play kerry in the all ireland final on september th . upthedubs	1
i d rather get punched in the face by john cena than go to school tomorrow smh	2
sacha baron cohen to star as freddie mercury . he u s the only one for the role u c imho . via	1
pepper amp are nuckin futs but i wouldn t want to spend my sat nights with anyone else ! lol illbringabottlenexttime !	1
spending quality time with katherine louise and mileys smiley ! katie leaves indiana tomorrow . sadtweet gonnamissher sad gonnacry	0
i don t think nicki s pregnant . stomach was flat again in the side view . think she was just sticking her butt out in the st pic .	0
stone brewing just got added to our list of brewers attending the nd ann riverside blues amp bbq !	1
leaving bangkok tomorrow morning . next stop the middle of the empty quarter desert near saudi arabia .	0
full of veteran kickers due into redskins park tomorrow . no word on whether it will run over cundiff . watch it go wide rt .	0
getting them today giving to shawn later to give to you tomorrow	0
tomorrow is august th . frank ocean let me down if you want to . .	0
come to tonight and go hard with me for tuesday doomsday with gucci and	0
blue jays give david price runs for his birthday toronto scored plus runs for the th time this season . . .	0
get the skinny on metropcs launches the galaxy s iii on october u c price is good news for metropcs custom . . .	1
so basically tomorrow nicki gonna beat miley s ass bieber gonna get a hair cut and kanye s campaign posters are going up everywhere vmas	0
watchman was the st draft of mockingbird which was then changed beyond recognition .	0
espn indians fire manager acta with six games left the cleveland indians fired manager manny acta on thursday u c . . .	0
leftist communists want it rewritten to show yakub as an innocent saviour unlike what was originally written !	2
janet jackson on the th then ed sheeran on the th . when there is good music hc is all smiles .	1
if any us citizen defends their st th amp any constitutional rights prepare for premeditated retaliation from big brother amp he s watching	0
f main are you in the office tomorrow if i send over some curtis proofs c o you for you and a few colleagues ?	0
wednesday at the corner studio am all levels yoga with amie pm core flow yoga with heather . . .	0
ryan braun led off th with b and scored on sf but that s all nl gets as al wins asg .	0
and tomorrow nicki is going to be seen as a raging angry black women for calling miley out of something that she is guilty for	2
if you think you can sing better than mariah carey now come on down to g to audition after school tomorrow !	0
dr . swamy writes to the pm on how rahul gandhi may have got kickbacks . namo restitute kaalaadhan .	2
for all the talk of russell wilson s greatness seattle s passing offense is st in league .	2
i literally just sat and talked to my mom about tronnor amp how much troye amp con amp shawn are role models for me and showed her wild amp how 	1
tgif ! ! ! ! can t wait to sleep all the way till monday . tgif friday weekend	1
don t forget to set your clocks back this saturday before you go to bed ! daylight savings time ends on sunday . . .	0
i want to go to fleetwood mac so bad in october	1
the good news is that december th i m going to atlanta for digi so we all good	1
dustin johnson makes an eagle on to move to . he may not have a major but boy is he wonderful to watch when on song . uspga	1
saturday kitchen the moment chris evans ruins chef jason athertons wife s birthday treat live	2
seeing undertaker laugh at brock lesnar may have been the greatest thing i have ever seen ! brockvstaker wwe summerslam	1
sunday dining is always amazing at volare restaurant chicago with friends and family . we recommend starting your . . .	1
all my passengers i aplogize for the tardiness of the nd half of the dual single magic but it u s dropping soon . . .staytunned ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !	0
plot twist real madrid didn t accept the papers just so they can get him in january under bossman ruling for free ready for next season	0
i hope kanye west is the lead on the rd season of true detective . because this script is writing itself . mtvvmas	1
know she definitely doesn t wanna see ted tomorrow cuz u stupid	2
rest in peace star wars conceptual artist ralph mcquarrie u c may the force be with you my friend	1
don t trust the new kurt cobain album on november brett morgen director of the recent kurt cobain docum . . .	2
net net and danee gon beat my ass at school tomorrow especially net net she be on dummy	2
prince george at two his top moments prince george is two on wednesday . here are the top mom . . . news ni	0
i may be the only girl on the face of the earth that doesn u t find channing tatum attractive . callmecrazy justsayin donthateme	2
sag for life stacey u c april u c gabriel irieapril mrandmrscheek happy wedding day gabe ! north star ballroom	1
queen can you please help me trend biebsmeetbieberwhirls ? he u s coming to my city tomorrow i wanna try to meet him	1
explosive resistant passports ! ! ! charlie hebdo shootings left id card in the car . plane hijacker s passports found . paris c mon .	2
great result for leverkusen to take the points and putting an end to bayerns winning streak . where under a lot of pressure in the nd half	1
invited to an expert round table in poland on representation of muslims in the media . organizers keep emailing me mr . st prob right there	0
tomorrow the judge will decide his own fate when he pass a verdict on case . nabeel is a free man	0
frank gifford may have been a very nice man ! but he cheated on kathy lee with a woman who videotaped the incident !	0
the accounting career fair is this friday ! be sure to engage with us by using kubusfair you might win an ipad mini !	0
no butt fucking sorry we re watching annabelle tomorrow and you re bound to shit yourself .	2
give orders to the children of israel to give you clean olive oil for the light so that a light may be burning at all t . . .	0
who u s going to concords football game this saturday ?	0
unusually it s a friday sitting in parliament . is bringing an eu referendum bill i m here to support !	1
 per team source the redskins will bring in some kickers for workouts tomorrow u c after billy cundiff u s poor . . .	0
remind the media that we may not have journalist killed but this administration doesn t mind leaving them jailed in iran	0
happy monday everyone . i hope the week is off to a good start across the board . here s a thor sketch by mike . art	1
wednesday s fec filing will name some of koch donors for the first time . via	0
u concerts in ireland at the end of november possibly ? ! yesss ! hope i get tickets ! stuff of dreams to see u live . heroes .	1
has worn the same two shirts during the rd and th rounds of the that he wore during the honda classic	0
may i please see the storage facility ? kurt cobain 	0
jesus shuttlesworth heat vs lakers ralph mcquarrie top femalelies is lamar odom really going to the d league ?	0
rt jumping off the brooklyn bridge with my hang glider on sunday . now taking bets on which state i land in .	0
i ve been left in the car park . may or may not be rocking out to ac dc	0
 aggies punter kaser chopped down hard . murray gets the ball back after penalty . st and at asu s .	0
i literally cannot freaking wait to see paper towns on wednesday i just know it is going to be soooo good . papertowns	1
 it s friday and to celebrate that fact we are offering everyone ! ! just use the promotion code tgif book . . .	1
tgif ! celebrate your labor day in the water with sdss . free use of boards and suits after all lessons on monday !	1
in my st day in office i plan pass a bill a miss usa holiday . mlk has one it s only fair donald trump comedy	0
school tomorrow is gonna be fired up ha ! you got something to say bad about nicki ? prepare your argument you re bout to get shut down	0
rt looking at the set for aladdin great job ! anticipating watching hundreds of kids sing dance act ton . . .	1
carnival tomorrow . i ll make sure to take pictures excited	1
we start the morning with news that floyd mayweather will face andre berto on sept ! odds 	1
happy birthday bro ! better not see you at dunkin tomorrow	1
not sure why kane didn t start he s miles infront of vardy and also needs more international experience and goals for tuesday game ! !	0
d .j . king suffered broken right hand in fight with krys barch oct stlblues vs dallas stars missed months	2
if frank ocean wanna be stingy amp act dead then ima treat him dead . my condolences may he rip	2
would it be acceptable for me to write my free entry friday in ms . hughes u class tomorrow on candy	0
watchman on the wall the day america died june wr 	0
after they tee off i want to see either paul dunne or jordan spieth grab the mike and say now on the st tee ivor robson . theopen	0
nfl judge sides with brady on deflategate new york tom brady learned thursday he will star . . . deflategate	0
watching the mariners amp white sox . . .these white sox uniforms may be the ugliest ever	2
beat manus in dark souls today . it may have taken me hours but we did it . fuck that guy .	2
interested in learning more about lta ? join us monday sept at pm in morris hall room for cont 	0
rabby are rumoured to be going to watch paper towns on saturday care to confirm ? and	0
oh my gosh that s hilarious love it ! did you read the one on steve jobs ? love the tuesday reading 	1
now i know why i was overly upset like someone died on the th . .not just for jessica but also for lee soo man s wife and sunny s aunt 	2
zac brown band on september or ac dc on september at down the line rooftop . chicagodeals	0
may allah bring an end to the suffering of syrians especially suffering of muslims .	0
correa . damn phone still autocorrecting from the rousey fight saturday .	2
email from amazon this morning tells me the new book will arrive on tuesday ! looking forward to the narrative on science	1
the th d . sleeping state or high ascension level . . there s also nirvana the mind fits into the body chemical bliss	0
whoever thought it was smart to schedule a red sox game at home on september st has clearly never been in boston on september st .	0
the twins are practically giving away tickets for the game on september st vs the white sox . for skyline view seats !	1
liverpool u c champions of the carling cup last season u c now kicked out in just the rd round of the competition by swansea at anfield .	0
forget about dook now we own that series anyways ! let u s beat state this saturday as we continue on to a succesful season .	1
poll positions who gets into the republican debate rounding could decide for now john kasich is in and rick perry is out of thurs . . .	0
i still cry over that follows you on justin s profile . my babe followed . amp tomorrow will be two years since ari followed me	0
actually u may be right i am joe beggs grandson who was the founder of the ira and i was born april same b day as hitler hum	0
johncena u have ur rematch the us title match at noc but seth rollins may make sure u don t win that title back anew . he s desperate .	0
trying to follow the appleevent without an apple product . here s a live blog .	0
i can t wait . . . for tom brady to win more titles in the next years . the nfl is a joke with godell .	1
kobe in the th is like eli manning . beware	2
donald may not be to fuzzy on idea but carly fiorina might make a good vp . she would help for obvious reasons !	1
hi . r u going to dunkin tomorrow morning	1
sept reuters jpmorgan chase amp co said it had not seen any unusual customer fraud related to a recent cyber attack on the bank	2
notre dame kicks off exhibition play against nebraska tomorrow at noon et and the game is webcast . this is how it s done wps .	0
i u ll let killing joke deal with my sunday night blues instead . that u s dave grohl on drums too .	0
mark the dates miss earth coronation night nov u c sat u c live on starworld u c pm . free tv broadcast on sun u c nov u c am on abs cbn .	0
well tomorrow you have to share a bed with ash . . . . . . . . . . . . .i dont really know what is worse ! !	2
to see paul mccartney perform because there s a chance he may bring kanye out and miss the weeknd or not ?	0
to kill a mockingbird may be the better written work but go set a watchman is the more mature book	1
 greece so we had elex on jan just to form a govt of the left have capital controls return econ recession sign a new mou by tsipras	0
q q today was the day that naruto shippuden uns was suppose to come out . whyyyyyyy did they push it all the way to jan ? ? ? ? hello	2
 th annual intersex awareness day marked around the globe via	0
the vow ! love this movie . if you are meant to be with your loved one it will happen no matter what obstacles you may face ! truelove exists	1
 tickets all seated together on the halfway line for arsenal v hull tomorrow please dm me	1
good morning sunshine . . .foo fighters aurora live milton keynes bowl from the front saturday . . . via	1
halloween is a friday if that helps so i ll probably be going straight from ayr after college xd	1
deal nexus drops to at best buy too on friday amazon cut the price of the nexus across the board b . . .	1
 spotted i just saw elvis u c i u m beginning to like the temporary th floor office . 	1
gov . john kasich entered the race few wks ago in st debate amp moving up in polls . honest speaker issue his immigration policy 	0
for all of you watching sharknado tucker just hit his nd homer of the game and it s the th inning ! tucknado	0
gonna be weird if doug ferguson is writing about bae winning on sunday and he doesn t mean tiger woods .	1
meet your new old favorite endless runner for ios race the sun macworld	0
stevie tv is the best !	1
ed sheeran s x returns to the top of the world album charts for the rd time	1
david guetta u s playing with alesso at fort canning th oct . only want to hear alesso leh .	2
the fact that i just read november yesterday and haven t listened to the vamps sos adele and	0
just a few of the haikudecks created in the last hours violet s rd birthday langa vulindela reading club want shiny hair ?	0
eduardo you want to go to mlk tommorrow or thursday	0
roses are red violets are blue happy star wars day may the fourth be with you .	1
heard the raw recording last night from amp thejoburtexperience at the back to earth festival on saturday . amazing ! so proud !	1
somewhere trump sits watching for the th time that clip of the hungarian camerawoman tripping kicking fleeing refugee kids amp swoons .	2
john kasich may be the only republican presidential candidate who i feel like wouldn t completely ruin america if elected .	1
no ukip are just nazi fascist racist etc . heaven forbid they may have been right	2
javier tebas i had a conversation with real madrid they rang me on monday night . 	0
i fault real madrid they want him at a lesser fee or free in jan .	2
i love thursdays . . . .grey u s anatomy . . . .one day closer to friday . . . . .and no driving to huntsville .	1
jack white on tuesday for the second d time ! ! ghygftrdghgc i have the best mum ever excitedmuch	1
and bobbi kristina may possibly be the worst actress to ever exsist .	2
i hoped everyone celebrated national hot dog day on thursday . it seemed everywhere i looked peeps were selling chili dogs . xd	1
fwiw my own parental household may make me batty if hopeful trump stays legitimate into the primaries . . . i ll snap .	2
controversy aside u c the games shown on tv for super sunday were great spectacles . bestleagueintheworld	1
kendrick lamar s black friday verse was lit . too lyrical and poetic i have it on repeat infact threepeat . jcole was good too though	1
 nd computer with same error ! ! ! windows fail guess we will shelve this until sp !	2
george benson and chaka khan perform live at the l .a . county fair pomona fairplex thu sep pm off 	0
as you may know i m no lover of david cameron however his decision to authorise drone attacks to kill british terrorists was spoton	0
 nd episode of family guy i missed it the first time 	2
anyone want to go to a red sox game tomorrow ? hmuuuu	0
carly fiorina sat with this morning to talk . see the full interview tomorrow am on	1
alert thursday s throwback sharknado will start immediately after the unc vs . usc football game watch party in the theatre ! eta pm	0
head coach of the super eagles sunday oliseh has hailed odion ighalo after his goal against evert . . . badotweet	0
toyota hybrids but keep busy credits buy up in the past december st vmplplfdr	0
rt comedy central is on point tonight haha	1
today i started pre planning my march trip to wppi and to visit in ca . i cannot wait to see you again ! !	1
tomorrow . . .walmart u c target u c walgreens u c cvs u c kroger u c whoever . .i u m coming for that discounted candy . . .be ready for it 	1
see that dustin johnson is a co leader right now . will take him serious if he is in top on the final sunday pgachampionship	1
paul mccartney is playing what the hell are you doing not buying this ticket right now before someone else does ? ?	1
right then . . . .you here thursday with justin ?	0
i really fucks with and . . every friday they play katy perry last friday night tgif tgif	2
snaps to nicki ! i may not like her but get it	0
fiorina blasts clinton asks why trump is mia republican hopeful carly fiorina said monday that she feels like t . . .	0
now we know why all those hibs fans didn t show up for the edinburgh derby on sunday they were saving their money to boo ian black tonight .	0
someone come see jason aldean with me saturday ? ? ?	0
new spygate information could affect tom brady s legacy charlotte nc august tom brady of the new e . . .	0
tune in to the miss usa pageant july p et p pt in baton rouge live on reelzchannel	0
i debated it st u c but now i totally agree u c followed by poetic justice . .	1
i just realized today is sunday y all nicki and kanye were preachin to the choir	0
i just spent min scrolling through donald trump s tweets . it is as though i have spent part of sunday visitng a parallel universe .	2
i went to class with no paper on monday so i had to write the notes inside my book . . that s why there shouldn t be class on labor day	2
nhl lockout sidney crosby in town as talks set to begin thursday afternoon players are gathering at the nhlpa . . .	0
it s the nd time . he blocked me from his nd temp account regarding caitlyn jenner .	2
got the job in the mall . .now time to get the job at adidas tomorrow	0
gucci unmentionables he hopeful prognosis january hike up the duet your personality invasive spreading in cont . . .	0
gotta love the tom brady network lol c mon man stop riding this guy cheater	1
boruto naruto the movie comes out tomorrow	0
this heat fan asked me did y u all know ray allen plays for the heat . i was watching the game tuesday and i was like what ? . 	0
 weho is leading the pack for a the carters lil wayne beyonce and jay z ride thursday at pm ! grab a bike !	1
is martin atkinson being brought out on wednesday to u even it up u 	0
i hope i see that cute boi with the nirvana shirt tomorrow	1
the video to justin biebers what do you mean is so hot nd i m sat here swearing like a pedo in a park lol saucy	1
roma with an early season statement while juventus go to points off matches .	0
me meeting lady gaga for the st time 	0
up all night live is on september th on nick to all you aussie directioners 	1
 th and he is african . . .he took the game to murray	0
jeb bush releasing tax reform plan tomorrow trump will say it is stupid bush a moron . his plan make america great amp put on top again 	2
shawn and brooklyn sat next to eachother the whole time and when i sat down they took a selfie	0
i m pretty sure he still doesn t . the only person with real answers is john cena this sunday night at the thunderdoooome	1
i was looking up youtubers react amp youtubers react to kpop was literally the rd suggestion now tell me it is unknown	0
we may call liam dad but let s be real niall is dad . always havin a chat with people checkin up on the wife and fam .	1
lmao ite he ain t goin be to happy he said he coming to allderdice tomorrow for you nigga	2
re the dude from th heaven amp woody allen . last time i checked r kelly and chris brown still thriving	0
i think sparks fly music video will be worldwide on the th ! don t you think ? 	1
use ade in europa and cups and let his contract run down . best way to do it . save kane for league and get berahino as nd st	0
i haven t told anyone but i bought about in star wars merch on force friday and i m proud of it	1
bob marley playing in the lab . happy saturday ! !	1
photo staff undercoverjuggalo tom cruise has seen the sun and the moon and even mars the milky way and . . .	0
tom in google play tomorrow day ?	0
chuck norris doesn t wear a wat .h . he dec des what time it is .	0
i like taylor swift as much as the next man but bad blood may be the single worst song ever created in the history of mankind .	2
the st sentence i said at the til definitely wasnt in a liverpudlian accent and i definitly didnt have to keep it for the whole transaction	2
kim kardashian s body . i would break things and push people with my huge ass butt .	2
 championship . seth rollins can run his mouth about me all he wants but when august rd comes the time for talk is over !	0
 lallysmarine boardbash coming to ohio june th ! make sure to check it out !	1
 you may not be allowed to speak to justin bieber doesn t that kinda take the greet out of meet and greet ? ? ?	2
glad to see the response was ready by the time i got around to reading mehdi hasan s article . thanks	1
can t wait to see you out there sat night at metlife big year from you	1
don t forget the vintage bazaar tomorrow at its the last one in frome before xmas	0
thank you kluivert . these days a lot of people make ronaldo look like a sunday league player when compared to messi . . . .	1
 .for one she really hasn t discussed her position . she praised muslims a few days after sept th .	0
his birthday at start of march may start saving now haha . did wee btts double for tonight in israel amp late belgium	1
have to get used to getting up early again starting tomorrow . yet it seemed so bearable only when doing it for nandito ako u c lol .	0
do you really think he gives a shit about scottish opinion he s a bloody tory after all	2
crap i meant to let oomf use my microsoft office thing for their computer today . . .well he ll get it one weekend when we both in town !	2
 st time watching big brother bb has me hooked . if vanessa doesn t go i m done ! want to see her walk in the juryhouse awkward	1
being gay in general is haram in islam . but if you re a muslim that s gay then may allah guide you .	2
if your around this weekend were playing in claytons on sunday night about 	0
ok imma sleep goodnight have a good thursday if you can i hate thursdays but thursday used to be thor s day so that s cool almost friday	1
whos trying to go to buenos aires with me february rd ? armin van buuren carl cox ! . . .how does it get better ? !	1
sorry can t make it to work tomorrow . got drunk and started watching live my bloody valentine videos .	0
organisers of the annual africa international film festival have revealed kunle afolayan s october lancelot . . .	0
woke up for the nd day in a row with calibraska still being number . proud is an understatement	1
check out all of monday u s highlights in with the daily zap 	0
i just saw floyd mayweather at the fashion show amp i was like love you money may ! amp he s like thanks i appreciate you lol	1
kendrick was everything i wanted it to be a new danisnotonfire video on monday !	1
tony blair to swot up on lying through his teeth until next friday the swivel eyed redneck	2
gonna make a mariah carey cover tomorrow	0
mais oui ! not to be confused with may wee the warning that comes with tory plumbers	2
hearts throbbing u c might not make it to my st . . . sike ! better watch out world u c courtney u s here no ones stopping me .	2
apple ipad pro might be announced on september event along with smart bands for apple watch .	0
rt rt if you love the song called last night on earth by green day . indowantsgreenday	0
perfect sunday now finishing it up with ted and cuddles	1
maybe you ve heard of the two heavenly bodies we know as the sun and the moon . they re actually chuck norris testicles .	0
how close do you think the us sen race in mass will be between sen . scott brown elizabeth warren on nov th ?	0
same way as in bolton are being stubborn and not talking or demanding a stupid fee ? are you expecting jim to sign today ?	2
i swear when carter iv to drop on the th . . music artists beware . you are now watching a master at work 	1
the key question ! will the rebel still be s this time tomorrow for the champion hurdle rebelfitz hondarebel springer championhurdler	0
ruben juarez was legit the conor mcgregor in th grade in the football locker rooms shit was sick .	0
samsung to kick serious ass with an early release of its signature galaxy note phablet on aug . pymnts	1
right up the road october th slim thug and big k .r .i .t . will be at ricks cafe starkville u c ms	0
nash s and skylynn s video tomorrow . . . i m sure that the video will make me feel better 	1
thinking of paris thinking of everyone in france tonight . charlie hebdo in january and now this . this is unacceptable .	2
speaking of ib are you going to rackley s straton s study thing at umbc tomorrow	0
 tbt wwa concert back in august . best day of my life !	1
 manunited transfernews ronaldo ramos zlatan muller .if you could pick one to sign tomorrow who would it be ?	0
spx was in a pt range for about a month in aug sept . pt range also in the last few hours .	0
rooting the at amp t and verizon versions of the galaxy note and s edge may completely shut down your device .	0
looks like my return flight is scheduled for november u c of course it u s subject to change . at least i u m stranded in jerusalem u c what a city !	1
part tour of hat yai . look at the amazing warm welcome and love for miss tourism world final on th	1
bentley with his at least th td and yards on carries . dude is ridiculous . g ville up in the st half ! ! 	1
sam smith s bond theme song for spectre drops september report adele sang the theme song for daniel crai . . .	0
because of you i m going to have to watch big brother tomorrow .	0
he asked u donald trump same questions he d asked carly just a few days before . she could anser them . you couldn t !	2
kinda want to go to anatomy tomorrow but i don u t at the same time .	2
 sw yoga for running is on this thursday pm in qn . e ysjactive to book or just turn up wellbeing getinvolved	0
samsung confirms august launch date for the galaxy note 	1
rt i m making a date with somebody early to go to the show september to see kevin hart any takers ? meee	0
 spectre sam smith confirmed to sing the theme song of th james bond film .	0
gift ideas for my th coming in october ridiculously expensive gadgets for the filthy rich via	0
is noel fielding having a chat on tfi friday or is chris evans going to keep on rabbiting another break groan ! ! !	2
kinda sucks u c he missed my classes graduation over something he may or may not have done	2
another away victory for milan now in th position and coppa italia quarter finals . not bad . . . . .mihalovic we the fans want more !	1
 d have a surprise for aussie directioners with whispers they may return to the australian xfactor ! via	1
gucci bags alter certainty january evince the two yours symptomatic present time relationship for technical ta . . .	0
donald trump and scott walker would negros back to africa they would try to change the th amendment to the constitution .	2
this coming sunday continues the series on major spiritual strongholds among christians anger . ephesians .	0
why verizon s g limits may be the droid bionic s achilles heel gotta be mobile verizon phone	0
stars of tomorrow ? ufc boss dana white points to paige vanzant sage northcutt the ufc is on the verge o . . . ufc	0
carling cup on wednesday . no extra time please . have to play more england internationals and give the kids a rest . lfc stillinthehat	0
and last night i tweeted this article i wrote after charlie hebdo in january . here i am doing it again . 	0
continental senior living will have a booth on the square for pancake day on saturday . come by to learn more about . . .	0
 caitlyn jenner appeared on thursday at the th place in the top of miami s trends trndnl	0
dst is saturday night sunday morning ? ? gotta be in the club for that extra hour .	0
i m going to nekromantix at grand central in miami fl jul 	0
i can u t wait to here this negros explanation about monday night ! ! ! smh un huh trust issues	1
why jason just said cole and kendrick dropping the album i m february . he s like go listen to black friday it s the last thing he says	0
i just need it to be sept th go see eric church and then spend the rest of my weekend up my cabin with my best friend . . .	1
c mon lexus ! i believe in you ! lexus will show its hoverboard in action on august th tech	1
sunday november join me in st petersburg for the faerie and earth festival . i will be painting live all day . . . .	1
do you know when tickets go on sale for the rising stars game on saturday ?	0
this is the legacy of tony blair and george bush . intervention only seen as a plaster not a permanent fix .	2
justin bieber interview with mai morning crew on mai fm . auckland new zealand october 	0
presents dethklok with machine head u c all that remains u c and black dahlia murder ! tuesday u c november th at the venue at the hub !	0
i filmed the wildest dreams by taylor swift cover i ll upload it tomorrow . i hope you see it	1
google results are localised so i may well only show up so high if you re in the uk .	0
yeah that s pretty real . amazon prime is that crack ! hopefully it won t rain until they deliver it to you . lol	1
so i think we need a directioners day again with ayesha . . but . . cant be the th . . .	0
sorry delay at work . stunned me when st earned this . still does . all out similarities its the norm here except islam !	0
i have two jason aldean tickets on sale for saturday s concert ! each or for both ! text me or dm me if you want them !	0
excited ! ! ! ! can t wait to see sam smith in concert tonight austin tx . going to be a great th wedding anniversary with hubby ! !	1
dude ! ! im going to a polish festival on sunday with my room mate d	1
holy shit i just now opened the hannibal s kitchen envelope someone handed me friday night dragoncon hannibal	1
ganda din pala ng unofficially yours may pagkafriends with benefits ! but the thing na ganda ng pagkaarte ni johnllyod and angel ! epic ! 	0
happy friday ! please watch the video and consider donating to help change emily and shawn s lives by getting them . . .	1
nigeria said thursday it has appointed a general to lead a new multinational task force created to fight boko haram	0
watching cbc news in vancouver u c awaiting the wsop circuit event tomorrow . what u s on the canadian network ? the us election what else . . . ? 	0
castle crashers remastered on xbox one is free if you have the original on xbox till th sept . releases today . castlecrashers xboxone	1
who u s going joseph wright tomorrow ?	0
make david beckham tomorrow	0
finally starting the th season of dexter . see ya later weekend !	1
if you haven t heard the story yet captain david wright greeted the mets in the hotel lobby in philly on sunday . . .	0
lady gaga on the set of american horror story hotel recording the th episode flicker 	0
i miss you too ! i ll be at su sunday to watch the lax game come with me ! ! !	1
it still hasn t hit me yet that tomorrow is steelers ravens day .	1
kasi nga diba may prejudice pa rin about black entertainers ? also miley says that nicki keeps pulling the race card 	0
but how you gon handle it if you are announcing on super bowl sunday ? ! ! you might put that gold back in yo grill .	0
rory mcilroy and jordan spieth each birdie the th to move to four shots behind the leader dustin johnson	0
michael dyer just may be the dumbest young man alive . . .smh	2
i ve realized you may have as much of a crush on taylor kitsch as i do ! we both enjoyed fnl john carter battleship . . .	1
amazon prime day is not the new black friday as british retailers have little appetite for mega sales . . . yet .	0
thought for the day ! ! ! my pain may be the reasons for somebody u s laugh . . . .but my laugh must never be the reasons for somebody u s pain ! 	0
hope you had a great wednesday . time for me to watch big brother . yes i m addicted i admit it . denise goodnight	1
lal bahadur shastri is the rahul dravid of october ! agree ?	0
i can t wait to take bentley with me to work tomorrow and get her checked out . poor baby hates being itchy !	0
any conference where the first speaker is named david bowie can t be a bad one . no he s obv not that bowie .	1
i m so excited about the vamps new album on friday	1
goodnight everyone ! ! ! talk to you all tomorrow d i shall leave you with harry styles a	0
looks like i m going to another white sox game wednesday night !	1
if he was derrick strait or roy williams he might get a pass . he may yet get there but for now he s closer to stoops doghouse	0
 be your vigilante . he ll be buried deep in the ground just like his beloved wcw . september th is the day seth rollins ends sting .	0
soundman pete wrestling with gremlins in haltwhistle last monday before the interview with for cinelove	0
i like dustin johnson a lot but i have no confidence in him closing out a major unfortunately he probably won t get a chance tomorrow	0
ahhh ! my mom said yes for me to go the a ap rocky concert ! ! nov th we out ! excited	1
the tix have been purchased . saturday is star wars day for me and the mister . gotta love reserve seating !	1
you may the wonderful thing about people s tastes completely different . this bentley doesn t offend me too much tbh .	0
celebrity big brother s best bits flirty friendships amp more . . . tomorrow night at pm on or you can catch it on mtv it s great .	1
are xbox players able to get the hawkmoon monte carlo and th horseman as of today ? or will we have to wait til ?	0
have you been able to locate a local t mobile branch to you ? we may need to try your sim in a known working device . . . 	1
 pastors consider dedicating service on sept to praying for amp for christians persecuted around the world	0
of all the receivers with at least receptions cecil shorts is nd in average ypc . behind vincent jackson . 	0
i wanna watch all of the twilight movies tomorrow	1
yap . that s why i dont understand why they re making fun with messi s height . do they expecting him to be a jan koller ? lol	1
gucci gob ego ideal mystery may bare the two sided your nose way composition against well inclined kindled r . . .	0
my father will not suffer thru the sun all day amp pay ug fees for me to go amp become a self proclaimed jihadist . islam will be disappointed	2
good morning ! need a google invite ? i have a few plusinvites . love to see the gtchat folks there !	1
akin gump has been tapped to raise money for the presidential campaign of gov . john kasich r ohio who kicked off his candidacy on tuesday	0
paul dunne gets a birdie on the rd . good effort after torrid start . zach johnson now tied with oosthuizen . within of the lead . theopen	0
forbes highest paid women s athlete was sharapova th yr straight with . mil . not hard to imagine rousey topping that list one day .	1
 nfl and espn have as many kinks to work out as the teams they just flashed the monday night football graphic . . .	1
miley doesn t like the bad blood video says things about drugs etc	2
the wait to find out if one of the people i got to apply to win sam smith tickets is killing me thursday hurry the fuck up	0
have fun tonight aladdin beanie baby brun !	1
thanks to my mother in law i am going to see justin bieber in march . i am the happiest person alive rn	1
mort zuckerman u c wsjdon u t be fooled by the headline unemployment number of . announced on friday . the reason the number dropped to . . . .	0
srsly tho there has never ever been a pic in kpop that made same impact on me st time seeing it as this cover	1
since trump announced his presidential bid in june pundits have contended he would not be the nominee . ben carson amp carly fiorina climbing	0
i didn t watch sharknado because i never saw the nd movie and thought i d be lost .	0
saturday i saw you holding hands with someone new . . . that part does something to my soul . circles by mariah carey	2
frank ocean must be going through some shit	2
avril lavigne says after debuting spring line for abbey dawn she may make own wedding dress	0
in january i wrote a reflection about the charlie hebdo attacks . tonight my heart breaks in the same way .	2
support for has been terrible . on the phone for an hour then got dropped . so far not worth the headache . may ask for refund .	2
shit ! tasha may think ghost kill shawn because he tell her that when shawn try kill him he tell him get out of town . .	2
today we finally beat dark souls ! ! ! long stream tomorrow starwarsbattlefront quiplash worldofwarcraft are on the line up for tomorrow 	1
funimation s tokyo ghoul trailer was very strategic putting from the studio of yu yu hakusho amp naruto amp bleach . put the highest quality st	1
niall or ricky dillon the world may never know	0
mark dekanich made saves sunday as the st . john u s icecaps defeated the connecticut whale in the american hockey league .	0
listening to the liverpudlian accent on the tv actually can t wait to pick it up in september if i make it to uni ohyes 	1
for the sake of being at work during th miss usa finals i am deleting my facebook app until tomorrow so i can . . .	0
my mom thought there were only harry potter movies i think i may have been adopted . . .oh by the way she s seen all .	0
iran says new u .s . visa rule may violate nuclear pact . all the ayatollahs want is the terrorism billion 	2
this is true but just mention niall she may remember him and come back to us	0
christians must disclose their income and may split the jizya into two payments .	0
i m gonna make eye contact with justin bieber in june	1
listen here hot stuff u c the only thing to look forward to in january is the ravens run to the superbowl .	1
may i have the names of the singers on miss usa ?	0
i want to play fifa but i don t want to lose my rd place spot in serie a and let the people of milan down smh	0
they are saying if they don u t put the winter classic on lock tomorrow with michigan we won u t even have a season 	2
oneil u s barber beauty will be open monday am and not closing to the last person leave ! wegrind	1
in the name of god i pray for peace to all muslims jews christians world peoples . may all praise and glory be to god forever !	1
can you sign in and check your order history curtis ? you may want to come onto live chat so we can look into this for you ?	0
 rivalryweek out of today mets beat the phillies yankees lose to the red sox on a th inning out grand slam robbery	0
it s your th birthday chunji oppa ! ! ! may all your dreams come true ! ! wish you all the best for your future ! ! fighting ! ! !	1
you may not like corbyn but to retweet ukip supporters is worse . more tory than the tories	2
fun night for everyone that remembered the concert . . right derek ? st luthern eric church	1
pakistan may be an islamic country but der are a lot true muslims in india who love their country and can sacrifice all for it	1
someday i u ll have a party and that party u ll be named angelo u s th yes after more years . i just turned sixteen and i u m a college student	1
getting ready for church if anybody in dallas wants to go lemme know then bingo tonight to win another . . sam smith concert tomorrow !	1
 voteforbjp let s make october as another independence day congrss mukt bharat	0
have you called people yet for bruno mars next friday ! ?	0
it s bernie sanders bday on tuesday . . .if he s getting blacked then he for sure has my vote	1
cripes ! boris crashes from st to th in tory grassroots leader poll in just four months 	2
full moon oct th . you can read more if you have your sun sign in libra u c scorpio u c sag u c cap u c aqua or pisces	0
great round for paul dunne doingirelandproud can t believe i m going to miss the last day tomorrow	1
vital testimony as to the political character of the next prime minister george osborne 	1
no better way to end the night than with paul mccartney . until tomorrow ! goodnightlolla lollapalooza	1
omg . some guy at cypress dressed up as the sun drop guy lols .	0
thanks . i reckon tsipras may be heading for the top three of the world s most disingenuous politicians .	2
prayer with amazing men of god this morning u c grocery shopping u c arrival of my nd pokemon shirt u c and purchased big l u s first album . cool	1
who s deion ? that may be worse than the paul mccartney thing	2
i may give the panthers too much credit but i think they ll beat green bay . the dolphins ? who knows ? will beat chicago .	1
tony blair was the best prime minister and the best labour leader .god bless him and long may he live .	1
i m doin good ! ! i fell at disneyland on tuesday but i m alive ! haha . went to a csulb event tonight so much fun ! !	1
when haha ricky come through to the kendrick concert tomorrow !	0
anyone going to the jason aldean concert next sunday	0
amanda thinks that because she u s not going to the oscars is a valid excuse for her not washing her hair since thursday .	2
ur fact milan hv a good squad and in the real world fact milan is th placer hehe	1
it s amazing what you can achieve when you keep getting up ! perseverance is failing times and succeeding the th . julie andrews	1
sheamus and randy orton settled their feud on raw . but was the match any different from their previous encounters ?	0
i u m determined to watch the vow tomorrow u c i still haven u t seen it !	0
just had our meeting with angie and george from big brother . . . we all getting excited about saturday night we . . .	1
i u d be pretty mad if the packers took bernard in the st just bc u c cooper eifert would be better imo .	2
reality tv show about the salt lake city co . ballet west starts thur . on cw . . . .	0
may your heart rest in the beautiful paradise of allah my prayer for the gombe and damaturu victims of boko haram nigeria pdp	0
which affiliation is gonna be the st to get ahold of and kill suge in prison . . . the bloods crips sa s aryans muslims or the co s ?	0
are the rosters released for the rising stars game on sat yet ? ?	0
hulk hogan with a homophobic slur now ? can t wait to hear the hitler had it right clip that ll play tomorrow .	1
iron maiden run to the hills rock in rio via since i m having a quiet peaceful sunday why not this 	1
hopefully shaqiri is too knackered from tonight to give arsenal many problems on saturday	0
here s the am message form pfbc this sunday for those away for labor day . . . web of lies in acts via	1
u can t in human experience rush into light .u ve t go through twilight into broadeningday before noon comes amp full sun is upon the landscape	0
looking forward to friday day and night ! excited to be involved in the seminar portion at drexel and the show at . . .	1
you could come and see the show ! ! ! i m playing maite ! ! ! ! ! ! ! it s showcasing at loyola from november th to december nd	1
 guys who have crushes u c have little a little penis ! lmfao the random shit ambrose says in th prd !	1
everyone who sat around me at metlife was so annoying but i didnt let it ruin such an amazing night	0
seven penny stocks on the move with heavy volume april csoc shares have traded as high as . over the pas . . .	0
when i am king kendrick lamar anna kendrick will wed and he will be forced to take her name thereby making him kendrick kendrick .	0
taylor allderdice might just be wiz nd best mixtape	1
an apologist through and through ! tackle the hate that is islam then you may start to address the root cause !	2
dustin johnson leads the at entering nd round play . can he lead wire to wire ? nd round tee times in one hour	0
i traveled to redmond today . i m visiting with engineers tomorrow at their invitation . feeling excited .	1
hey ! our august book go set a watchman by harper lee is out tomorrow for all you eager readers !	1
ice cube son can play craig in the next friday coming out	0
hi brit i will still be in israel next sunday . thanks though . i will be following the game on gamecast . go jets !	1
pretty sure grammys are going to play it safe monday and go with the no brainier picks big sean drake j cole dr dre kendrick lamar	0
i really need carter to go to venice beach on monday makayla will try to meet him and make me a video kskddkdkkjsjus	1
when we watch frosty the snowman he routes for the sun . the big bang theory leonard hofstadter	0
both of my teams alabama falcons are playing good games this weekend . one on sat one on sun both at pm . maybe it u s good luck .	1
today in beatles history april paul mccartney makes the announcement that the beatles have officially split up .	0
uhm . . . the hijackers sent their random girlfriends back to saudi arabia ? just found a column for tomorrow . gopdebate	0
indiana friends anybody have any interest in going to see zac brown band on september ? close to indy lawn tickets are cheap .	1
i was there for international women s day in march . hope to return soon ! i love it !	1
amazon prime day . . . tried to be black friday but realized it was in fact born white . primedayfail	2
we ll see when he scores the winner against you and is off to man utd with kane in january . enjoy adebyor x	1
checking out john kasich s claim that he was one of the chief architects of balanced budget via	0
santorum had tingles down his spine watching st debate i never want to see santorum and tingles that close	2
hq niall at the us open in nyc sept nd 	0
friday night live ! we are going to a maulers game ! meet at mvc at u c bring fastfood funds to buy caseyface some chocolate pie . . .	0
i m gonna make fun of danee tomorrow because she likes the lakers . i don t even care but i just like being mean to danee sometimes .	2
aww love you austin rivers and happy to see you get start in st nba game . . .but it u s against my boys u c lets go spurs ! spurs nba	1
one day dean ambrose will the wwe champion the date april wrestlemania nothing will stop the lunaticfringe	0
jan hooks frosty the snowman import a double bill starring frosty frosty the snowman jimmy durante narrates this	0
the knicks are practicing tomorrow now that their game against the nets is postponed .	0
why you may soon be sitting front row with kim kardashian and kanye west 	0
can it be april so i can be closer to see justin bieber ? ? ?	1
it u s fab ! spotify is too handy u c i u m addicted . you saw florence and kasabian then ! saturday i think u c all days merged together haha	1
just showered u c hittin up the harold washington library today for the entire day . there goes sunday night football .	0
new adele album coming in november along with the weeknd two days ago ? now i need a new ed sheeran and frank ocean album and i ll be good ! !	1
dear demi i just wanted to send some love to you during this hard time for you may the good lord be with you . love always curtis .	1
haha miss you too . and i may have to come to murray sometime soon and show you guys how to party . lol	1
november you u ll probably see me at the house of blues . mp themaine	0
 days until handofgod arrives on amazon prime . we ll have a review for you tomorrow . until then here s a trailer 	1
just asked bc i leave for israel tomorrow	0
why hasn t the taken up arms to defend a gay marriage advocate being discriminated ! ?	0
does this photo mean sam smith is singing the theme to spectre the next bond movie ? official word tomorrow .	0
sam smith is tomorrow and i can t even with myself	0
congrats to lloyd robertson on the gordon sinclair award tonight at the geminis . last broadcast on ctv nat l news is thursday .	1
i really like the way josh hamilton is swinging the bat . more bat speed . even though he k d in the rd he made some violent swings	1
major summerslam match announced the undertaker vs . brock lesnar the deadman seeks revenge against the beast on august rd	0
hoping the weather stays nice today as i m delivering cakes to offices in derby . look out for the cake basket !	1
fukkin loser it s totally abt mariah carey however studies show now she may be one upped by u	2
 fan acc incheon airport while waiting to board the plane u c dongwoo sat on top of woohyun u s leg ! ! xd cr weibo 	0
how safe are local rescue workers against the threat of ebola ? david linton provides some answers on sunday .	0
its the th ! happy swift day ! 	1
hangover city on a sunday morning we might not even make it back to the hotel to sleep if we end up in gay 	0
i know by then my u gigs will b over and il b in post concert depression so the timing is great but i wish it was a sat	0
long princeton and diggy imagine happy valentine u s day yn . . . february it u s been m via	1
tomorrow ill be with tracy dimarco at hollywood tans shooting a video and interview wiyh	0
beth tweddle greg rutherford and luke campbell flick the blackpool illuminations switch on aug music too ! it s not all in london !	0
i am in a van with a group of cheerleaders singing screaming an ed sheeran song . how s your friday night going ?	1
i m so excited omg . give them to colton d lol and i have cookies for you tomorrow .	1
wisconsin gov . scott walker will roll out his first big policy proposal tuesday in minnesota when he unveils his plan to repeal and	0
ha !rt after a weekend of subway mayhem the mta expects service to return to normal for your morning commute	0
meet and greet tonight at hartigan s irish pub and restaurant . welcome to charlotte barbarians and blockade ! ready for tomorrow ? !	1
it s saturday night amp is playing dark souls ! he has a face only you could love	1
tomorrow night on raw cash in your money in the bank contract and challenge seth rollins to end his th day as wwe champion	0
teens kids saying that old dude paul mccartney may have a chance in the music biz ! hahaha ! ! ! sooo green these . . .	0
i think bowen and cofield will be better in nd yr u c and hope jenkins will be as good as he look last preseason u c but those are unhatched eggs	1
with the man squads done here are some celebrities who didn t quite make it in . st up is milan fan	0
man bill burr april nd and iron maiden april . followed by dark souls on the th and eglx on the th ? april is gonna be brutal .	1
if you hoes wanna hang and watch teen wolf your home boy john will be chilling on the nd rd th floor library around am and then on	0
twitchy at the mtv video music awards sunday night kanye west concluded an acceptance speech . . . wakeupamerica	0
dustin johnson won t be able to ground his club in the same bunker on the th hole even if he wanted to . read 	0
just had a dream repeated x something screamed across the sky at impossible speed . rd time a crowd br copeland wz at white house .	0
remember that all policy ideas need to be submitted by tomorrow for the policy meeting on saturday at the morris hall shrews at pm	0
at least women have won seats for the first time in saudi arabia s municipal polls the elections commission said on monday . the	1
are you gonna be in disney world for star wars weekends again in may ? please say yes .	1
a solar eclipse is the result of the sun accidentally making eye contact with chuck norris	0
just own the night like the fourth of july mtvsummerstar katy perry	1
murray and anderson going to rd set tiebreak .	0
it s nfl kickoff but you don t like tom brady so come to and my show next thursday get tix	0
cant wait to see flight on saturday u c denzel is one of the best actors in the world alongside leo and de niro	1
kendrick is reinventing the rap industry he may be not winning as much as other rappers but shit that music is fucking worth it . tpab	1
with chelsea s poor start to the season it could be points to the ammers on october th and i ll be there to see it	2
intense workouts amp diet starts tomorrow after watching the miss usa pageant .	0
i m going to raw on the th . any messages you want me to pass along to seth rollins ?	0
after a day of racing the nd floor is ready to get to the comcast center for the annual formal crew dinner newshoes newjackets sameswag	0
watching some crap called big brother . okay . i may have been out of the loop for some time now but . . . wtf ! !	2
if i do get the pjob in bristol at espn all yall gotta come party with me before i leave . i would let yall know asap . and the night before	0
we have had a few leeds united tickets returned which are available on a st come st served basis to supporters on the database rufc	0
whatever wednesday s at machine is very . . . whatever so far with a group of red sox game tourists it seems .	0
floyd mayweather has got to be the most disrespectful athlete . ali is th on your list ? your pathetic . disrespect aliisthegoat	2
sometimes i forget zayn left one direction and then when the realisation hits and it s th march all over again	0
twitterverse blowing up about shannon sharpe s awesome hof speech . we ll have the video clip on nfl .com a little later tonight .	1
gucci breeches persona suspension of disbelief july blossom the couplet yours peculiar fellow feeling continua . . .	0
there s a frog here idk why and i was like kill it ew and my ancle said you should kiss it it may turn into justin bieber i m so pissed	0
cannot wait for country fest with my girls on friday ! love my home state georgia man jason aldean ! chillin on a dirt road ! ! ! !	1
syria homs baba amr under the fire heavy bombing by al asad and his thugs feb 	2
if you hate kanye west just listen to runaway . it may change your perspective on his personality .	1
yeah him and seth rollins have a long feud with each other . couple years ago the two of them along with a rd dude named	0
back at pm tonight tgif let s hang out ! auckland dj music tgif friday ponsonby	1
ur not wrong but think what would happen to muslims in the west if turkey algeria etc invaded europe tomorrow	0
you should attend champs this fri sat sun top roller derby teams in the world u c we play indianapolis pm friday ! ! !	1
liverpool echo martin odegaard i spoke with liverpool fc but real madrid the best choice lfc	0
yakub should be hanged to death tomorrow the mumbai s culprid else will oppose it by following a black day	2
in the car on our way to milton keynes to see the foo fighters tomorrow . foofighters miltonkeynes	1
a month later and the library finally calls saying paper towns is in but still no sign of of the copies of the rd harry potter book	2
omg i know jacob cry with me tomorrow ?	2
watching cowboys jets game . . .let s see what romo is going to do tonight . . .	0
 even if i knew that tomorrow the world go to pieces u c i would still plant my apple tree . martin luther king	0
you competing in la ? i u m playing a show in la with ar on friday night ! come hang out ! we are at on the rox above the roxy !	1
tony romo may want to check craigslist for hyperbaric chambers .	0
i ve predicted same for months ! if trump has balls to come on lateshow it will end him .	0
i have an extra backstage ticket to see chris brown on the th	1
i mean i doubt jessica is up at in the morning on facebook looking up people she knew in nd grade .	0
 eafirstplay at westfield parramatta is going off ! we are there from today until sunday so come and say hello	1
with snsd s new single out just in time for my gig at th heaven do you think anyone would notice if i dropped it in ?	1
went to the yard house .had dinner amp happy hour drinks .before we saw ted movie july rd with my family .we had fun .	1
wantin to go out tonite . . . .but no one to go out with so i guess i ll be on netflix tonite	0
a year ago tomorrow changed the iconiac fan base forever 	2
sat prep . backing the is like backing ryan braun . spygate deflategate	0
prayin for the families that lost someone today in the plane crash . pavol demitra one of my favorite players rest in peace . 	1
i would like to fast forward to friday when i m at the singapore indoor stadium !	0
i just sat here explaining to meme how hungry i was and then she looked at me and drove past dunkin smiling .	1
o n news greece has submitted its bailout deal bill to parliament with tsipras aiming to get parliamentary approval by thursday	0
john cena just did more than seth rollins ever could to sell that match on sunday . summerslam raw	1
chuck norris was born of the greek gods ares and hermes in a grand session of buttsecks that may never be equaled .	2
national ice cream day without blue bell is like the th of july without america bluebell	0
minutes aways for the unvieling of iphone splus or is it going to be iphone ? ? ? ? ? ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ?	1
how much r u paid exclude oxford don u c khurshid as of d iac expose . hope today will be the th after vadra u c khurshid u c gadkari	0
let s see whatcha got and you could win an ipad hd ! submit your deep creek lake area photos before this wednesday . . .	1
yo if last friday night by katy perry doesn t take you back to bomb middle school days then i feel very bad for you	0
celebrities pay tribute to frank gifford on twitter after nfl legend frank gifford died sunday at the age of . . .	0
we ve got more days till the end ! lets keep our st place and win mtvstars lady gaga	1
 footballnews the year old left the eagles to take charge at bolton wanderers on tuesday and jim k . . . tfb taf	0
dunkin donuts you were such a huge disappointment to my taste buds that i had to walk over to a nearby taco bell to get a nd breakfast .	2
what doesn t kill you makes you stronger ! mario williams to play sunday post wrist surgery 	1
ex britain pm tony blair held several hours of talks with turkey s leaders in ankara on thursday	0
registration for youth soccer has been extended to july th . if you haven t registered and are still interested . . .	0
joe silva and dana white should really consider matching overeem with werdum . reem may not deserve the shot but that ll generate money .	0
looking forward to friday on the guest list for ukip s no launch for the referendum ukip	1
sophie performing the one that got away by katy perry is no what am after on a friday morning	0
great stand by the wolves on rd and long . curtis will lineup to punt	1
kendrick lamar killed it with black friday .	1
chuck norris can tell the exact time of day to the second just by glancing at the sun .	1
that game saw kenny lofton clinch the pennant for the giants with a single to score david bell in the th .	0
carly fiorina on fox news sunday picks up where she left off thursday .still focused .	1
am catching a cold leaving to disneyland on the th	0
be sure to tune in thursday s pm for a brand new show with and yes i m bringing david bowie checkpoint with me	1
the friday we got off of thanksgiving break	0
i just googled something and the th result was my google post from almost years ago 	0
is caitlyn jenner finally ready to put on a bathing suit ? ! in this sunday s i am cait the year old faces her fears about wearing a	0
seth rollins won by the help of stewart . . .	0
 directioners ! ! now we have to prove that we are a big family ! ! on friday u c the movie to be released song . . .	1
it s friday so . . . thank you jimmy fallon for hours of youtube entertainment !	1
catch rainbow valley at the imaf gala . oct 	1
anyone want to see paper towns on thursday ? ?	0
yg s newest darling lee hi will make a debut on inkigayo this nov ! show love vips !	1
the only good thing about this entire day is that notre dame was ranked rd to go to the national championship	1
i feel like shawn is gonna tell us him and camila are dating tomorrow when he s on kelly and michael . . .	0
hey could you two wish a happy birthday for tomorrow ? she is a huge fan from japan of both of yours ! 	1
tomorrow night at crocodile the rev . j .j .v . co . headline a benefit for some village in tohoku that got hit . . .	0
just got myself free tickets to kwamz flava on wednesday . . but i dunno if im going	0
for my book worms murder in italy about amanda knox and in the middle of the night about dr . petit family in connecticut are great reads !	1
im embracing the oversized sun glass look with my new glasses . they are too awesome not to . i feel like jackie o 	1
does this picture look sadly familiar ? don t worry our yoga from the sky class held each wednesday morning on . . .	0
tweeps paris is under curfew . there are no mass demontrations taking place . the pics going around are from charlie hebdo in jan .	0
love is like an april rain that makes the harvest grow . grateful dead yellow moon	1
so basically anyone from this september . . .that s just brilliant news big massive thanks to george osborne and his friends !	0
boehner wants president to change speech to thurs instead of going against gop debate . what ? same time as packers saints nfl opener ? ! ?	2
i want to spend late nights with you and listen to ed sheeran with you and talk with you about everything under the sun	1
if you are in toronto please go eat some perogies at the polish festival tomorrow for george and i ! ! ! !	1
no matter how disgusting hulk hogan is he shouldn t be ruined for something he said in private . this societal trend is anti st amend	2
i really wanted to go see plies tomorrow but all the ratchets gone be in there so i u ll pass lol	0
i m calling it seth rollins loses the us championship tomorrow night on monday night raw .	0
today was a good day vol the truth set to release in december so make sure you have vol the death ! ! !	1
the fact that ice cube said bye felicia and it made it to friday makes me happy lol	1
happy friday y all . tgif ! wishing you a great weekend .	1
dethklok u c all that remains u c machine head u c and the black dahlia murder at stage ae november th . .highly considering going to that . heavymetal	0
why are people liking my valentine s day cards it s august	0
especially for our scott walker supporters here s off the walker store through monday .	0
tasting sawine for the st time on eid yesterday . he enjoyed every bit of it !	1
i just came back from mexico city . . . i will fail subjects for not going to school for a week . if rih comes to mexico in the th . omg . . .	2
woman can drive may change saudi arabia but not the cars lewat	0
gay marriage in focus as faroe islands votes faroe islanders headed to the polls on tuesday to elect a new pa . . .	0
it looks like a beautiful night to throw myself off the brooklyn bridge 	2
october u c completes the its years kenneth kk downing jr . u c guitarist in the british heavy metal band judas priest	0
awesome paul mccartney at the acc in october . so expensive and the people may be out of my comfortable age range haha .	1
football star frank gifford who teamed with howard cosell amp don meredith on monday night football died obit	0
lowering the bar may have found the first recusal motion to cite girl scout cookies . thin mints are criminally good .	1
still tryna figure out why the hell hot jam is on a monday . . .	2
stevie from stevie tv inspired my look for the party . . . i can u t wait to go jet black !	1
drake u c lil wayne u c dr dre u c wiz u c mac u c all dem haters gonna be jealous of our tweets in the sun rise motha fuckas	2
who has a car and is going to zac brown band on sunday ? ? ? ?	0
christianity is a life style u c not just a quick sunday service or blessing of food . live life as a light . be different then the world wwjd	0
depending what i can squeeze in before friday the rest of the week goes paper towns u .n .c .l .e american ultra me amp earl . . . and no escape .	0
how many roles he may play but everything boils down to his religion any single muslim from bollywood support yakub s hanging ?	0
i ll just go naked tomorrow	0
qwik tip if you re sending christmas gifts to deployed military the cheapest slowest route to apo fpo means you must ship by nov . usps	0
trump reiterates hillary clinton is worst sec state ever but kerry may take the title over iran deal	0
i haven t made game by game predictions but i think it ll take a few breaks to get to wins before selection sunday .	2
funny how you speak the truth and people still justify their wrong doings may a higher power guide all of you misguided muslims and jews lt 	2
woke up scared that i woke up late then i realised i don t have a th lol it s gucci	0
dustin johnson flies out of the blocks at every major but he simply cannot get it right on a sunday .	0
if i u m a cici u s buffet u c these mosquitoes are going in on me like obese catholics on the last friday of lent .	0
 u sos u not an over the top comedy ashwni dhir mumbai u c nov ians forthcoming comedy son of sardaar might be . . .	2
see shawn at the georiga dome on october pm eastern time	0
 . has become the st footballer sports owned by legendary rapper jay z topfootballfacts	0
hey girl u c excited to see the new jersey shore tomorrow ! 	1
it may sound great . plus hillary will work awesome with congress and promote equality worldwide .	1
one last push sunday u c and most of them will have a weeks not playing cos of the cup game midweek before nufc . i never make . . . . .	2
watched muse on the jonathan ross show last night and promptly had nightmares about screwing everything up on wednesday ! eeeeek !	0
ok . . .crash i sb at the i exit is clear . . .still slow between th plain and i . pdxtraffic	0
there s a meeting for swimming tomorrow lb in rodgers room let the soph squad know	0
miss teen usa just met with essence magazine watch for my interview on their website this thursday !	1
you cannot run a modern sophisticated economy the way you run a tuck shop at eton jimmy mcgovern in 	2
several games with indy implications sat . msu vs mich and neb vs nw results may determine a driver in the crowded legends race .	0
some of yall should stay away from the gucci foams tomorrow .	0
what do you think about simmons theory that stevens may leave the team if they stink badly enough again ?	0
hey can you plz help try to get to justin biebers concert on december rd in la !	0
i apologize for the inconvenience . i m with ira may i know if you re still unable to use your spotif . . .	0
 st chapter of go set a watchman previewed . already surprised at some of it . thoughts ?	0
i ll blow up soon not even remember a day before last june june th club paradise to be correct . . the last day every thing seemed ok .	2
they had a bit on e news the th with adele s announcment and my dad called her a slut and not a good role model . he was	2
looks for tom boonen but knows he u ll be face down in a mountain of sherbet . race day tomorrow . prep of pros	2
poetic justice may just be my favorite song . . .	1
finally saw the stevie tv promo ! i am so proud of you u c march th u c vh 	1
monday night yoga ! well you all brought some sunshine to the studio for my first day back teaching . ashtanga . . .	1
monday madness is still going strong throughout miami ! come by pinecrest coral gables doral or miami beach . . .	1
film independent spirit awards attendees react to times u recent study of the membership of the motion picture academy	0
 america s got talent semifinals begin tuesday we want different singers than american idol and x factor said . . .	2
robert griffin the iii rd . the quarter back for washington . he s a youngster but he s super good .	1
the last two guys fighting for the immunity idol on survivor were jeff carter the st thing i think of was jeff carter from the la kings	0
tory failure crows about the tories winning ge . let s show her what they ve achieved since may	0
watching red tails the st time	0
r .i .p kraig i will never forget growing up racing at littletspeedway together may the racing angels lead you to victory lane	1
dustin johnson ends the first round of a major championship in st place . what s a surprise	1
heads up prince george s cc get involved with itsonus today !	1
debate tomorrow ! the last time i was excited for anything this much was the year i waited for ted bet debate will make a lot less sense 	1
not paris right now that is the charlie hebdo support march . martial law in paris no on on the streets	0
just fear like all muslims you can not say a word against your own however evil they may be !	2
paul dunne is tied for st at the open and he s a proud uabblazer shutout to my ace blazerlife	1
waiting for milan vs empoli hope for the st points of the season . . forzamilan	0
randy orton vs seth rollins for the wwe heavyweight championship live tonight on monday night raw	0
if carly fiorina ran the u .s . via marketing influence news	0
arsenal have won three pl games at the emirates having been two goals down v bolton mar jan and v spurs feb .	0
after band wednesday night me and kyle were playing soccer in heritage hall trying to kick it around the bandos	0
oh look . there s twrp for the moto g rd gen already .	1
mark cuban apple tv is a pipe dream and why the hdnet founder thinks that may be a good thing mike shields adw . . .	1
the hulk hogan carry on has cheered this monday up no end . in bits here at the back of a bus . comedygold	1
 ufc yushin okami isn t just anderson silva s opponent saturday night he s the only . . . 	0
i can get up for that . you gotta get andy lee the shirt before thursday s game	1
august th the day we finally get to hear what ice cube has got to say	0
miss kentucky stopped by the studio before uofl s home opener on friday to talk volleyball amp miss usa	0
red hot comedian amy schumer will bring her first solo arena tour to the bb amp t center miami on dec . do not . . .	0
kicking off monday morning with iron maiden s piece of mind 	0
jungle island makes good on million payment jungle island made good wednesday on its promise to the miami ci . . .	0
it is true th biggest behind barca rm and manchester united with over m fans	1
a great way to get wednesday going . a cbs college sports piece on coach rodriguez and the arizona football program .	1
i will wait for the weigh in . rousey changed her body too much and may have too many things on her plate . i ll know my bet after weigh in	0
 oilersmobile july sam gagner nice to have you there for at least another year !	1
my dad and sister will try out daredevil series tomorrow . they really liked ant man when i recommended it to them . . . hehehehehe !	1
french club monaco confirmed on wednesday that a loan deal has been reached with real madrid for p . . .	0
michael easton killed the stand alone conversation on friday eppi . happy mcsexy is back . gh mcbam	1
there s a juventus party tonight and you re all invited ! happy th birthday jstadium ! unescocup forzajuve	1
also zac brown band will officially go for adds on september with beautiful drug . you already know how much i hate this .	0
hanging out for the summer interested in more google office hour hangouts ? we know you june cool tech ! ! !	1
i was going to suggest saturday nights alright for fighting by elton for him . . . hehe	1
it s not about what you did yesterday or what you re doing tomorrow . . .it s about the right here right now . eric church	1
really wish i was going to jason aldean at dte energy on september 	0
i feel like you d rate this one a close nd to them doing the beyonce mix .	1
who is going to ed sheeran concert tomorrow in frisco texas ? ? ? ? ? ? i m so excited !	1
 nd plenary with cherie blair and sanjit bunker roy wf 	0
jane was ever so smart on sunday s thementalist . great performance by owain too ! i like the new style adopted in season . keep it up !	1
the vamps will be on the cover of the next issue ! it s coming out on jan nd !	1
was i the only one that didn t know that came to milan the nd may	2
happy birthday mom ! the sun is shining bright today . i miss you always . love u c daniela rella lol xo	1
may not have . but i just know appeared to be better in early s before reagan fired air traffic controllers .	2
oct its goin down at the congress theater i will be performing along wit machine gun kelly ! ! ! !	0
i notice several people having issues with sam broadcaster on windows may i suggest it works great on windows 	1
friday starred ice cube and set it off had dr dre in it so this nwa straight outta compton biopic will be a walk in the park .	1
the kee to bala just got drizzy intimate concert in one of greatest venues with rapper this saturday pm in muskoka s	0
guess who paid for an nba league pass guess who u s watching his team lose for the nd night in a row . . . fml !	0
dont know what tshirt i should wear to the manchester show tomorrow nirvana my chemical romance or the used toughdecisions	0
last day of my vacation ! it was a great one ! shinedown concert kicked ass on the th at bluesfest in ottawa ! ! 	1
rick santorum and paul ryan were butt fucking one night u c and rick said u c u ouch baby u c slow down with that huge log u c i may make a santorem u ha	0
fyi suzanne was my st choice b my biographer but god made it	1
hi any plan for a custom made design case for moto g rd gen ? seem your site still stuck on the first generation . . .	0
love that you keep in touch one of my favorite dwts couples reason i started watching in the st place !	1
true bernie sanders saudi arabia has the third largest military budget in the entire world via	0
happy th to the only person who will go meet the princess with me at disneyland ily shae	1
i ll use a more recent example . when was the last time you got excited about a new ice cube record ? by most standards he may be top oat	1
tearaway comes out tuesday on ps and i m finding out about it today . that s the second game out of the clear blue sky to drop on me . fuck .	2
catch me dj hollygrove mixing it up this friday club paradise ! bands a make her dance . . . via	0
oh didn u t i see where tom brady is the th most overrated nfl player . yes this explains it . nflplayersarehaterstoo	2
i couldn t go watch the wwa film cause the th was my birthday and i m sad because of this .	2
man utd are a bigger club than everyone besides real and barca . they may be at the top of their game by the time he peaks	1
rodeo miami named rodeo of the year for the rd straight year ! congrats to the rodeo miami team !	1
ground hog day is such a good film u c sunday is for food and films sunday	1
v real madrid k . rd best support in yrs what does that make the rest ? we had k in div but who cares really .	0
i m ready for saturday kenan stadium is going to be loud and proud for the tarheels you ain t ready elon tarheelnation	1
foo fighters concert tonight bachelor party tomorrow and wedding saturday . best wishes liver .	1
hanging at dia waiting for my delayed flight to los angeles . i u m sure the delay has something to do with sandy . usc oregon game saturday !	0
yo ! chelsea ! remember when barca said fabregas was poo poo in the nd half of the season . no refunds	0
also the way to go at zachary u s is the stuffed mushroom and spinach . excellent . note this opinion may be out of date .	1
our founder will be speaking at social media week smwldn on friday . read about it smwfrienefits	0
calling up bernie sanders to just run as a lib and give us the option for a rd party bc these two suck .	2
thur s day ? doesn t sound like the god it was named for . let s try thor s day .	2
so bea what do you want from dunkin donuts tomorrow ?	0
if we u re still rd favourites at the end of the day then odds have more shit than white hart lane and anfield put together .	2
i loved ice cube s son s comments about people who didn t get that bye felisha originated from friday	1
it u s time to call in the cbb . . .monday is going down !	2
witsel s interm . the player wants to join milan and if milan want him he would be ready to be in italy and wear the milan shirt tomorrow 	0
monta ellis ellis provided just five points on of shooting thursday nba playersnews	0
will do ! hope you ll check out my st feature on itunes and amazon prime !	1
we ve rescheduled halfway to st patrick s day and the band for thurs sept pm see you there ! nola	0
of course it will be when barca can sign a player inspite being banned from signing why not real get minute .	0
what can i say more . . . may allah open the eyes to richest muslims in this world . . .	0
i thought i had enough strength for the hannibal finale . tomorrow is lost .	2
lol the only things that matter to me about february is janet jackson . plus she is apart of black history so win win . lol	1
i liked a video zac brown band with steven tyler fenway park august 	1
do you know if iran has any plans to hang any gays tomorrow christmas day ? presstv	2
news alarm kendrys morales dh kc kendrys morales went for with two doubles against the white sox on saturday .	0
wwe fires hulk hogan the world wrestling entertainment confirmed friday morning that it had terminated it s c . . .	0
jam at the blue diamond . tomgrant band will thrill and delight patrons and jammers alike . good excuse to get out of the house . ne th sandy	1
saudi voters elect women candidates for the st time two women were elected in saudi arabia s most conserv . . .	1
selling one friday lollapalooza pass paul mccartney flying lotus the weeknd dm me tips if you d like to purchase 	0
 i don u t know of a rule that could stop qld playing david taylor the nrl to us on if qld can play taylor tomorrow in origin 	0
couldn u t be without it now mate ! ! the thought of havin to watch downton abbey on a sunday night makes me wanna top myself ! !	2
the dude dunkin just gave me my coffee for bc he s pissed they switched him to rd . lol .	0
meet j ason b ergkamp ? st reply to t rumps tweets is always magically him . funfact the bot is from israel .	1
march fourth marching band is sound checking and sounds awesome . don u t miss this show tonight .	1
so briana is allowed to smoke but not allowed to take photos by fans because it may affect the baby okay then .	2
is taco tuesday u c see you at el rodeo de pico rivera this friday .	0
a tribute to rowdy roddy piper and the return of brock lesnar . it all happens tomorrow ! raw	1
the driver of a motor vehicle that crashed on petrolia line in the evening of july remains in serious condition .	0
looking forward to seeing all our potential participants next saturday for our free taster at the joseph wright center .	1
why john kasich may be strongest gop prez candidate even if he may not be able to get nomination . read	1
win or lose i m proud to be a blue today thanks to my extremely funny grandad my sensitive caring dad . miss you both loads . xx	1
ready to go to lexington with and for this game tomorrow night !	1
help white arrows in their invisible children campaign ! see em at the bottle next friday with family of the year . . .	0
this saturday will be a big day for all blue games . ub at penn state with potential for upset . chelsea playing their farm team everton .	0
monday stressing you out ? try these calming yoga moves	0
love winter soldier . incredibly close rd cause of its ramifications on the mcu . but i had too much fun with ant man .	1
i may not have been in much but you guys made it the best season ever maria u c and syd i love you guys	1
rt we ll be tweeting live summerslam updates next sunday on location at staples center for the rd straight year ! please sp . . .	0
justin i think you got that backwards . see my sep post on obamanomics outpacing daugaardonomics 	2
had been wantin c black friday since the whole yakub controversy . saw it aftr years . whoevr says yakub shudnt hv been hung shud c dis .	0
wonder if sting will be able to speak with his actual voice on raw on monday or if they ll dub him over like a movie trailer again .	0
on the menu briana s st prize venison chili i made this my first time participating in a chili c . . . good food	1
my dad just said we can t get dunkin tomorrow morning . . . who does he think he is telling me no ? ? ? ? ?	2
d u c you u re the closest source btwn fans team . btw heard cards may sign billy cundiff . any truth ? ! snarklife	0
her s us making sure people feel ok with windows today buy windows today keep same pc for windows upgrade	1
get in ! ! murray take the rd ! ! anderson leads usopen 	1
kicking off this monday with a catering order for real time with bill maher ! check out our catering menu at . . .	1
really excited about apple announcing ipad pro tomorrow . ah the rumor i ve been wanting to be true for years . it . . .	1
this has just brought a tear to my eye angela merkel tells sobbing asylum seeker why she cannot stay in germany	2
tonight billy joel takes wrigley field and then on saturday the foo fighters ! stop by for a drink beforehand . gt 	0
ryan braun homered as the brewers beat the diamondbacks on friday night . milwaukee has won of their last games .	0
max might have to get put down tomorrow absolutely heart breaking if i have to see my puppy go . love you maxy x	2
treat yourself to tablettv this bank holiday . order today with amazon prime and you could have it tomorrow .	1
tomorrow night if u in milwaukee stop thru club pulse and check us out . . . across the street from the bradley center	0
interresting to read u c except if you work for rim or microsoft but it may change soon the mobile industry in numbers	1
rt rt photo mr . jackson rathbone aka jasper from twilight was looking mighty fine tonight . . .	1
i might but i m gonna wait a bit to see if they patch it . you coming sat ?	1
sike april fools never say never but this is the exception turns on pretty little liars	0
gay couples will try to wed as defiant clerk sits in jail several deputy clerks say they will comply with a c . . .	0
groggy saturday morning thought . . . jason durillo is the boy mariah carey of today . wanttowantme falsetto killinit	1
tues . . h .i .t yoga . martin . . . st amp nd series with fran . . open yoga . abi . . .	0
busy day for commons select committees which are hearing from cabinet ministers amber rudd george osborne theresa may amp philip hammond	0
despite all the funny posts about lack of discounts . . .amazon prime day sales beat black friday	1
if they are still looking for a center u c they may want to inquire about sam gagner . edmonton needs d .	0
bluestone luke still looking strong as kerry drops down the enormous step at the leaf pit and pops through the sun	1
floyd mayweather has ali as only the th greatest of all time lmao what a joke	0
i wrote this about the sas response after the charlie hebdo murders in january . i suspect it s still true 	2
hello and good morning loves . wishing you both a nice friday . happy tgif xoxox . . .	1
who s reppin kxcountry at the zac brown band show tonight ? st of let me know where you re at so we can party !	1
rt more day of work tomorrow then it s bolton first away of the season mcmcfmcfcok	0
they re making a th jurassic park . if this continues eventually we ll all get what we really want . dinosaurs in space .	0
the sun burns you in saudi arabia it doesn t in new york wow i can t why did i watch this	0
congrats james franklin . . .that was the dumbest call i ve seen not only today but maybe ever . th amp fake punt sweep up at midfield lol	2
consult a dr . if you will watch the nd half of swansea vs manutd over roma vs juventus match 	2
seriously considering getting a catheter fitted for optimum metal gear ing all day sunday . failing that might move the ps into the toilet .	0
the score may have been but aaron rodgers kept right up statistically with favre . damn . skolvikings	1
is this one of your little jokes like elvis playing at the marquee next tuesday ?	2
not too late to come down to our monday night open mic to sing or just have a good time ! iguana w st . will be here till pm	1
i think we need first xi ready players in january . that u s a huge ask unless you u re prepared to overpay	2
britain may be in for a new bout of flooding in the coming months u c the environment agency warns u c as oxon waterways remain on flood alert .	0
i have a jason aldean ticket for friday if anyone wants it !	0
i hope the oct special from madison square garden feat . brock lesnar is broadcast on the network . . . cause this guy has ringside seats .	1
these iditarod updates are making me nervous ! ! ! sounds like dallas seavey has it but hope aliy zirkle can stay in nd ! ! ! !	2
floyd mayweather took another swipe at ronda rousey on thursday asking her to call him when she can make . . .	0
two sexy ass guys working at the farmer s market means chelsea will be back at the farmer s market next tuesday morning .	1
kris bryant just found that bomb threat that was called in sunday . . . .	2
it s official star wars to be released in the uk on the th of december .	1
its gucci tho . . . .i went from sleeping under cars to buying my nd crib . thanks the push	1
kanye west and kim kardashian share a laugh during the show on sunday night	0
sam smith wraps his arm around his new wax figure while attending the unveiling event on monday august in . . .	0
apart from saudi arabia one more country has to be blamed the st islamic state of world pakistan	2
today s a good day for mixed martial arts fans . amp ufc president dana white said on espn s mike amp amp mike radio show thursday	1
god he u s a daft thing ! he merlin is not very bright sometimes ! she circe apparently sat there washing her paws u c ignoring him ! girls	2
feast your eyes on the new international trailer for carol starring cate blanchett amp rooney mara . in cinemas jan 	1
montamania doing the hulk hogan intro before his nd round tko ! great job last night . . . .	1
i added a video to a playlist francis m . history of the disease march u c 	0
i remember standing on suncorp mins b st lions test amp saying this is rugby nirvana .today match it mate ? marlinswallabies	0
blocks from charlie hebdo area known for bonhomie is shaken again the th arrondissement the multicultural . . .	0
may i ask have you read the bill including the provisions that neither congress nor kerry saw ?	2
 words tonight s the night dexter	1
goodnight ! i have an audition for honors band and pssas tomorrow . it s the pennsylvania state standard assessment test . aahhh ! ! ! !	1
dang forrest didn t get it done . he was our last american hope tonight oh well . . . now for the main event anderson silva vs yushin okami	2
kirk u s bike shop support the businesses you love and shop small this november th .	0
carling cup on wednesday . no extra time please . have to play more england internationals and give the kids a rest . lfc stillinthehat	0
yo have you heard of anyone getting their gears stats getting reset today ? i sign onto today and now all my stats are reset .	0
murray can t be happy with that tie break esp . what did he need to do better this match ? usopen	2
who wants to watch the real madrid vs espanyol game with me saturday at a .m . ? ? ?	0
going to the wizards me tomorrow ! ! ! ! ! ! sice ! ! ! ! !	0
regardless of what happens thor s recovery from the st and his middle innings here give me hope for the future lgm mets	1
mohammad hirzallah from rafah gaza strip died thursday from injuries sustained in an israeli air strike a day earlier	0
 labor day appeared on tuesday at the th place in the top of ottawa s trends trndnl	1
how will uk pay for refugees government has pledged to take ? on sunday the chancellor george osborne annou . . .	0
orioles blue jays preview the baltimore orioles face david price on saturday and the toronto blue jays are i . . .	0
september is a great birthday month ! same with me . great to see your name at harry potter today too !	1
tickets purchased to m at the hammerstein ballroom on wednesday night .	0
if niall is actually following people why can t he follow me like niall c mon stop making me emo	0
j .cole gt kendrick lamar biased opinion kendrick is growing on me and the february album if true will be lit	0
the problem with labor day is that it makes every day following feel like a monday .	2
i would agree . given that milan are th it s fair to say they d be a top side . ms	1
i m performing at this benefit with tonight mike d is djing as well gonna be fun ! lefooding benefit	0
the moon rising last quarter last friday from the top of the malahat . murray sharratt photography	0
this girl all over me cause i m watching star wars for the st time . . . onlyinla	1
day off tomorrow going to use it to be very productive and by productive i mean watch a lot of game of thrones	1
david wright returns to the mets lineup tomorrow for three games . time to get hype ! welcome back cap !	1
rt foreign minister surapong to file complaint against democrats with police on mon at pm	0
niall i got on the road again tour in osaka next february th ticket so can t wait to see you follow me	1
hindu no secrecy about it policy says chandy chief minister oommen chandy said here on thursday that there was . . .	0
harris english hit a dude in the top of the head on his st tee shot of the day ! ! wow	0
hello marie u c are you stay in bkk ? . may god bless you 	1
copper river salmon special and live music thursday night ! come try some of the best salmon in the world !	1
we re talking breakingpointe this tuesday pm pst with ballet west dance allison debonna . join the tweet chat right here ! dance ballet	0
q . philip rivers pass to eddie royal to the san diego for yards . rd .	0
hey why is the ohio state rutgers game on sat not being shown in hd on espn in co ? guide is showing ucla cal on abc amp espn 	2
i guessed straight outta compton was about usher g easy kanye west chris brown or macklemore b i was told the rd person is ice cube .	0
jose iglesias igleisas started at shortstop wednesday night for the second mlb bos	0
always fun reading about rousey s love for pokemon and dbz	1
world series tuesday . i like the giants but i m rollin with the royals in . cinderella	1
 memories seeing for the first time at riot fest in chicago . september 	0
if a m goes and texas goes u c they actually might meet up in the cotton bowl in january	0
so hope that at the th paul dunne makes that classic walk knowing his putt could win the open . what a story . . .	1
man its unbelievable that paul dunne is even leading going into championship monday	0
and now my nd favorite red sox beat writer is recommanding it . . .cool !	1
nothing like spending your friday night on the side of the road . overheating dunkin donuts	1
best of luck on th rd vs murray ! wish i was there to cheer you on . go illini !	1
yoga can improve sex and may even prevent and treat sex problems by increasing the overall health of the cardiovascular system .	0
haha oohh yeah i actually had the same thought when i saw rndm on sunday !	1
knock to the ankle should be fit for sunday . sturbridge is . apart from that fully fit squad i think . vermalen still sick ?	0
national hot dog day means free wieners on thursday the news journal the news journal	1
plus i missed the thespian christmas party and i m missing kendrick lamar tomorrow lame	0
awesome thanks . gina listen to the one with hillary for like the th time . luv it .	1
when is uva just gonna cancel classes for tomorrow already ? jesus	2
may i please be special guest monday night wall or smackdown may i please meet john cena and nikki bella you yeah burge	0
 review redsox whitesox t o white sox challenged play at st call on the field was overturned travis shaw grounds . . . 	0
davis love iii wins his st pga tour title while tiger woods misses the fedex cup playoffs for just the third . . .	0
christmas family twilight tomorrow from pm including our young brumbies club . who will spot bernie the . . .	0
if you built ford tough or built like ray lewis on a sunday in full pads u c take yo ass somewhere and get some sweat pants or baggy jeans .	0
tomorrow marks years since hulk hogan lost to brock lesnar on the august th episode of smackdown !	0
chris evans is just absolutely gorgeous ! what is your favourite chris evans film ? beforewegosa november	1
dear twitterverse may i please have a gif of murray s f bombs into the espn camera ? i need it for future mondays . pls and thanks .	0
well thanks and that s cool if you re in ohio june nd you should come to my show at heart and sole	1
kickin the friday off with a gem of a jam disclosure ft . sam smith omen this is gon be a classic	1
i really wanna go to one of his things ! did you watch his new thing on channel last friday ? xx	1
previously unreleased kurt cobain song debuts in montageofheck see it in these theaters aug 	1
have a great time tomorrow u c and maybe can you come to belgium ? ! d xx	1
may be chris knows that zayn is gonna be the bigger star than him . . 	1
 summerslam brock lesnar against the dead man c mon undertaker unbelieveable electrifying	1
anonymous asked just realized while watchin fri end that the youtube account that uploaded the video is . . .	0
kanye west running for president ? twitter reacts the musician announced his bid for the white house sunday ni . . .	0
i know that the new iron maiden album is not out until friday but it just keeps getting better !	1
there is no doubt radical islam is a major problem in the modern world and will continue to be so . he may take things too far .	2
he could totally sell out amp have a rd act here . phone calvin sheeran adele frank ocean . a chaotic album of bangers for hire	0
curtis on the phone playing all these old songs talking bout throw back thursday	1
i know ! im still in alabama but ill be back soon . next thursday ill be featured at bakers so you gotta come through !	1
 beardown wish us luck . . .we may need it . georgia dome for atlanta falcons vs . chicago bears in atlanta ga 	1
drove the bike today about miles . felt like jim carrey on me myself and irene !	0
it never not being fun to see brock lesnar kill people amp loving heyman s promo with one problem raw	2
you a big john cena fan th time champion best wrestler future legend ever deserves respect lol	1
thank you and improud of you to gettin that ogt done . ! and im gone come in december . ! we still making that trip to church ! ?	1
the lucky bills will be joining me at digi tomorrow	1
lady gaga applause empire of the sun remix my new single mtvstarof lady gaga	0
double up on dogs july is national hot dog month amp today is national hot dog day ! how do you top off your dog ?	1
marth cashee retake tomorrow and i havent studied . still busy with this book report . fml	2
 . . .gandhi said be the change you want to see in the world . in this simple sentiment we can find hope . . .	1
 at your christmas bagram is alit and bright on my eid even the rays of the sun are dead .	0
i just read kim kardashian may have gestational diabetes via	0
ice cube managed to make all three friday movies different but all still hilarious	1
are u in ny ? do u want freedom for khader adnan ? are u awesome ? if so u c u better be at the rally in ny u c feb at israeli embassy	0
omg . jun featured in prepix new mv ? release tonight ? ! fyeah .	1
fox news reveals the republicans who will take the debate stage thursday night in cleveland john kasich who . . . cleveland politics	0
check out this great article about our upcoming warrior fun run walk on oct and other kpc activities in the gazette !	1
 lmao it u s thalia and no it was today . on friday we got gym better be there !	1
on this day in disneyland welcomed its one millionth guest just seven weeks after its july th grand opening .	1
going to see and along with all the other superstars december rd in greensboro nc 	1
 indians francisco lindor is out of the indians starting lineup tuesday night against the white sox .	0
listening to the album right now u c for the th time lol u c i u m on poetic justice now	1
bloke sat behind me in the cinema loudly exclaimed ant man to be the stupidest idea ever and then laughed at ted trailer . idiot	2
god bless you mr . frank gifford . may you rest in peace .	1
rehab update david wright strikes out looking to end the th . mets strand go ahead run on rd base . going to the th . mets	0
 days of halloween starts tomorrow day david bowie u c day poker face u c day skeleton holla	0
field trip to the west end !rt imelda staunton may star in london revival of gypsy	0
 sometimes you re just better off dead there s a gun in your hand that s pointing to your head . . . wednesday s ipod selection	2
looking forward to a fun weekend in the mountains and enjoying the snow in california . have a great friday .	1
i feel do bad . . my boo asia bday event maybe cancelled for this sunday ! . . . i was soooo looking forward to it	2
i wanna dress up as david bowie for decades day tomorrow but alas i have no money and no time for it	1
michael jackson is like the sun .he u s so hot u cand kilometers far from me .	1
foo fighters and the vamps on the same list ? ! ! thats why i love new music friday playlist on spotify	1
apple s september special event tonight d iphone s iphone apple live september	1
ant man was even better the nd time	1
did some wrestling today in jiujitsu class . pretty pumped for the tournament on saturday	1
bbl to take over franchise in short term . game with mersey this sunday to go ahead h . . .	0
appreciate it ! one more for you if i may need to sit garcon alfy asiata stacy	1
is all about one night by elvis presley	1
if sheamus lose against orton will be cashing mitb briefcase same night ? and what about dean ambrose ?	0
i m not taking my ipod to school tomorrow because i want to have a battery when i go to my concert	1
justin bieber seemed to his mother will spend a good understanding you all discompose you may well at heart could not be	0
good field for paris nice . first sportive of season for me tomorrow so good weekend off and on the bike	1
so today i checked my old ipod th gen which is on ios . . and it can t be upgraded further and i randomly open twitter	0
 wwe live from madison square garden with brock lesnar in action airs exclusively on the wwenetwork on saturday october rd .	0
if kanye frank ocean and drake all drop albums on the same day the internet may never recover .	1
over the last few months u c i u ve really gotten to get a better knowledge of mitt romney . he may not be rick santorum u c but he still has my vote	1
giants star voice of mnf gifford dies nfl legend frank gifford passed away on sunday of natural causes the . . .	0
epic fight scene ! boruto naruto the movie ! may gosh ! sasuke and naruto together ahihihihi lt i need the full movie please please leak ! haha	1
pray for christians everywhere that are being persecuted . we never know when it may be us that is in their shoes .	0
if i was dyslexic i would hate the sound of cate blanchett s theme tune on a sunday evening forced to acknowledge that the weekend is over	2
i may have only made second eye contact with niall but i feel like he understands me now	1
same reason obama was absent from the solidarity march after charlie hebdo amp the moment of silence for the paris attack .	0
he has been happy ever since he sat next to zayn at the louis vuitton fashion show 	1
camera closes in on murray in his chair after losing nd set and he s dropping f bombs like they re going out of fashion . brilliant . usopen	0
miss yo loves th street bbc crime etc news hasn t had an impact yet she still listens to me	0
sunday night is chilis night in the turner house lol	1
since danny valencia is the st best hitter vs lhp in baseball tied with ryan braun . better than adrian beltre .	1
afghans protest against french cartoons u c us film hundreds of afghans on thursday protested for the first time a . . .	2
i m officially done with all of my exit level taks . lets just hope i don t have to retake any in march . 	1
lets go andy ! murray wins the rd set down . usopen andymurray	1
good comeback from paul dunne . birdie on th and he s back to square today . solid mental achievement . theopen	1
there is more islam in austria than in saudi arabia and the gulf states . may allah bless these austrian folks .	1
aren u t jews u c steve emerson clifford may just a little scared at cufi . haven u t they heard about leo frank ?	0
my year old best friend died yesterday . her name is lexus . she no longer suffers from old age may her spirit fly were it wants too .	0
hammond we now have a balanced budget with an affordable equipment programme u c backed by what will still be the th largest defence budget .	1
never start working on your dreams and goals tomorrow . . . . . .tomorrow never comes . . . .if it means anything to u u c act now ! getafterit	1
should be happy david wright is back but the mets fan in me is dreading the news tomorrow that degrom has a dead arm and is going to the dl	1
gay bitches get they remy amp act like they been taking dick since the th grade	2
can t wait to see zac brown band for the nd time tonight !	1
police woman blaze of glory nd season with don stroud 	0
i didn t get one happy birthday from you twitter last wednesday . beyonce gets a million . happy birthday b !	0
safe and sound at flibs we u ll be all over the docks tomorrow !	1
starting the rd season of sons of anarchy . i watched seasons and in the last couple weeks . . i m seriously hooked	1
pedroia could make red sox return as soon as tuesday	0
the yankees are currently beating the red sox . . .in the th . all you blue jays .	0
is looking forward to doing the m at the london grand prix tomorrow but really needs to start shifting this cold ! !	1
i m turning the day liverpool will loose away to utd and chelsea win away to everton on sep it actually couldn t be worse	2
but a friend of briana said that louis may not be the dad because she s also hooking up with other guys that time	0
ny post also wrote knicks nd round pick willy hernangomez will be playing in sevilla which is untrue . he is with real madrid this season	0
dhoni s st ball leave must make even rahul dravid proud . indvsaus	1
i pretty sure none of those fans regret not being there to see harper strike out in the th on a pitch in the dirt .	1
this day in rock history september th bob dylan s like a rolling stone reaches 	0
a program of interest to ukip might be the chanel spot on the true cost of ilegals on monday at pm it looks quite informative	1
if bernie sanders gets elected he ll create nd depression by high taxes outsource jobs small businesses collapsing	2
andre u s wigan warning wigan might currently occupy th place in the premier league u c but andre villas boas is w . . .	0
song of the day heavy is the head by zac brown band chris cornell good morning and happy tuesday and teller . . .	1
 . nice piece . i think i may have written one of the longest defenses of kenny lofton s hof case 	1
going to see ant man tomorrow . has tlist been and did you like it ?	0
thursday just aren u t as exciting now waterloo road has stopped	2
omfg . . . phoenix comicon was a maz ing ! absolutely the best con ever . might go back tomorrow for iron fur suit . . .we ll see .	1
 gossip madonna madonna performs in st . louis thursday night will she be late ? teamfollowback go	0
fyi the ridiculously adorable ladybug larry bird gives his st piece of candy to is our producer director chris koch u s gorgeous daughter !	1
get a little buzz with detox to retox yoga at triangle char and bar on dorchester rd am saturday ! ! ! . . .	0
not if nicki is gone be in it	0
wow david bowie and bing crosbie you give me goose bumps . may this wish come true . peach on earth . . . .	1
last monday curtis appeared as he does mornings on ch s gdecny where he was gloating about the met s loss . . .	0
john kasich may sound fine unless of course you re a public sector worker who has lost collective barg rights .	0
mohawk place tonight in buffalo new york . roll out ! tomorrow we play hoosier dome in indianapolis indiana .	1
my nephew is moving to florida tomorrow and he won u t even say bye to me . what an asshole .	2
that u s what the hot texas sun does to your legs .	0
rt boehner proposes obama speech be on the same night as nfl opening night . . .	0
iknowushould will be at the tom joyner health festival the liacouras center tomorrow come out for freebies !	0
morning tweeps goonerfamily . did arsenal sign anyone yet ? even from a sunday league player ? i doubt it !	0
why is it the imperial march from star wars is playing im my head while i think about a new episode of inkmaster tonight ? ? lol	1
milan dropping points against sides in the relegation zone if we had those points we would be top cries in th place 	2
the phone will be too tall and bulky and annoying to tolerate use . may lose it like has	2
sulli is my st bias the one who brought me into kpop . i will miss seeing her in f x amp i will still support her .	1
lawyers argue that yakub filed mercy plea for the first time in his own name on wednesday . hence he should get days 	0
yakub has to be hanged and he will definitely be hanged at am tomorrow morning . birthday death day .	2
nicki may look hollywood but you hear every bit of new york when she opens her mouth .	0
saturday is brian kelly s shot at immortality . is it game time yet ? goirish	0
 unforgivable by christina grimmie . .not quite feeling it yet . then again u c i wasn u t quite feeling safe sound til i heared it a nd time !	2
i don t know which tory you may be referring to but i agree with that statement	0
if erdogan still thinks that turkey may join the eu i think he might be dreaming . won t happen	2
just got the last win of the season ! nd place in league woot woot ! cif here we come ! ! ! 	1
pl tell this congress installed vice president doing his nd term in t chair tat he is vp india not a spokesman muslims hamidansari bjp	0
went out with a olee in cupertino vallco shopping center . then nice outside paido for dinners .friday u 	1
happy th birthday niall ! ! have the best day ! are you coming out thursday ? xx	1
wow ! ! our only way for chg voteif for no other reason do u want hillary or donald to pick what may b scotus ?	0
tim byrdak strikes out pedro alvarez to end the pirates threat in the th inning on mets	0
residents say it s a blessing this didn t happen labor day with numerous people around . most left late monday . 	1
c mon charlie hebdo can t wait to see you make fun of the victims of terror in paris . if the russian plane . . .	0
thursday peeps band on the run a night of music from paul mccartney ! ! !	1
someone go to rcc with me tomorrow then we can have pancakes at ihop	1
in the words of dr . king u c i may not get there with you u c but i want you to know we as a people will get there 	1
national ice cream day and jesus resurrection on easter are very similar both are on a sunday amp both are the center of religious calendars	1
catch me up there on lemon and hermosa after saturday at the new pad	0
today was an awesome day but it is quite sad for me and my teammates . qian u c yue u c ying and jun 	1
see more from kathy goetz on ibm s watson at the lsa conference on november th and th 	0
i know this sounds desperate but can you guys please donate to help see the vamps on wednesday ?	0
 as we reported earlier in the day u c pg lorenzo brown will have surgery on tuesday . hoping speedy recovery	1
monday th geordie foam party with the geordie shore cast city nightclub . i sooooo hope will be there ! ! will u be there ? ?	1
f sport friday with ct h f sport . this lexus eats asphalt sips fuel .	0
wow tomorrow is my birthday . .i really can t wait and the best present would be a happy birthday wish from justin bieber	1
i wish i was th as enamored with beyonce as you all are . . . . . just th even	1
gucci bags myself restricted information august enact the span your personal inlet addition so side blazing . . .	0
yeh the new episode just got released . . . sasuke has the th path eyes with sharingan and naruto has master of senjutsu	0
personally i think utd should just tell madrid the deal is gone and then in january sell ddg to barca	0
hbsbhsdv might be going to see sweeney todd in west end on monday ! imelda staunton ! ! !	0
if anyone is headed charleston way this sunday has an extra seat message me . i ll buy the gas .	0
excited for the colts game with my love sunday 	1
don t forget some money for school tomorrow if you would like to purchase kony gear ! invisiblechildren kony 	0
as bogaerts hits his th home run why the red sox still think he ll hit for power 	0
who remembers that time they played nirvana at the th grade dance and a mosh pit happened because i have the video still lolol .	1
hi sorry we don t have po in sm north edsa but you may try our post office at nia road quezon city .	0
winchester wednesday is almost here ! are you ready for supernatural ? cw network 	0
conviction of yakub by highest courts is being nd guessed by the likes of with zero knowledge of law . contempt of court ?	0
the st japanese album was my very first album from a kpop group	0
josh hamilton hits a run homer in the th to break tie w sf .	0
this is when josh hamilton tackles something from the order diptera in the backfield right ?	0
check timeline mate u c looks like we u ll find out if we found the gym . if vitali steps up we may have to go too	0
holy fuck if i meet zayn on sunday i m just not gonna do anything for the rest of my life .	1
add a show in milan on october th and attend the emas the day after it s not hard	0
 st day of school outfit . iron maiden shirt black skinney jeans black converse . i am officially punk rock okay .	1
was it expensive ? i m curious bc i know my brother loves collecting toys and he loves star wars his bday is in november	1
yes it does feel like in the sun . and it happens to be national ice cream day .	1
for the st time ever . . . . noone cares about a match . . . dean ambrose is the most underutilized star right now ! raw	0
when will be the moto g rd gen gb become available for purchase on	0
iphone release date reports point to september or apple ceo tim cook wears the apple watch and shows t . . .	1
i m the only person i know that wants a harry potter wand for her th birthday . yeah ill admit it .	1
they have pumpkin spice at dunkin ! but starbucks not until the th !	1
winter jam is all set up ! the artist line up and tour dates will be announced on october th ! who do you hope is going to be announced ?	1
the clown has broken the record and become the st film to win brazilian academy awards yesterday .	0
palm sunday flo rida is awesoomeee ! i got laid last night bc of it	1
his voice will take you to an other planet rolling stone still gives me the chills . see you in december .	1
 religionofpeace if all muslims disappeared tomorrow the world would be a better place	2
yo bro we may as well just leave it alhamdulilah turkish government is run by erdogan	2
i wanted nadean to record me twerking to mistletoe by justin bieber so i could post it tomorrow amp she tells me no that s a sin . hoe . idc	0
the jumpstart students walk the brooklyn bridge end the night bieber style .	0
capt and chloe were at the fall for horses event at the new jersey horse park on sunday in allentown u c nj and had . . .	0
oh no if we violate the iran deal with visas they may give back our b and ask that sanctions be reinstated .	2
meanwhile some aide told scott walker he needed to polish his foreign policy bona fides . . .	0
this house may be old but it s a new kind of house in prince george s county . net zero energyefficiency	1
i only changed to apple iphone in june and i don t believe the cellular is as good as android phones imo	0
hi groban world news its christa happy friday ! happy tgif i hope you have a nice bright shining day from christa	1
im sure you be even more honored whooping that ass of the champ whoever that may be at the royal rumble ! ! cant wait !	1
i probs say this every tuesday but paper towns is the best film i ve actually seen and it just makes me love life	1
expert analysis on the new iron maiden song after my th play through i like it .	1
roma stun juve as chievo crush lazio milan afp juventus s early season woes continued on sunday with a d . . .	0
nirvana s e coli demo leaks online listen set to release november th through universal music the album . . .	0
hello monday we ll meet again soon . and now you don t bring that teen wolf episode with you so i m back on hating you monday lt 	0
this president talking about growing the economy is like billy cundiff explaining to someone how to make a field goal in the th quarter .	1
harper will be at or less on oct .jenni byrne is merely a symptom of the problem cdnpoli onpoli	2
what position groups do the new orleans saints need to upgrade most ? problems may have to be fixed during the o . . .	0
sam smith recorded spectre s james bond theme writing s on the wall way back in january if you ever want so . . .	0
gay couples can get married or she goes back to jail . disagree	0
gonna mull over getting a ps when stores are open again tuesday . will have to think of the weeb games coming among other things .	0
yo boss what you thinkin for sunday night curfew pm with a noon first call for the game sound gucci ?	0
yum ! this sunday is national ice cream day ! our team started celebrating a few days early with tasty treats from . . .	1
u s on hiatus but we re not . we ll be in atlanta this thurs fri . if you re in the area w a u tattoo we d love to meet up amp document you !	1
tomorrow we ll be at eldora speedway ! did you know . . . this mile clay track is known as the big e and can . . .	0
great weekend ! bar mitzvah at knollwood and a photoshoot ! is it weird that i m looking forward to working on monday ? 	1
 . so since thor s name is in thursday is thor what thursdays are all about ? atheist	0
tomorrow belongs to those who can hear it coming . david bowie the internet media has the power to make the . . .	1
some times on friday i m still compelled to sing a little rebecca black . just cause .	0
i just don t know if the celtics have a chance this season . . . . also concerned that garnett may need a hug .	2
help us get to followers by the start of mvc playoffs this sunday !	0
red sox game at fenway tonight then checking out this boston steelers bar thursday . it s like sports christmas week .	1
breaking news . . . . . . . . . . .man utd have placed howard webb on the transfer list after new signing mark clattenberg makes dream debut on sunday .	0
the sun look more hurt about zerries break up than zayn and perrie	2
louis was so cute when he was sat next to niall at the last concert and he kept making him laugh and was all giggly with him	1
i mean it s th in a series i don t expect perfection from that or tom cruise just good action	2
poor th of in baseball after a horrific yf amp f where he traded tom brady for mike glennon .	2
gisele bundchen scared in her marriage to tom brady ? everything may not be going well in the paradise for the . . .	2
on the auspicious day of eid may you be blessed with peace prosperity and happiness . eid mubarak to all . . !	1
spot price on kt gold is . dwt in tampa bay today crazy that gold is over ounce remember when the real price was . . .	2
 iknowimnottheonlyone sam smith . . . homie . . . playa . . . you are giving me tuesday morning deepness level yoh keepingmyshizztogether	1
asiata may have a tough time against det run d but i d still lean him if i was playing it safe .	0
yeah if you re going to get a milan shirt then make it the home one . or the awful gold rd kit .	0
was in on sat and they only had the ray lewis home jersey . they didn u t have a lot either .	2
ryan kindly gave me a month free trial code . gonna renew it when my xbox lives needs renewing . . . on the th	1
beyonce was extraordinary this evening . great show . madeinamerica good night . see you all again tomorrow .	1
on this day september emem eduok made his competitive debut for the super eagles	0
so conor mcgregor is already the favorite leading up to the fight in december . i feel the odds will fluctuate quite a bit ! ufc ufc 	1
john kasich in and out within a few days because of the trump trumpet !	0
i can t wait to go home this weekend relax see my pets eat homemade food and read go set a watchman . is it friday yet ?	1
this booth had a sign that said frank ocean may have disappointed you but we promise we won t lmaoooo	2
was just told sharknado comes out tomorrow lol	0
wayward driver puts johnson off the pga pace the horn may have been a welcome sound for dustin johnson .	1
naruto groans as he rubbed the back of his head . yeah . .i m fine . he sat up to look at his daughter .	0
nope not all i can t afford all . . but i going picnic jouvert the free jam thursday and sunday 	2
choirs off next friday or the one after that . . . tryna get a handful of people to go out somewhere for dinner . . . anyone interested ? ?	0
really think should have as a guest for bad blood at the show oct in dallas	0
steve martin u c dan aykroyd u c chevy chase u c john belushi one of the best comedians in sat night live . .	1
charlie puth and sam smith are giving me the same problem as fall out boy and panic and the disco in that they may be the exact same artist .	0
tooooo excited ! ! foo fighters tonight then cali tomorrow night eeeeeeeeeeee ! ! ! !	1
i think we all might have to accept that there may never be another frank ocean album . i m not going to accept it but we all might have to	0
the undertaker looks to avenge the streak when he faces brock lesnar at summerslam this sunday at e p live on . . .	0
lechlade s view on the upcoming clash with marlborough cc on saturday	0
huge play by georgia to get out of the shadow of their own goal line on nd down . lambert to sony for a yard gain . very accurate pass	1
just because the sun isn t out doesn t mean you can t get your tan on ! come by hollywood tans and check out the specials ! ! ! !	1
meet and greet with scott walker in harlan iowa on wed . august iowa walker scottwalker via	0
come on pires ! enjoy the show ! shout out to people in the u .k . and ireland wouldn u t go astray ! it u s almost am on a sunday !	1
ynm did you see tonight s top ten best play on espn ?	0
i wake up to my dad blaring dirt road anthem by jason aldean through the house happy sunday 	1
islam is the nd largest religion and every person interprets differently . but ofc there are main points that no one can dispute	0
all i see over my twitter feed is paper towns is out tomorrow i realised this tweets ago thank you .	0
when eraserheads u c francis m . and rivermaya are in the same stage the apr blog via	0
watch apple s september iphone and more launch on if you have a few hours to kill .	0
ryan braun ties the game at three with a base hit in the rd with two outs . ri	0
what a difference exactly two months can make . tsipras faces crowds on july v sep	1
because the night belongs to lovers nuit blanche video art love	1
 if you love a great deal don t forget amazon prime day is today ! they have black friday type deals . i . . .	1
demon gaze u c a next gen dungeon rpg for the the playstation vita st trailer and screens kadokawa games today . . .	0
 ps horror game knock knock creeps to ps on september a game created as the result of a mysterious email . . .	0
spb is bringing one week from today ! see you next tuesday at in constitution hall !	0
i wish every day was october th because i miss eric church	1
prolly not magic mike xxl comes out on september th and that s gonna keep me hetero through the holidays lol	1
anyone want to buy chelsea tickets for there game against aston villa at home th of october good seats behind the goal dm me	1
gonzaga kids will be beaten to death in the blair parking lot on saturday betthat	2
allstar game weekend in texas for the st bday . . . . .oh yea	0
 if i knew that tomorrow the world ends u c i still today u c plant a tree . martin luther king	1
use the bbc calculator to see what care costs you may face you	0
would anyone wanna go to the ed sheeran concert this thursday with me i have an extra ticket it was like 	0
british government may face legal action stop it exportin weapons saudi arabia .read independant stoparmstrade	2
happy how the capitol one cup results are coming through we beat chelsea tomorrow and you might aswell give us the cup ? mufc	1
may just have to write a letter to frank ocean everyday until i figure out when this album will drop . notebookflex	0
to watch big brother is the only reason why i wake up on a sunday	1
its thursdayyyyy so it u s ladies night come out and get your thirsty thursday on with the bomb squad ! ! ! !	0
i still can t believe my laptop charger broke . . . it may take me a while to replace it as well so ps streams are taking over the channel !	2
jenna if we leave right now we can make it to sam smith in glendale arizona tomorrow i m looking up tickets right now my sister	0
in straightouttacompton ice cube was writing the scripts for boyz in the hood and friday 	0
british council chiefs want more public srvcs resources from david cameron for more refugees cdnpoli refugeecrisis	0
when was the last time a front runner was asked about a rd party run ? the media should be asking jeb bush that question !	0
football season ends the sunday before valentine s day . which will be good for all of the not dates i ll have lined up .	0
happy birthday haryana . may you get the best in times to come .	1
i don u t have the patience to wait till january for a new jennifer aniston movie	2
a very happy th birthday to cbbc for tomorrow ! one of my first jobs in the bbc was a vt op into pres a amp then tc !	1
listen to abc rn weekend arts tomorrow just after the pm to hear u swedish for argument u artist emma white curator holly williams . .	0
 . has been absent from social media since posting a rant about justin bieber and may continue his hiatus .	2
i miss black friday with . when her mother always had us eat up all the thanksgiving leftovers !	1
i m glad the tories won the general election in may . they re showing just how insensitive they really are vote tory . they do not give a fuck	2
 . a boys soccer playoffs on saturday wilmington new hanover at garner with a pm start confirmed	0
so aj getting in the elevator with cena means they had sex between the rd and the ground floor . wwe logic .	0
there was always one little gobshite pretty boy that minced about thinking he was david beckham on every sunday league team i swear	0
going by the th amendment denying gay marriage would infringe on the rights of people under the jurisdiction of the u .s .	0
tell that leprechaun joe silva to make vs the pot head nick diaz in december . . .	0
if the day should ever come that u do a video for bad blood may i audition for the part of lucky fiori sir ?	0
if all of the kpop fans came after d people will wake up tomorrow and be like who is d ? 	0
watch adele release it late december and block the charts . . . and then when she s done sam smith is coming	1
new extended promo for the vampire diaries season episode black hole sun stefan left enzo in quite the . . .	0
lakers gonna beat the clippers tomorrow tho !	0
sopa is back ! as a ransomware virus after historic internet protests in january the sopa . . .	2
zayn may be performing at the vmas im not ready	0
this is the link to the twilight run this coming thursday	0
may not have been obama . maybe the administration whatever that is . tells you us keeping distance from erdogan	0
pro hillary clinton correct the record says jeb bush s st tv ad is built on a phony record says econ claims built on housing bubble	0
just in case you haven u t had enough we have plenty of birthday cake ready for you tomorrow !	1
didn t know ice cube was a ghostwriter but i guess it makes sense since he wrote friday	0
steve stricker just finished his st round . on i ll have an update and dustin johnson on leading .	0
hi y all i m selling three tickets at face value for amy schumer on friday in mke let me know if you want them !	1
rousey is about to kill hollie holm in january . my guess is seconds ufc bantemweightchampuonship	0
angela merkel explaining to a crying child that germany might just deport her .	2
thx for the fol back . may god someday condemn those who mean to harm israel his chosen people . god bless your warrior spirit	0
anyone else noticed the uncanny resemblance between tgun and petraeus ? tgun s dad may have a confession to make .	0
just saw on the big brother best bits advert for next saturday just ash s face is the best bit of big brother	1
thor is ready for the game tomorrow .	1
 . amanda knox who lied repeatedly cleaned with bleach that morning is no innocent petal	2
what i hate is when the sun brings out the men who think they look like david beckham but dont . .put it away ! !	2
forever jealous of those who are going to the sam smith concert tomorrow 	2
might be going for the lsu game saturday !	1
you going to the lair tailgate on saturday ?	0
wow look at this another amazing monday jennette on ellen in place we do this for you we love you	1
she u s alright u c she u ll win the brit award for best female if she breaks wind between now and may .	1
lebron james now playing for lsu . . . . in the background said he s a th year senior	0
if you read again what i posted hours ago you could learn finally trump is not my st choice !	2
devo brown thanks for another great night everyone ! ! don t forget tomorrow roz and mocha speak with lloyd robertson jason priestley !	1
is anyone i know going to the joseph wright induction day on wednesday ? loner scared	0
this guy is going in the mail tomorrow addressed to the georgia athletic dept .	0
from what i understand the pc beta is the best ps was good ad xbox is atrocious . just got to level . after my th game .	1
this is on windows may have something to do with it everything else is also slower than sh through a funnel since upgrade 	2
frank gore vernon davis u c make wins tomorrow please . fantasyfootball	1
hi sorry but can u rt this ? it means the world to me i really hope that niall will notice me for my bday	1
sun is shining . . . bob marley on the radio . . . hiya monday !	1
 champions league is in mourinho u s blood paulo sousa thinks jose mourinho may consider his time at real madrid a failure if he does . . .	0
thoughts on the seth rollins vs orton title match amp them really peaking at wrestlemania . . . raw	0
tomorrow morning i m going to ihop i gotta taste for pancakes	1
ima just go with danee tomorrow thanks tho	1
jennifer aniston drew barrymore fill in the blank ! at the lacma art film gala on sat . . . hollywood news	0
the marlies take on the hamilton bulldogs affiliate of the montreal canadiens tomorrow night in pre season action . puck drop pm !	0
i guess even pandora knows justin bieber is a grown up . . . this is the nd condom ad they ve played	0
so after david ruffin sat in the trap and smoked crack all day friday all day saturday and sunday i gotta salute his will to keep going !	1
if you haven t heard kendrick lamar x j .coles black friday freestyle verse you need to now !	0
religious liberty is defined as religion that bobby jindal amp huckabee approve of . read the constitution !	2
sad scenes about underoath splitting . off to newcastle tomorrow for the weekend . try catch the arsenal game too . if yr about	2
milan fiorentina and roma are interested in signing juventus defender andrea barzagli his contract ends in june juve want to keep him .	0
it s sunday but zayn s performance makes me want to pop off	1
july is the true national hot dog day but that won t stop me from celebrating today .	1
uhhhh ok . . . so instead of frank ocean headlining saturday at fyf it s going to be kanye west wtf	0
tyga may have not bought a bitch a bentley but he still bought one a ferrari .	0
my lock screen is currently a pic of katy perry it will be a picture of sunny when i get my new samsung on tuesday .	0
bbc picked up the nfl for years . . . . .that ll give clare balding something to do on sunday nights	0
seriously u c got punished for a month in the th grade for going to contraband and its been downhill since wildchild	2
and please little things vh premire only on or after sat . coz where i u am right doesnt show up vh on the tv ! please sat .	2
finally watched pll halloween special . yikes ! ! i def cannot wait for the season premier jan th ! ! !	1
today is the st int u l lennox gastaut syndrome awareness day . take a moment to learn about lgs .	0
what a shower of a club real madrid is .unsettle ddg try to get him on the cheap at the th hour then fuck up the admin .	2
yeah the lady teaching the class said oyster stamps were the best place for them . might wait til i ve been to donny on sunday	1
h . i m going to make a twitter to use on my ipod at school work tomorrow bc this fucks up my notifs	2
world book day was mon and no one gave me a book . no one even gave me back any of the books they u ve borrowed hinthint	0
you say anything that may offend muslims you better watch out . you could be suspended fired or prosecuted .	2
sam smith on the th of sept tapos solaire . wiieee . i am giving myself the gift i should receive .	1
i m gonna throw bernie sanders a birthday party on tuesday you re all invited	1
bring the whole family for a weekend of sun u c fun healthy living at florida . . . taking place at jungle island u c . . .	1
you may have the key to your girlfriend s heart but chuck norris has the key to her back door .	0
wish i could go to church tonight i really do have a reason !	0
may th today may not be but star wars day it is ! d	1
okay justin bieber may not be the best role model out there but damn he got some good songs out now	1
i m mcing the wearables amp tech fashion show that leads into the google party on monday . peep the deets here tech	0
no idea sorry ! just kno pundits say trump will prob . lose popularity later as he has little policy . poss jeb bush may get rep nom ?	2
advice to each gop candidate in order of how i think they finished th place john kasich contrast with bush more gopdebate tcot p 	0
game of tones st question today on with who was mariah carey married too from sony ?	0
amazon prime day thirteen days in september the dramatic story of the struggle for peace 	0
kpop was life in th grade and it s still life .	1
it s national ice cream day . or as we diabetics call it thursday .	0
if anyone wants to go see paul mccartney in concert with me on oct you would literally make my entire life 	1
had a horrible day at work so i m in the bath listening to frank ocean . . . what do you mean it s only monday ?	0
hi adil how r you saw you last thursday on music awards on bbc and today heard you on the breakfast show chris evans	0
by suzanne moore monday july the guardian this time it s not me who says that ! ro angela merkel and . . .	0
john kasich has been living in the murky middle on energy policy . his home state may force his hand soon .	2
yeh but he no have the maillot jaune on ! could be bannister wondered if may be small child ? next generation etc or steve red	0
 this programme features indiscrete discussions about the royal family which may distress some viewers weirdest warning ever on big brother	2
hello u c eleanor . will you please follow my account for my birthday on the th ? please u c you won u t regret it .	1
the only line i will remember tomorrow is john kasich s dad was a mailman . . . . . who the hell cares ? ! ? ! ?	2
only can it be known tomorrow if ddg s transfer to real madrid went through . . . . get some rest . more drama to come .	0
we should donate it to arsenal . . they aint winning anythng ! rt th community shield yeah still silverware 	1
hope there s a bit of fireworks between undertaker amp brock lesnar tonight on raw before the big explosion at summerslam this sunday !	0
yeah rd season has just started . . i u m addicted . . also watching pretty little liars u c revenge once upon a time atm	1
just remeber nothing is set in stone they may have won a small victory but we will end islam s game you know as well as i .	0
this lady on sunday morning live is an absolute idiot . negotiating with daesh isn t possible nothing like the ira	2
floyd mayweather vs andre berto on september th . . .i hope it s better than the pacquiao fight	0
still waiting on frank ocean to drop his album . . it s august already	0
ryan braun hits his th hr of the year a solo shot in the th as the brewers trail reds now on whby	1
good night out with the boys u cparty bus down town tomorrow n osu saturday cantwait	1
woke up to the sun shining and i got handed a and now we headed to venice beach ! life	1
cristano ego may have rubbed off on james rodriguez hell yeah it did	2
as confirmed on tonight u s episode of monday night raw u c cm punk and wwe legend mick foley will both captain teams heading	0
saturday u s ufc on fuel tv looks a lot better than the scheduled undercard of ufc . no surprise got cancelled .	1
in honour of conor mcgregor s success in the early hours of yesterday morning here s some monday morning . . .	1
tmz reports that seth rollins caught a ride to a local restaurant in an unmarked cop car saturday evening when he . . .	0
we shootin the video next tuesday at club crucial we need you to come dj blakboy	0
nl rookie of the year race is still wide open . kris bryant for his last . joc hitting . since june . sleeper is giants matt duffy .	0
can someone take me to blossom on the th to see ed sheeran	0
today is our little miss emporium fair s nd birthday she was born hours before prince george ! needless to say there will be cake .	1
i will have classes on saturdays unfortunately . . . but i don t give a fuck about it i will go to a madonna show even if it s on a saturday .	2
shout out to kendrick lamar . .for coming threw dat next fire line up . .black friday let em know you wit em flames ! !	1
haha did you hear on friday when i like shouted fock me in a liverpudlian accent xd tate was just like 	2
jim harbaugh gets the most tv face time of any nfl coach tom coughlin th . . .rex ryan th bob s blitz	0
why do christians support jews and israel ? the rd temple will not be built on the mount instead in the presence of g d at the wall 	2
and all on the jonathan ross show tonight terrif sat night in ! well done toofunny	1
gucci baggy skin below the eyes themselves aplomb december amplify the duet yours peculiar fellow feeling unit . . .	0
curtis inde ky would go after davis despite the st amendment and muslim truck drivers get . see 	0
 . well it s rolling stone so they re probably lying	2
quote of the night if i were amarosa i would go to brooklyn bridge and be drowning myself funny	1
amazing day today . i can u t wait for tomorrow i get my braces then movie night at my bf u s house with rosa jose . yaaaay .	1
one of the clients had it today . we get it tomorrow . i u m hoping i notice unlike hd tv !	0
who s name shall i get on the rd kit ? chicha isco or illarra ? help please !	0
that s what happens when you hang around with ira terrorists . it s hard to have any sympathy for the cunt .	2
is it february yet ? need the new j . cole album with kendrick ? .	0
heat parade monday june th . starts at calle ocho through brickell avenue through biscayne boulevard and ends at the aaa .	0
daily cannon coquelin arsenal label means you re obliged to give more arsenal	0
reproductive science center of new england will be joining us this saturday for our annual conference . . . will you ?	0
mariah carey does it to his nd marriage life . . . i made a vow that i will reserve myself to the next one i ll be . . .	1
one season wonders don t tend to do it in their st season when only . ridiculous that ppl even consider it . kane is class get used to it	2
 hulk hogan appeared on friday at the st place in the top of leeds s trends trndnl	0
what you think of liverpool ? bet rogers sat on santa s lap at xmas asking for a new job . points on sunday the toon	0
last week to sign the petition to keep labour day in may . sign the petition today !	0
john cena and the primetime players vs the the new day members big e and kofi kingston and seth rollins now on wwe monday night raw 	0
david price got a win in the blue jays big win over the rangers on wednesday and in five starts for toronto he s with a . era .	1
jack and jack if you see this i will dress as miley cyrus to my first day of college and blast calibraska as promo	1
nooooooo this sunday is the last episode of downton abbey . there u s a christmas special coming but that u s ages away .	2
on october i told taylor swift i wouldn u t listen to her until she wrote about something else . one year later and here we are still .	2
lets have a poll was replacing frank gifford with al michaels on monday night football a good or bad decision ?	0
 g m steve emerson on sun explains the riots and real motives tcot teaparty	0
i think joe paterno went for it on th down twice in years . pennstate has gone for it on th down twice today . dizzyinhappyvalley	0
may choose not to worn a skull cap but he would serve islam if he engages sufi leaders to check wahabism in india	2
senegal are disqualified from the africa cup of nations after a riot forced saturday s game with ivory coast to be abandoned .	2
kanye west i ve decided to run for president based on the history in that family he may be us s st black female president !	0
curtis welcome and may i add how utterly original of you old tater lol	0
the new iron maiden comes out friday . . . . .	0
tgif must mean it s time to kick off the weekend in style at central scotland s biggest amp best friday night . . .	1
me briana you re room has been like this since the th grade bri calm down i got new blinds	0
 throwbackthursday our weekly dive into the toyota archives every thursday we take a look . . . toyota usedcars	0
today i came to the world of television u c who knows u c but may be very soon i will be interviewing big time rush ? i wish this all my soul ! 	1
did you know that every monday is facebook monday at hot springs resort spa ? off a tub for or more people . . .	0
gutted .takin mrs her st eng game then . she loves the dive fella .cocky git ! wish u well rest of internationals .	1
bruh what if they made a new friday with ice cube son and dc young fly as smokey	0
well if the world is going to end i may as well go to rum runners one last time . . . . . for old times sake help	0
clinton panetta petraeus we will not standdown on nov or nov or nov th . do the right thing now . wewillnotletthisgo	2
interesting . . . lollapalooza friday recap the weeknd grooves paul mccartney plays the hits . . . with . . . . . .	0
when you remember nash s new video with skylynn is tomorrow	1
gone from eminem to fetty wap to kenny chesney and johnny cash to taking back sunday and foo fighters in the last hour . variety	0
what did you think of nasser s story this sunday ? were you challenged in your thoughts about muslims and how god . . .	0
seeing janet jackson this friday and i think i m going to cry the whole concert	1
charlie rose with desmond tutu bill joy october the archbishop of cape town south africa and nobel . . .	0
floyd mayweather announces to fight for the last time in september . will prolly equal marciano s record but wont go out with a bang . . . .	0
wait there u s going to be an august osage county movie with meryl streep ? holy crap !	0
except u re charlie sheen . . . rt is it true that you tell people top of the morning only when you had sex the previous night ?	0
hours are to gmt for the public . as you re in turin they may refer you to the milan embassy and here s their . . . .	0
spending my first saturday morning with internet attempting to install windows on a nine year old laptop . going surprisingly well so far !	1
the tickets for the australian tour will be on sale on april th at am local time .	1
call on the field is reversed as the aggies came up short of the st down . murray and crew will go for it .	0
i want to go to chateau marmont tomorrow night !	0
excitement for the bearcats tomorrow night obviously . 	1
i know but i have to drive to summersville tomorrow and don t want it to be bad . lol . start at go mart tomorrow at am	2
i m about to just tweak in make up hspa tomorrow these mofuckas failed me for english by two points .	2
till june nalang ang botohan ! so make sure you vote deniesse u c wendy u c jazz and divine on fhm sexiest ! thv u spride !	1
as fans and media wait for a ruling on the tom brady case the judge sends word that no ruling will be coming from him on tues sept .	0
the last scene of jurassic world may be one of the best scenes ever	1
 livewire nadal confirmed for mexican open in february rafael nadal is set to play at the me . . . livewireathletics	0
woo hoo ! it s friday ! ! stephen colbert sings friday with jimmy fallon and the roots late night . . . via	1
drew at hitfix says the new bond song will be released tuesday . sony will not tell the performer but rumors is radiohead .	0
so i m a bit late but i watched ant man . it was amazing and great job ! can t wait for the nd one !	1
i u m going to keller williams at neighborhood theatre in charlotte u c nc dec 	0
jays are now . games back of the yankees for st place . won in a row and david price is as a blue jay ! over the yankees mlb	1
this is going to be a fun years . the makings of the next prime minister . . . george osborne . . . .	1
when they said stoops has been chagrined by rd down problems it sounded like they mean ou having problems .	2
rockets today with new team of asik u c jeremy lin u c and james harden ! ! ! ! watching only st quarter then leaving to and party	0
you know this when do americans celebrate independence day ? the th of july obviously sarah are you sure ? 	1
i d like to see him speith rory amp dustin johnson at least have a shot on sunday . kinda rooting for dj after all he s been thru	0
time to watch naruto til the sun rises	1
perhaps i need a life but i am really interested to see the fec s draft citizens united rules which they ll take up tomorrow .	1
es was . at pm friday . that s where it is now . thus spx indicated to open flat .	0
be nice to everyone always smile and appreciate things because it could all be gone tomorrow ed sheeran	0
hey girls i d love a follow back please please ! i can t wait to see you at blackpool illuminations on st ! love you xxxxxx	1
king bear profound thought for day . is getting drunk and watch the lady gaga videos on monday gay ?	0
 dead americans in benghazi apparently are a lesser tragedy than death of trayvon martin may he rip .	2
it may look like im going to hard to trap music while driving right now but i assure you i m listening to fleetwood mac	1
sept th sunday night football cowboys vs . jets . . . oh boy oh boy i can t wait to see the cowboys ruin the jets opening day !	1
if any baltimore team mascots come up missing st person of interest should be billy cundiff ! or the redskins mascot is taken blame him !	0
tulo and ee back in lineup tomorrow w david price on the bump	0
i want to log against flipkart and moto g rd generation who is given certificate to sell the product in india 	2
magic mike xxl is still playing the awesome simi valley bargain house but the run ends thursday 	1
pray to batman pray to the sun pray to joe peschi . about the same odds any way you spin it	0
the horn free day tomorrow . is it possible ?	1
i ordered calendar from book depository and it arrived safely . so this is my nd time and i can say book depo is looking good !	1
hi my name is andrew i may be a dick but i sure ain t an asshole valentine . how do you do ?	0
vanilla fudge friday nite . tanner park copiague ny . free concert on the water . no mark stein . what an amazing . . .	1
you promise follow me in ? ? ? ? it s impossible that you see this . . i went to wwat in spain july	1
because you know that no matter how shitty you feel on a tuesday morning maite feels shittier .	2
good luck to all my babies taking history and physics tomorrow ! may the force be with you ! make history !	1
may as well bring me back to life just to end my life again because sam smith is doing it instead	0
don t worry i ll just say . . . funny valentine uses the american flag . so there may be similarities .	0
yoga ninjas junior and adult gi jiujitsu starts tomorrow at am ! ! ! don t miss it !	0
rmt is playing bob marley and the wailers sun is shining listeners requests are on 	0
i remember wen i saw u jan i was northern lights in albany and i was way in the back and u waved to me ilu follow me !	0
am just going to be hanging at my mom s for the week . ross arrives the th and we go straight to vegas .	0
by the way when the album drops i m fully claiming invention of it s july st still no new frank ocean album joke tweets the day after .	0
grocery delivery services instacart and amazon prime now to the test in this does it work wednesday 	1
 superkamifantasyguru not likin this zimmer u just said that asiata was demoted after sun . game make up ur damn mind	2
who else thinks that the u little things u video that premieres november nd is gonna beat justin biebers record ?	0
attention everybody if you know anyone in troy that is looking to take over a lease .i will be willing to pay half r all of st months rent .	0
i sang an avril lavigne song for the talent show in the th grade . . i loved her so much	1
ugh had iss today u c gonna have it tomorrow too gay	2
i feel like we need to talk more about ashton s rap in she looks so perfect during the livestream in july emabiggestfans sos	1
badboy putin wont let this continue forever . he may secretly back isis in their call for uprising in saudi arabia	2
i was just stalking nicki s ig and now i have to work out for hours tomorrow	0
rt londonriots is trending rd worldwide . . . . . this is not something to be proud of united kingdom ! ! ! sort it out ! ! ! !	2
denzel washington brian geraghty gear up for one heck of a ride in this exclusive clip from flight ! see it tomorrow .	0
david beckham shares sweet snap as he kisses his beautiful boy romeo on his th birthday	1
celebrity juice tonight pm itv . hurrraaaaah ! its a back to school special	1
ryan braun steals nd and he records his th season of his career . milvspit	1
nigeria friendly against ghana may be on the cards nigeria s super eagles and ghana s black stars may come he . . .	0
 mlb bluejays david price will be the starting pitcher vs baltimore orioles on friday .	0
registrations are open to our controller day in ibm client center brussel on september !	0
watching kevin hart dvd . i will not be going back to sleep tonight . im bouta be rolling .	1
i may need merlin s help secretly of course but i do not know that i have the power to complete the spell myself .	0
topic donald trump question will this be the rd question you answer ? princessvictoriatakesover 	0
first thurs night football in lax and the patriots are playing the jets and the pats are winning perfect ! nyjvsne nfl	1
cate blanchett hammering out the details of thor role gaea mother of thor	0
never break the th comandment of the beast brock lesnar thy shall not intentionally provoke the beast	0
 years ago today sony released the st playstation in the states . we are feeling pretty old in the van today .	1
now watching fashion king . . . hmm . . after the moon that embraces the sun ito nmn ang pagkakaabalahan ko . hooked n ako agad sa st episode	0
synard s simple man morrissey s everyday is like sunday and katy perry s teenage dream give me all the same feels .	0
gay night tomorrow the best night everrrrrrr	1
gary ablett with dreamteam points at half time . . . looks like he may have a big game . .	0
omfgomfgomfgomfg the black dahlia murder machine head dethklok all that remains are gonna be at the palladium in november ! joooooooy 	1
 tech apple ceo apologizes for error ridden new map app apple ceo tim cook apologized friday for the company . . .	2
did you miss hopecity on sunday ? check out this awesome message on how as christians we are counted worthy .	1
i u m at my friends for lunch tomorrow on north road u c did you still want to meet up ? xx	0
everton defender ramiro funes mori could make his premier league debut against chelsea this saturday .	1
reggie wayne has run . of his routes from the slot . he has targets on those routes rd most in the league .	0
thanks so much to all of you who came to the remembrance service on the th . i had a great time and i love . . .	1
reality tv star kim kardashian and her rapper husband kanye west announced saturday the birth of their second child a baby boy . he s	0
jb m amp g be like u may not touch justin bieber u may not look at justin bieber u may not be present in your photo with justin bieber you may	0
the grey and yellow gold wedding puzzle is now up with the first piece being a unique two tone dress by	1
not only should everyone be upset with frank ocean but adele too . she s just now releasing something in november after years of waiting .	0
is anyone going to the vamps on the th of december in new york ?	0
mvc weekly release with playoff scenarios . uca can finish no higher than th and no lower than th 	0
decent woot deals on hd tv u s here till the th via	1
 stated flatly . thor was still a sore point to bring up . you may think that brother . but simply stating that proves you are 	0
i want to go to grand bend for may 	1
monday live interview . scott walker john kasich and the election wiunion wi wipolitics wigov uniteblue	0
sept wear your hulk hogan shirt a lot of support around the world for hulk on this date	0
your arguments may be valid in an overarching debate on dp . too late in the game now for yakub . folks shut have spoken . . .	2
ice cube says it in the movie friday but everyone just says it to say it for some odd dumb reason .	2
how about a little facebook fun friday ! like this post for a chance to win a gift card to dunkin donuts . . . .	1
tomorrow u c the jimmy donn eastbound down pre order begins . only pre orders will be available . and it u s a pretty sick combo pack !	1
liaaam i m going tomorrow to watch wwa make it more exciting by follow me	1
if paul dunne nails it tomorrow then the st placed pro should give him the cash theopen 	0
v p nominee jaswant likely to meet jayalalithaa on august u some of our leaders are also in touch with . . . india	0
who is all going to be up in wrigleyville tomorrow for foo fighters ? !	0
ft frosinone ac milan milan move th in the table while frosinone s struggle continue being th in the league . footballcomeshome	0
yoo u c i got no school tomorrow u c so after work i can get on psn if you u ll be on .	0
justin bieber i can t wait to see you on may th and get ready to see danielle because that s your wife	1
shawn will be in norway the th sweden the and las vegas the that s insane lol	0
going by the last games yes .i think son may bring last season kane back .he under to much pressure .we expect to much of him	1
rise up this mornin . smile with risin sun bob marley ! happy friday everyone . today we have mint chocolate . . .	1
oh yeah ! will be the first one to get it on the th from psn !	1
entourage then going to eagles training camp tomorrow with and	0
check ignition and may god s love be with you ! ! ! moon shot welcome back david wright mets	1
i made the leftover halloween candy last until december ? i . . . i don t know who i am anymore .	2
can t spell star hotshots without the word short . go ant man ! ! !	1
wait go set a watchman is really the st draft of mockingbird ? then why is it being published as a separate novel ?	0
school just isn t happening tomorrow	2
pacino to play paterno in bio film coming out soon . this will mark pacino u s nd film with the phrase u c say hello to my little friend . 	0
mt boehner asks obama to move speech to thurs forget u with or w o u . tues works for me .	0
sharks in nd place on the currie cup log behind the lions . geuss whos last . . .bulls haha	1
iranian general says israel u s iron dome can u t deal with their missiles keep talking like that and we may end up finding out 	2
pro tip don t attempt to visit the blackpool illuminations in a car on the first saturday evening of school half term holidays . gridlock .	2
indirects free bc teen wolf comes back in january nd i want some new mutuals song	1
come see the signing of at the th and wilshire t mobile store in santa monica ! !	1
tgif ! we have a lot going on here at channel this morning . that s right it s friday morning pep rally ! i m also . . .	1
i like sharknado but i don t like the april character	1
okay kerry ! sorry i m not going to see you at the pm news . i m at work but i see you tomorrow morning . have a great night .	1
shawn got up when macklemore sat down and he came over so nervous and shook his hand and said hi nice to meet you i m shawn mendes 	0
they turn the eiffel tower lights off in january for charlie hebdo . . .	0
would your company like to sponsor the rd annual pnc bank nonprofit academy awards ? see attached for details .	0
speaking of king cake u c the st time my mom had some u c she ate the baby . got stuck in her throat and she had to got to the doc to get it out .	2
i dont care bout tour s dvd at this point coz hbo s gonna broadcast u s show in november and that s all i want	1
anyone else just realize it s national ice cream day and wanna join me in starting our diets tomorrow ?	1
long drive too kentucky tomorrow hopefully gonna get the big buck we caught on cam u c at least we got playing in the chevy ! 	1
i want to see brock lesnar f david cameron this november . whaddaya think 	1
rainy friday night in perfect for losing myself in the beauty of the chelsea flower show on	1
celebrity big brother to stage a fake double eviction with a twist on friday metro	0
ice cube has framed craig as an attractive man with attractive love interests in every friday movie .	1
that fourth of july remix thingy in paper towns just makes me feel something weird and good and refreshing like ! ! !	1
the news is bad for her . ergo it may not be presented as the most happy thing for hillary .	0
what was the reason u did not ask questions in the kerry interview sat in silence when u speak it is only to mock the right	2
yes ! tomorrow we u ll see a lot of fancans about this concert mblaq u c cnblue u c after school and others will attend this concert	0
oh god can abc be more obvious ? they keep touting taylor as st female to win eoty x in commercials . give it away much ? vomiting .	2
saudi arabia is over producing to drive down the price of oil to eliminate us competition ! bye bye oil jobs !	2
enter our competition to win a london children u s map puzzle just follow and rt .closes friday th	0
absolutely smashed . up early tomorrow to get to the strawberry by st james u park . fuck the mackems	2
i m going to milan tomorrow omg i forgot ? ? ? ? ?	1
have you heard of bobby jindal ? st indian american governor of louisiana usa . doesn t identify as indian .	0
hillary clinton is one email away from jail bobby jindal washington aug as hillary clinton turned over he . . .	0
see boruto naruto the movie on the big screen pm oct th and th ! anime	0
big brother tonight x factor on saturday ? may have to cut my ears off spoon my eyes out this afternoon then . is there a braille twitter ?	2
so asad isn t enough for kill muslim that s way u invite usa to kill muslims may allah punish you how much u deserve .	2
if chris brown hits the quan tomorrow expect my ass to run and jump on stage	1
it u s so early here in germany u c my american friends are just now getting drunk . off to prague u c knuckleheads ! talk to you on sunday ! czechrep	1
lovely meal with the fam yumyum day four at openchampionship tomorrow come on harris english	1
aww shucks randy orton won the title shot . well i liked the commentary building how he s going for his th whc . raising stakes is neat .	0
ibm warns corporate use of tor will leave networks open to attack aug . jason murdock the use of the t . . .	2
in the pub on a sunday but . . i am sat next to some christians doesthatcount atheist cheersforthethunderstorm	0
what a great st class consultant update today with kirko bangz manager d will ! ! it s about to get all the way . . .	1
going to ed sheeran this tuesday with i m so stoked	1
did they have brock lesnar shirts at the live show on sunday ?	0
go set a watchman the highly anticipated second novel by harper lee is in stock and available for pre order today . pick up tomorrow .	1
hulk hogan may be the only person ever to spout out a racial rant in the middle of his sex tape	2
aside from all this espn bullshit who do you guys think will have a good game on thursday aside from tom brady	2
rousey will now defend her title against holly holm in the main event of ufc which takes place nov . at etihad stadium in australia .	0
shaw sterling ox and kane may have a chance of being top class in the near future	1
the verse of kendrick lamar on black friday . . listen to that shit with a notebook	2
rt for those just tuning in chargers have linked those two games as pkg . to see aaron rodgers nov you gotta buy tix . . .	0
omg jonghyun is following his hyung by giving me nd hand embarrassment feels . xd what are you cnblue dorks .	2
how did you spend your saturday night ? i celebrated beyonce s birthday with her	1
someone should just name niall the th member of sos already	0
this friday ! you don t want to miss this high energy and unique set of iron maiden and judas priest !	1
have a blast friday night i d love to see you in victory lane ! i can t make it but i will meet you soon ! good luck man ! ! !	1
don t miss allison debona from ballet west amp the cw s breaking pointe teaching this thursday at pm sign in early !	1
this may be the greatest internet video of all time . randy orton vs the avengers age of rko	1
 . . .device is also unlocked or a t mobile device you shouldn t need to call in . it may be necessary however if . . . 	0
i know i woke up today and ws like i m going to disneyland in october no matter what so now i am i bought my ticket an hour ago	1
can t wait to see serena on friday !jennifer lawrence looked gorgeous last night at the premier	1
your saturday satisfaction with beyonce irreplaceable irreemplazable zaterdag samedi	1
george is live tweeting during the premiere of sharknado tomorrow ! join in !	1
btw i m excited a new naruto movie is supposed to arrive in the us in october ! and have you watched the aot live action movie ?	1
i m going to be at disneyland on wed if you have time to pop in . xd	1
i couldn t remember if the boys did c mon c mon on wwa tour then i remember shouting out the lyrics when people didn t know what song it was	2
brock lesnar has been announced for the october rd wwe live event in new york city .	0
aston villa fear fabian delph facing long layoff with shoulder injury having been ruled out of saturday s tri . . .	2
did you know today is national hot dog day ?	0
charlie rose with bill joy daniel barenboim march bill joy chief scientist at sun microsystems di . . .	0
 gt top shounen list gt doesn t put one piece naruto bleach and dbz because it s overrated and mainstream gt puts sao in nd place	0
registering for my act u s and sat u s at the last minute i am so tired	2
and yes i know his tweet wad from the charlie hebdo attacks . don t tweet at me and say that s from january 	2
 he keenly feels the loss as thor moves away soul aching at the rejection if things have changed they may yet change gt 	0
american hockey league continues to shut down the root cause of a word money october sports news continued to . . .	0
tv ratings big brother leads wednesday mr . robinson steady ish on nbc the cbs show again tops the night . . .	1
i m in a groupme where we re having an intelligent conversation about kanye west s ankles . happy monday .	1
george harrison here comes the sun live .avi	0
 people left in the world and one of them is bill murray . . .there u s only people . . . . .who u s the th ? ? ?	0
 nd best in luck draft ? rg if u are talking as prospects and russell wilson if u talking about pro careers . lame	2
going to mph a woman u s walk around the . . . at chautauqua community house on mon u c nov 	0
randy orton may be boring but you are a bitch	2
let me just clarify something for the record the burrito stand at th and curtis has the best damn burritos in . . .	1
check out the trip to knott s scary farm on saturday october th !	0
just like the nd coming am moving creepy hot jam	2
i rly hope madonna wont release rebel heart as the first single i mean i rly like it but its not st single material	0
fourcade loses his rd fumble of the day and curtis recovers at the rummel . curtis back in business	0
perhaps they want a rd choice hahaha ! like ben amos at mufc	1
hulk hogan may love red white and blue but he doesn t like black hulkhogan	0
was this media mafia behind the fact that yakub got front page coverage when lt respected kalam was on rd or even th page	2
on the harbor from black friday to nirvana	0
may not know spanish but shit whenever i listen to il divo i just want to flash my scarlet !	1
aged under and keen to become a foreign correspondent ? apply for the marie colvin scholarship	0
i saw paper towns yesterday and i sat next to a person who was just like he looked just like you ! i freaked out a bit . . .	0
 a bee gees tune was on the radio the sun was out and the smell of bacon wafted through the air . guesthouse	0
think dustin johnson needs to take some advice of zach this weekend maybe some divine intervention is what he needs on a sunday uspga	0
as of now no stay on yakub s execution reports so he can still hang on july . larger bench to hear plea tomorrow	0
ah google has her alive on the st june express interview as does wikipedia but . . . .	0
rt wisconsin remember to vote tomorrow ! consider it practice for recalling walker . practice makes perfect . wiunion wirec . . .	1
frank gifford . .born aug to aug . .football will never be the same to me without frank	1
tryna get the gucci foamposites tomorrow !	0
fans . . we play ny this weekend on saturday rfk in dc . nov rd . i can t wait to see all of dc out to support us . love you guys	1
thursday is national hot dog day ! our excitement is beyond words ! ! ! come celebrate with us tomorrow !	1
go all wednesday adams on us with our gorgeous scalloped collar	1
drinking a capri sun and reading harry potter in bed realizing my life really hasn t changed in the last ten years	0
pls rt bolton society for blind people are bringing vegas to bolton with a charity dinner on sep	0
i understand why people may support them but i totally despise ukip . they re racist bigoted beasts nothing average about that	2
just got an e mail from eldora speedway with the kings royal dates july . kingsroyal	0
thursday night adventures . . . brooklyn bowl for maya rudolph performing the music of prince and ?uestlove to follow 	0
have seen deer in dexter so far tonight	0
sony s st teaser package for the launch of the original playstation seems to feature a dominatrix ? mistresssophia	0
hahahhahaha lol its probably cuz im sat here in a green day hoodie . . . . .xx 	1
irish clash tonight . . . big andy versus keano u c c u mon you whitecapsfc	0
loving all the rndm vids too ! will watch the rest tomorrow on facebook after work . thanks !	1
with the st pick in the classic movie lotto u c mark bonnell selects north by northwest classicmovielotto . . .	0
he s competing against brock lesnar in brooklyn new york tomorrow !	1
no . you misread . i m not just talking about bnp . i m talking about the dog whistle racism in popular press . open the sun or mail .	2
tomorrow it ll have been one year since i saw shawn live for the first time	0
washington amp nbsp sen . bernie sanders i vt . on thursday offered a striking rebuttal to criticisms of his anti war views saying that he	1
but why do i have to go to college tomorrow . can i just go straight to .l green bay ?	0
if anyone wants zac brown band tickets for comerica park this saturday we have on the field for each .	1
wright set to start after coming off dl friday david price will make his seventh star . . .	0
boom ! nexus launches sept with android marshmallow in tow this was google s main usp with its nexus . . .	1
the april subplot in gilmore girls is possibly the worst subplot in all of tv history	2
god deals with israel but do you love all yet judge self st	0
dustin johnson plays an approach on the nd hole during the third round of the th open championship at the old . . .	0
one says switzerland swisscom and the other says germany t mobile i think you may owe somebody a big apology .	0
calibraska released for the st time hrs ago now it s out everywhere and on the itunes charts so proud of	1
we will be starting off the night tomorrow for laidback luke and gina turner hope to see you all there ! ! 	1
lol last i heard the st of december but who the hell knows . for bel ami they were going to show it but they didn u t and	0
oml . . . kendrick lamar is freaking amazing . . have you heard black friday ?	1
 black friday deals olympus om d e m mp live mos interchangeable lens camera with . inch tilting oled tou . . .	0
tomorrow is directioners day ! ! please follow me ! i love you guys ! d is awesome ! you are amazing ! i love y all !	1
hey you better have no plans for sep th ! ! that s when shawn and i s comp is in statesboro ! !	1
so happy hisd has no school tomorrow ! no student teaching in the morning ! !	1
zayn is currently unverified on instagram ! it may be due to the glitch .	0
hey idiot . too bad . you have lost . you may have read about the scotus decision ? obergefell ? google that . . .	2
congrats on the book invites to add value from hr . any thoughts you may share about internal communications in google ?	1
hey ryan ! would you consider having on audrey middleton from cbs s big brother ? she made history being the st transgender on it !	0
when mr .craig said sunday night was officially the last day of marching band . 	2
chuck norris has his own school of martial arts of which he is a th degree black belt called chun kuk do . this is not a joke it s fact	1
zayn is part of the illuminati confirmed	0
goldschimdt ? for leading a last place team ? harper ? may not even make the playoffs lol	2
november th at constitution hall idk i guess she u s out lolol	0
zayn will be sat with his mum now probably cooking and talking and annoying his little sisters and i want to be there to see it bye	0
 . gov john kasich says the sun is going to rise in america again no the blood of innocents cries out .	2
today s st debates ! did ne just win the super bowl getting haynesworth ? odds nnamdi signs w jets ! ? can reggie bush help dolphins ?	0
does anyone want floor seats for ed sheeran on thursday ? ? price negotiable ! !	0
so you have to have tidal to see beyonce performance ? i m sure somebody will upload it but tomorrow .	2
taison scores for metalist in kyiv and it s the nd goal i ve seen today that arrives for having the defensive line in the opposition half .	1
were you shocked at how poor sunderland were on tuesday night against a small town from yorkshire ?	2
some men may follow me but you choose death and company why you so speechless ? mtvstars lady gaga	0
i am sad to learn of the death of frank gifford . you made monday night football what it is today . giants nation mourns ur loss . god bless .	0
i guess sp or congress ruled states may create terrorists welfare ministry soon . yakub s wife will be the st minister	2
although his birthday is actually tomorrow i feel like today labor day is bernie sanders favorite day	1
supreme court . gay marriage . kentucky clerk jailed . the rule of lawlessness . today a clerk in kentucky . tomorrow the rest of us .	2
careless world tour hit up places in cali . haha the fuck u c yoo .	2
can t wait until anderson silva taps out tonight	1
dtn pakistan eid frenzy finally over islamabad though the official eid holidays were over on last wednesday . . .	1
i wanted to come to york with you guys on sunday but i m working !	1
the miss usa questions portion may be the funniest thing i have ever seen	1
how mothers day is renowned online floral mothers day also known as mothering sunday is notable on the fourth . . .	0
today s pin august elvis insiders in honor of elvisnight at tonight s white sox game .	0
new phone on saturday ! torn between sony z or samsung a which one would you recommend ?	1
my st fantasy team is the hurt boys . dwyane wade u c dwight howard u c john wall derrick rose .	0
he was even booed at the protest march of ex serviceman for orop .they even said rahul gandhi wapas jao .besharam .	2
poor shawn has no idea what april is talking about ! psychrewatchpjparty	2
every time i don t have anything to do i ll watch the shows i stopped halfway . lol and it s teen top s mta today . p	1
from january jeb bush and two myths about shifting to the right 	0
may have a slight obsession with david wright captainamerica	1
if jeb bush wins by some far chance the flood gate will be really opened and our st language will be spanish	2
last night was the best night out i ve had in ages ! circoloco was class . . on the other side on the way to the lakes for work tomorrow death	1
don t judge if you see me in yoga pants tomorrow	0
when lil kim made black friday she was a villain but nicki gets praised for calling out miley at the vmas when miley barely said anything	0
don u t forget to dine out in savage tonight for paa ! also u c it u s america day tomorrow at the hs for homecoming week !	1
 usatoday first place mets may get their best hitter back david wright went for with . . . sports sportsnews	1
as i walk into all my classes tomorrow can someone play the john cena walk on song okay thank you	1
whereas his remarks praising the ira make the rest of the country vomit	0
i got two tickets vip to ed sheeran tomorrow at the american airlines arena . hmu if you want them	1
the complete stupidity of the wwe constantly kissing up to rousey when she has no say in if she can do mania raw	2
you can come hang out with us . . .incredible art gallery th and curtis ! disney disneyfineart denver	1
stop paying for floyd mayweather s payper views this berto fight is a joke don t buy the fight then he may fight top guys	2
you know when in hat yai when there s no access security there may be people knocking your door late at night offering services 	2
say you remember me standing in a nice dress staring at the sun set babe taylor swift	0
dustin johnson must have celebrated a bit too hard and too prematurely on sat night . he finishes at dropping shots in the final days .	0
we have that appointment w the curator of the dallas holocaust museum tomorrow kev just told me that it s next to the book depository .	0
backed the other ruby . error . each way lucky depends on scotsirish surely quevega won t let me down ? may have a punt on the last .	1
stetson allie hit safely for the th straight game to start his mexican campaign . double and an rbi yesterday for mazatlan .	1
we will cap our fall season with the halloween game on sunday at pm !	1
brilliant result ! ! i think the winnings may go on our phone bill after i u m a celeb or dancing on ice if the rumours are true 	1
 . . .starting in the st half featured players who have not been in the managers plans u c cole u c henderson u c downing etc . . .	0
debuting tomorrow . check back because i m stealing it from rolling stone as soon as it debuts william clark green .	0
kerri will be helping out the families in long beach tomorrow . if anyone has water u c clothes u c non perishables u c . . .	1
paper towns is one of my favorite books and tomorrow i m going to the movie with one of my favorite people .	1
rahul gandhi may be talking utter nonsense but he s passing on a message which people are accepting .	0
are you guys as ready as i am for riri th album . . . . come on november rihannanavy rihan	1
jamming aa u c miss may i u c and black dahlia murder all day rage	0
cup games always tricky . .may b stick a small acca for fun and enjoy the evening with a nice wine bottle 	1
chris evans has been successful in everything he s down amp great viewing figures but young generation may not forgive clarkson axe ?	1
when i worked at nyu my gay italian boss would leave on fridays before day weekends and say see you next tuesday ! to every one of us	0
banana walnut pancakes and a side of sausages . slide up to the counter for a soda fountain sunday brunch . enjoy !	1
its dat time of the year again playoff futbol for our sundays team quater finals tomm we on team curfew rest of playoffs on sat nights	0
 these birds dont buy the sun banner at the carling cup final for mikey dye the lfc dontbuythesun	0
thanks milan a city beautiful happy sunday for you	1
nba league pass is free until the th ! ! !	0
three things i m excited for monday addict dance academy starts the hunger games comes out on dvd and is back with open ! !	1
monday final ratings the voice amp dancing with the stars adjusted up the big bang theory amp castle adjusted down . . .	0
oh goodie that game no one liked about the blind girl hits ps tomorrow .	2
thought the hulk would stay in hiding til the rd avengers movie but he s gonna be in thor s film which is just weird but whatever .	0
hi there . im here on behalf of ira . may i know if you re referring to supersurf ? please be aware tha . . .	0
on sunday the rd of septemer big time movie will air here in australia .	0
check out all of monday u s highlights in with the daily zap 	0
sir maam anything on salman khurshid ? tomorrow he might even beg with pakistan to make rahul gandhi the pm of india	0
that u s me exactly ! hahaha . . . th and th grade everyone made fun of me then it was all edward omg u c jacob lyfe s t o p	1
off to see if tom cruise hanging from the side of a plane is more interesting than him hanging from a train . tuesday morning skive	1
did y u all hear what tony romo dressed up as for halloween ? a giants quaterback ! cause that u s all he could throw to sunday night .	0
i cant see rousey fighting you jan because she s filming a movie after amp u would destroy her face . you deserve the big payday	0
caitlyn jenner may face manslaughter charges for her involvement in a car accident . oh the irony .	2
watchman just informed me about the fact that the sun is shining in case the met dept needs some cutting edge weather monitoring tech .	0
happy friday ! ! stephen colbert sings friday with jimmy fallon and the roots late night with jimmy fallon 	1
drew doughty u c jeff carter to receive heroes welcome thursday london u s streak as the city of champions will continue . . .	0
australian directioners ! igo one direction icarly is premiering on nickelodeon the th of july at pm . how exciting ! x	1
steelers gonna get waxed on thursday without leveon bell and tom brady back for the patriots .	0
awww what a great dream ! ! and it will come true soon ! ! ! pennies on may ! ! be there ! ! wingman	1
how about our allies in the middle east . . . like the rd richest military saudi arabia or the united arab emirates et . al .	0
now playing ice cube friday by tunein buy it	0
cards drop their th straight to niners how many of you stayed past the rd quarter ? how many let alone stayed . . .	0
when mr . david bowie wrote this song i ll bet he took the rest of the day off . happy saturday world ! play nice ! . . .	1
it s that time again friday night lights if u free come watch my gryphons beat gaither tonight . . . .	1
no one should care why jameis may still be the best player in cfb . it s a completely moot point in context of current scandal	2
listening to that kanye west was like staring at the sun . . . for a bit too long .	0
gov . chris christie amp fmr gov john kasich get the final two spots in the fox news debate thursday . gov . rick perry among those left out gop	1
reminder for pca students u c smalls groups will be packing up the operation christmas child shoe boxes tomorrow u c so bring in your stuff !	0
just to be clear . if scott walker wants to end the th amendment that will apply to all persons right ?	0
 bucks to see dethklok u c machine head u c all that remains u c and the black dahlia murder . i may just have to go see this show with or witho . . .	0
one more day . . .tomorrow july rd is national hot dog day ! ! hot dogs all day ! ! ! ! slaw amp cheese extra come and get em !	1
please be reminded that all proceeds from the kickball tournament benefits the th annual i know i can back to school drive aug .	1
 apple to show the iphone s updates to the ipad apple tv and other products today	0
but then the nd half of dark souls shits the bed and dark souls just doesn t care .	2
jack baumann scores again with minutes left in the nd half to make it hannibal over kirksville .	1
i m pretty sure seth rollins is heading out to a saturday night fever themed party after the match summerslam	0
top aquinas football teams of decade chris evans reveals the top gear return date top cyber monday deals on e	1
twitter on sunday in nz is a fucking hellmouth of talking about awful shitty reality tv i ll just watch this grateful dead doc oldmaneady	2
niall s laugh at the end of that snapchat is honestly the nd best part of the best snapchat every recorded	1
for all of the moronic pats tweets calling rex the best def hc in nfl is the worst of em . rd and among many examples 	2
gutted i m missing the cardigan match on saturday ! but more important things to do	2
national hot dog day national tequila day then national dance day . . . sounds like a friday night .	1
i hope sting spends his time at raw tomorrow complaining about how long he had to stand behind that curtain while went on amp on	0
hahaha shut up cupid ! yeah hopefully it does go good and saturday and every other day !	1
kendrick lamar and the alabama shakes both have songs on the list but they re in the bottom rd . top rd ? adele amp someone called fetty wap 	0
since the live at phoenix comicon went well producer san cameraman san and i are partying tomorrow .	1
they shud ve skipped all the stuff abt the chronic amp ice cube writing friday amp skipped to them bcoming cool w eazy . other stuff irrelevant	1
new film series rewind ! starts thursday august with jurassic park	1
when you u re accustomed to the th grade anti intellectualism of fox and conservative radio it must be jarring .	2
may not agree with angela merkel on a lot the fact that the uk refuses to accept a fair share of eu refugees is conveniently missing from . .	0
jose aldo and conor mcgregor are set to square off on december at dallas cowboys stadium . ufc president dana white revealed he hopes to	1
not a trump fan but note this tweet is from january date of the charlie hebdo shooting .	2
do you know who will be with taylor swift tomorrow at the concert ?	1
excuse me while i spend my last saturday of the summer making cds watching netflix and chillin in the woman cave legit crazy woah	0
 movie cate blanchett may star in marvel s thor ragnarok the award winning actress is reportedly in the . . .	0
can t believe chelsea s on thursday and she still looks about 	0
big weekend ahead at maverik center friday and saturday at . oktoberfest specials . saturday is angel s hands night with cowbell giveaway !	1
is yoga on next saturday ? i think the instructor is away	0
hillary said that on sunday to andrea mitchell what are you on a time delay ?	0
tgif . . . for real . . . you have noooo idea how happy i am it s friday	1
buc s dirty up sanchez . what do g men do with th spot ? nfl player agent ryan tollner set to join at pm . . .on till pm	0
am heading to see the foo fighters on saturday but if i m honest am more excited to see u lot at balstock don t tell my g f	1
who wants to be a total babe and get donuts with me every friday morning from dunkin ?	0
john kasich is going to be the media darling tomorrow with his gay marriage supreme court comment . well done sir . gopdebate	1
if i may be so bold the state of the current wwe product can be reflected in the health of undertaker s physical being .	0
just a quick reminder about camilla s yoga class am this saturday at beanies . hope you see you there .	0
j regarde des infos sur ragnarok le film amp bon thor will make it out of the third movie . . loki on the other hand may not be so lucky . 	0
dead on point . u couldn t expect to sweep with verlander pitching . . .now if u get lucky tomorrow its gravy and huge .	2
hey toki u c saw you at webster hall last friday was hoping you would drop gamble on us all come visit us in state college pa !	0
alan pardew apparently compared colocinni to bobby moore . i may fucking shoot the prick for that blasphemy . nufc wufc .	2
is it true that top ad agencies have decided not to give business to times of india for their undue coverage to yakub on july ?	0
i miss barca and i m very happy the match is tomorrow	1
david price on an august rd day game in toronto i ve never been in an atmosphere like this before . gtfoh .	0
yeah on friday i went and saw two movies people bitch about ant man and minions . i had a good time ! hatersgonnahate	1
will be at manly market mittagong on saturday . crows nest fair and kiama market sunday . hope to see you there	0
android . camera app with photo sphere now available for galaxy nexus introduced on monday u c android . bring . . .	0
i m sure are all a bit mr happy tonight seeing chris evans t shirt tonight on tfi friday . mrhappy	1
john cena was the love of my life ok i watched wrestling when i was in like rd grade	1
she may have failed the drug test for metenolone but no trace of rohypnol or ghb were found in her sample	0
gucci unmentionables themselves private matter july prove to be the couple thine unique now gain so industrial . . .	0
who yakub was innocent ? ? good bhai . . may be you must vr judge . .	0
well i m never going to get my xbox back unless i win this bet on saturday	0
and the new tomb raider has been given a release date u c roll on march th .	0
i liked u kendrick lamar the rave eagles club september u c . . . u in the the rave eagles club app	1
got it on pre order now we just need the th hokage and the scarlet spring to get a print release amp the day naruto became hokage	0
andre u s wigan warning coys official site wigan might currently occupy th place in the premier league u c . . .	0
grateful dead jams in the morn make for good friday vibez .	1
naruto may really be the child of god . straight up healing the blind just like jesus did . shippuden	1
was going to play da but man i m so fucking tired i may just go the fuck to bed . but twilight is up to k yay 	0
never have i felt this tired i had more fucking energy on the monday morning if leeds festival for christ sake	2
the sting stuff just being great amp loving how triple h sold the big reveal . . . raw	1
felt privileged to play foo fighters songs on guitar today with one of the plectrums from the gig on saturday .	1
i m coming over hours see you at hype park at london in august can t wait please follow me xx	1
people always forget the fact that shawn achieved so much in the age of like his st single ep and first album all went on charts	1
i am not interested in hayden solving who shot her . but i just sat and watch curtis like everything he said was the written word . lawd ! gh	2
ok this is my pure speculation . owns the cloud compute tech . is utilizing the tech . rd party devs is open to use .	0
ryan braun owns right field . rd home run of the year . brewers	1
alan benjamin n . have you seen these inviting katy perry images ? you may want to see 	0
and shawn just said we can go to the commons on friday so now i m happy 	1
don u ct miss it international stuttering awareness day october was designated international . . . check out new post	0
going home with kayla tomorrow to a typical wisconsin small town . what should a city girl like me experience ?	0
props to for an awesome screen on the green event with jurassic world ! great turnout on a friday ! !	1
 millwall fan group s campaign to end the voucher scheme for trip to leeds united in february see tomorrow s south london press	0
 music news lorde and nicki may have hit the studio 	0
lovely preview in the kensinton amp chelsea news for amici s new show amici drive opens tomorrow at	1
the best mom award goes to my mom for getting me tickets to go see carrie underwood and hunter hayes in concert this sunday ! ahhhhhh 	1
just about recovered from a mad two weeks of events . foo fighters at the mk bowl tomorrow . gonna rock out and recharge !	1
the vp of the senegalese football federation has resigned after crowd trouble forced the abandonment of saturday s home tie with ivory coast	2
going out tomorrow morning u c it supposed to be sunny and cold u c i will take that . kirk is all good for leam xc he emailed me .	1
what was the running bet ? i would get a tramp stamp of stoops face if we won saturday ? ? ? yall would each give me a grand if we lost . .	0
in the words of chris evans . t f i friday . . . . . . . wearecarters amp tonight we party . free entry free shots	1
 raving in hvar in croatia surrounded by massive yachts ! veneranda tonight then carpe diem s closing party tomorrow night ! !	0
idc u c i u m supporting my boyfriend tomorrow . he u s the only boy i look for on the field beast damnright	1
it s tuesday d np moanin yoko kanno ost . sakamichi no apollon 	1
may george bush drink the blood of every gay man woman and child in america !	2
mvp mvp . pitchs and the th pitch to stay alive . he is going to get paid bigtime .and david price wow	1
i think i may be the only person that thinks ahs is actually awful . .	2
sbs popped it into an earlier time slot u c across weeks so i missed the st one maddening ! but watched online was v good .	1
rickrolls rumours and riddles the hype behind frank ocean s new album music the guardian	0
yeah boiii entourage tonight so pissed that there s only epsdes until it ends . oh well on the up side dexter season starts soon . . .ish	1
aaron lennon may have no end product but the run and assist against milan in the cl is what he should be remembered for niceoneazza	1
i have nothing to sat good about a koch or scott walker their interest in cancer is not benevolent ! but causes big c	2
 cold saturday for the kingdom riyadh saudi arabia	0
i want to thank god and ice cube for friday .	1
watching joseph prince . getting fed . u may think it but u don u t have to say it . speak gods words . pastor faith word	0
gabriel doesn t even make arsenal s st team enough said .	2
love this . early sunday morning window shopping while waitibg for the bank to open . lost my e sylvia park	1
they may have but he is down to nc state and baylor	0
prediction for tomorrow iphone c s and s a ipad and a new apple tv with touchscreen controller . applegenius stillnojobthough	1
here s where to get a free hot dog tomorrow on national hot dog day via	1
john cena like never seen before .with this aggression cena will rip apart seth rollins n be the th time champ raw	0
aged under and keen to become a foreign correspondent ? apply for the marie colvin scholarship	0
you are a bitter man ! who brought about the good friday agreement . did he manage that without talking to ira interests ?	2
perhaps this may sound weird but god is really there next to you . george harrison .	1
 . talks about tomorrow s batman stand alone story with here 	1
rugby fest at padang november u c pmtop class rugby action will take place at the padang from friday u c . . .	0
i can t tell you how much i am looking forward to ac dc concert with my son in december . um . . .ok i can . lots .	1
europe spent months trying to crush tsipras . now he has called a snap election europe may find itself relying on success of greece s tsipras	0
 ema massiveaction this sunday at noon in venice beach at rose ave amp ocean front walk on the sand ! free . . .	0
paul dunne is irish not british . i guess bbc will call him irish if he does not win tomorrow .	2
blood moon returns early wednesday and this time it s bigger	1
chris alexander s tv meltdown on pnp last wed . made the bbc s front page on line . he blames media for lack of action on refugees . cdnpoli	2
who cant wait for minecraft . on ios but now u dont have to wait cause it will be submitted at th september day left	1
in other news tune in to tonight at . pm for take with slash gt australian tour goes on sale friday am	0
jason aldean is the greatest artist of all time amp then the bills season opener tomorrow lengendary	1
renewed fighting rocks syria an early morning explosion rocked the flashpoint city of deir ezzor on saturday in . . .	2
come meet members of the dawgs in athens this weekend at the red zone ! friday u c pm pm coach vince . . .	0
when briana was pissed at you and you just kept looking at me like wtf help me out 	2
if you guys don u t have plans saturday night u c now you do ! come down to the rex theatre on e carson st and support my dude	1
jeb bush s new stance on trump bring it on for the second day in a row on wednesday the bush campaign went . . .	0
skinner would love the apple watch will revolutionize education forever stories tomorrow .	1
i was thinking about niall and how he was really cute at and then i remembered his nd birthday is in five days and i can t cope with it	1
anyone interested in a couple of tickets for runrig tomorrow at the northern meeting park inverness ?	1
president u s day is over u c duty will resume tomorrow u c see you all guys at cafe juan	0
the horn sounds and we are through minutes at yost . kevin lohan with the lone michigan goal in the nd goblue	0
ufo sighting black triangle sighting in oranjestad u c on october th black triangle ufo with resemblance . . .	0
foo fighters my hero dedicated to the crusaders last drive . . . . . . . . . . . . . that s what friday night s all about dog ! ! !	1
rock out this wednesday morning with this amazing song by robert downey junior and sting ! the lyrics are . . .	1
completely different milan in the nd half	0
met with ios developer today . we may have a go . 	1
dallas mavericks st round draft pick jared cunningham could be heading to the d league when the season starts source espn 	0
watch them tell you to bring ya whole family to the beyonce concert .	1
i know but it u s ruskooooo ! an richie hawtin is on a saturday	0
travis shaw homers to right and scores bogaerts as sox go up on the white sox in the th	0
don t forget to collect the bills and win free ipod nano th generation amp ck vouchers of total bills we . . .	1
this naruto opening came out while i was in th grade and i went to the restroom just to watch it in awful quality 	0
trump will take of the electoral from jeb putting hillary in the white house . then she will put trump in her cabinet . heard it here st	1
omg people we may not like hillary but wtf leave the kid out of it	2
david price gets first loss with blue jays despite fine effort monday	2
so can u t believe big bang is tomorrow u c this day came way too soon ! at least i can live it again sat .night ! ! 	2
we don t even have naruto tomorrow just khr bleach and op . the negatives outweigh the positives .	2
both teams are off tomorrow and home friday . red sox players probably needed a day to go buy new golf clubs .	0
summerslam results john cena wins his th world championship . following night loses the u .s . title due to a distraction from seth rollins	0
long day work u c g meet u c marijuana march and avengers . all sick nonetheless .	2
 appleevent is about to start ! watch apple s live stream here 	1
we are no longer where we were on january when the rampage began at the offices of charlie hebdo . the war has . . .	0
chelsea amp i are making a list entitled sh t you hear on gt s campus and we just heard our st item	0
 rd round of the pga championship is live on news at . dutch fork s dustin johnson tees off at . usa today 	0
remember when i sat and ate pizza and just like listened to sam smith live in the distance casual	0
starting off our wednesday we have one that isn t posted much . . . bee gees with wind of change	0
discover the business value of your library card wednesday u c september th pm pm harold washington . . .	0
floyd mayweather to fight andre berto in september . nobody cares . either give amir khan or my boy miguel cotto a shot before you hang em up .	2
what the what is this admin . so fearful of iran in st place the deal stunk .	2
this q may seem absurd but what about israel ? o .k . goverment might not like muslims but refugee crisis in their nearby . . .	2
the last episode of friends just showed tonight . its leaving e for comedy central idk what will now cheer me up when im down	2
 million euros gets you luiz adriano to milan however million stg cant get you ross mccormack to sheff wed . absolutely shocking .	0
catching up with hugely enlightening docu the ascent of women . from last wed on bbc if u want to catch up . shows origins of oppression .	1
like we re going to see paul mccartney irl tomorrow ? ? ? ! ! !	0
i hear that hillary s authenticity czar is going on the sunday shows .	2
nothing wrong with that . i was in th grade when episode i was released . i d seen the ot before but tpm is my star wars !	1
that is insane israel going after agricultural crops too ?may be crops are terrorist .	2
a select person keeps reblogging certain set pieces from magic mike xxl onto my tumblr dash . sis . sister . may god bless and keep you .	1
plays lt . joe bishop on the hit new series beautyandthebeast ! ! check it out every thur . c on cw network ! !	0
hillary s passionate about overturning citizens united because she knows st hand what it s done to our democracy	1
the bulls are going to kick the kings asses tomorrow night .	1
the new way to take a dive in cfb . . . .on of the nd amp rd down plays let s run our routes short of the line to gain !	0
 timesofindia .neymarjr may make barca return against malaga coach via toisportsnews	0
i can t believe i saw ed sheeran front fucking row at fucking red rocks and then the nd night i snuck in and saw him th row	1
who wants to go with me to the bhc tomorrow to the meet amp greet with tyler amp catelynn from teen mom at ?	1
nice evening for a little walk . apple watch is telling me to stand up so better listen to it . gettingfat sunday	0
just like me was th most requested on aka today ! thanks for the support ! ! ! ! ! ! ! it s also on flava now !	1
updated ! ! labor day weekend schedule foxboro saturday am heated flow with kerry sunday am . . .	0
first sounds of yea alabama this morning plus nick saban stops by to speak to the band ! very exciting morning ! mdb	1
release parallels access . with apple watch support capabilities on august parallels an . . . virtualization	1
well this is just embarrassing immigrantlivesmatter scott walker and birthright citizenship via	2
twins lose to the white sox falling . games behind idle texas in the race for the final al wc spot . minnesota travels to houston fri .	0
falling sick on the rd day of eid missing out all the fun and joy of eid sad	2
mariah carey s daughter monroe gets her ears pierced see the pic ! via	0
you gonna send me black friday kaofela kendrick killed the tale of two cities remix yong . straight up . 	0
silly will just frank ocean us with that tomorrow story matter	0
 sneak attack by roger sabr causing errors this game for federer . may be it s isner s height usopen 	0
good morning jack . is it possible that spx may go to new highs with this possible rally ?	1
i just want someone i can vibe with amp most of girls expect gucci and michael kors bags . . c mon now let me get a real job first .	0
rap mon and suga sampling swimming pools by kendrick is by far the weirdest shit i have seen	2
super eagles chief coach sunday oliseh has unveiled his team list for the africa cup of nations group g game . . .	0
chiara atik s the secret catcher in g s sips amp scripts tom the gin mill . new play cold draft amp hot tots . c mon you know you wanna .	1
and pakistan calls itself the protector of muslims when on the contrary it s deeds are grossly unislamic	2
nice drive chargers . rivers and romo face alot of same criticism from media romo has the nd best passer rating in nfl history ignorance	1
circoloco circoloco tomorrow get a good nights kip cos tomorrow it s jump off time	1
we need to terminate this horrible deal with iran on the very st day in office but jeb bush refuses ! end of discussion . .	2
sunday morning yoga activerecoveryday excuse the wild hair and no makeup ! ! !	0
if you don t take the risk you may not experience the adventure mariah carey	1
iron maiden are the only known cure to monday .	1
to all my ladies going to metlife tonight may you be lucky enough to have something insane happen at your show ! have so much fun ! xoxo	1
the night matt has a place in ypsi and we are going to state saturday	0
hanging with oomf tomorrow then saturday after i get off work 	0
got me looking at this paper mars rules tuesday and its color is red and nights ago it was a blood moon now checking date	0
any thoughts on lough erne on friday ? looks like my only day off before christmas puttingitoutthere	0
sister accidentally saw magic mike xxl with our mom amp wont take a break from texting how horrified she was to say how it compares to the st	0
modi launched yes day .unified single portal was launched by upa govt under the then labour minister oscar fernandes in feb	0
ok so maybe i m watching for the st time the st episode of the st season of hannibal and oh my lord what is this	1
sony is not anymore first to market with things awesome but are so good at being nd to market but first in value . aqua	1
going to try and install lollipop on my old galaxy note later . . only really gets used as a dev test and sat nav 	0
you may know them as the crazy boys on nickelodeon u c but i know them as my whole world and idols u c big time rush .	0
murray s career is characterised by a pathetic nd serve and an unwillingness to be offensive unless he s playing djokovic	2
i have no idea what to wear tomorrow to the sam smith concert . . need to go shopping but hate shopping . ugh	0
i m hopefully getting the galaxy note tomorrow . been debating on this for awhile now	1
meisha tate might have lost to rousey twice but is still deserving of a rd shot cause she earned it by grinding in the ufc	1
happy monday los angeles ! we are now over k views on our google page . see what all the buzz is about ! cannabis	1
emma stone in miu miu dress at paris fashion week show matching umbrella and lippie we applaud you ! via	1
looking forward to eric church thursday dustin lynch sept th with and conrad . then sdw oct . 	1
this is a christian website and it says ash wednesday . for catholics those who celebrate these days arent christians lol you roman catholic	2
on july could have been poy won majors won playoff events won wgc won fed ex cup had most wins n season did none of it	1
what you mean ? you mean jonghyun and lee joon are sharing st place ? ! ?	0
ok folks ! it s on ! football review tomorrow on wpeh . friday evening is the davis mcgraw tailgate show . then thomson vs jchs ! nirvana !	1
erdogan says he wil call snap turkey election on nov world	0
i was watching age of ultron last night and something stuck out at the end thor says the mind gem is the th infinity stone to	0
dear i m not supporting yakub . i m just supporting judiciary . it will be big political debate tomorrow if nt adrsd	0
when the phillies announce david wright batting th but put kelly johnson s face on the scoreboard	0
when you realize that the twilight th anniversary edition isn t the same height as the original hardcovers 	2
it s friday let s see if jl and sony can resolve the issue . gut feeling is that they will go silent .	0
i guess i u m goin to the marana game on friday with	0
muslims refugees by himself and then by right you could of sat at home and wanked over his pics	2
hamp is calling for a christmas market after the success of the rhode lane opening ! interested folks join us nd at . pm sunnyside up !	1
saw my st volkswagen twat today . take a jetta u c lose the j u c then spell teat u c then turn the e sideways to get a w	0
steve jobs biography may be available in time for the ipad 	0
we have had a few home leeds united tickets returned which are available on a st come st served basis to supporters on the database rufc	0
cm punk speaks with rolling stone on his outlook monday nitro volume on dvd and blu ray and . . .	0
the game is tomorrow at gregory gym . . i ll buy you a snickers .	0
sending my sincere prayers amp condolences to the gifford family on frank gifford s passing . may he rest in peace .	1
biden not sure i have emotional energy for run vice president joe biden said on thursday he is trying to . . .	0
holy shit i just realized my ed sheeran concert is a week from tomorrow oh my god ! ! ? ? ! ? !	1
 tom brady appeared on friday at the rd place in the top of dallas ft . worth s trends trndnl	0
whoever brought about the th grade pop edition of ed sheeran photograph . . die	2
i never left . i been lurking over the tl like sting did on monday night nitro	0
 sure that i m going to have a break down tomorrow at foo fighters lol	1
kanye west may be the only soul i value more than my own	1
as bad as i d like to see jordan spieth win the open this paul dunne kid is something else . can t wait to see it unfold tomorrow !	1
i know for sure that briana s baby is not louis ! he may have had sex with her but she did also with someone else sooo . .m	2
i didn t think this was possible but my apple watch has battery left right now amp i last took it off the charger tuesday around am	1
mexican llws pitcher just let up er in the st inning . sign him up for the gary carter memorial team	0
sting will be on raw tomorrow though so that should set up the taker sting match	1
friday s going to be my break up letter to kanye west . i have been writing it for several months .	2
july is directioners day right ? i m trying to prove to my little sister there s a day for that	0
still looking for one more person to take to justin bieber with me on july th please text me if you wanna come	0
 teens st company failed miserably . when gates amp tried to sell the product it wouldn t work nevergiveup	2
i m telling you one of these brazilians may be lucky enough to put an end to rousey s reign . nunes is an up and coming opponent .	0
racism towards latinos has risen since trump went public with his . white people feeling bolder	2
this friday u c the new film occupy unmasked opens a guided tour of the ows movement hosted by andrew breitbart . . . .	0
as all my subscribers may know in young and now i u m doing youtubablehd trolling so watch my tweets for news about open lobby	0
anyone going to the romney rally in fairfax on monday ? ? really wanna go u c but no car . help ! ?	2
messi has always scored in the st or nd leg of the cl round of since the season ongoing 	1
i just watched sting fucking rek seth on monday night raw im so happy even that girl rekt him fuck seth rollins man	1
ironman . in ballarat december . haven t trained ? do the twilight fun run dec	0
fca is tomorrow morning at in the pac ! we u re doing small groups ! i hope to see you all there !	1
my new sounds i m not the only one sam smith feat . joe budden mr . probz and harry may mashup on soundcloud	0
still bitter about not getting to go to disneyland this thursday like wtf you don t tease that kind of stuff	2
maria thinks harry is gonna leave the band in january and collab with zayn on like albums and then maybe works with naughty boy same	0
coach brian kelly yelling hold the fucking ball after th quarter touchdown by folston nd	0
i do disagree but lets accept it for a moment would you have opposed good friday because of support for ira ?	0
today s apple event can be streamed on a pc only with microsoft edge . interesting . cc	0
jason wu rebecca minkoff on friday u c lela rose u c tracey reese u c zac posen derek lam on sunday some if the shows i u m excited too see nyfw	1
thursday night on kxlu ! get the app for ios or android at and listen !	0
mother kris daddy unknown with three daughters kim khloe kourtney this caitlyn jenner was nd husband	0
day stuck in the taipei airport . possibly going to la to wait out the storm . didn t think i d make it to cali for the st time this way	2
blog pick for doncaster . night in milan and generous ransom the picks in a competitive race	0
please be advised that round of the eastern province special stage rally championship scheduled for the th of . . .	0
heat play the knicks tomorrow	0
guys . . . guys . . . . sunday is the vmas . i recommend you unfollow me now if you don t want tweets about katy perry s awesomeness in your feed .	1
new york mets get big win over the philadelphia phillies monday s mlb scores david wright hit a long h . . .	0
so excited to start up with lax again on sunday missit	1
i m going to paul mccartney ! nd time in two years !	1
the democratic union of madrasha army takes full control in raccoon city . thu oct . after the attack t . . .	0
that practice is from the african athiests and sun worshippers . not from islam .	0
tomorrow is the last day to register for youth soccer youth volleyball and tiny tot soccer ! 	0
sadly the fair at splash dance on sunday has been cancelled due to flooding but you can still get your fix of . . .	2
i want to go to disneyland either tomorrow or monday	1
hi we would like invite u become a vendor the rd annual more info go hotsauce	0
so i u m gonna go see destructo on the th and probs pop some pills cause i slightly miss my raving days . lightshow anyone ?	0
hi corps i ordered two boxes of ant man on july rd and i haven t received anything not even a email . i emailed you guys .	2
i just got paid this week . tomorrow jurassic world is back in theaters in imax for one week . coincidence ? i think not .	1
did you know we are cropping with tammy on friday night ? holds your spot ! patti is making her king cake again . . .	0
eye am going to the ed sheeran concerns and hanging with my mom	1
in arusha for tomorrow s annual toyota cocktail and dinner at the hrc . looking forward to seeing old friends and toyota customers .	1
i may have made a terrible mistake by ignoring the monster hunter series all these years . . .	2
new star wars out tomorrow new david bowie album in a few weeks . we re back in the late s amp early s again ! excited	1
go set a watchman comes out tuesday and i m really excited for it	1
samsung s galaxy note may never come to the uk but if you re a phablet fan that doesn t mean you re out of . . .	0
while game of thrones is set in fantasy world it looks like we may have a real life co . . .	0
happy labor day this weekend . . .or as scott walker calls it monday ! 	1
da way aaron rodgers lookin greenbay may take it again	0
thunderbolt a strong electric blast is loosed at the foe . it may also leave the foe paralyzed .	2
about to go shopping again tomorrow bc the dress i got for jason aldean is not cute forever mirrors lie	2
i m a tory voter . i agree with austerity . we are the th biggest economy in the world we can afford to help	1
foes to city u c hisd u c hcc bond measures emerge . the antis make st appearance just wks b election day .	0
why buy an apple watch when you can get an edgier budget smartwatch by rumor will release in november !	0
watching david letterman with no audience but playing like they are still there is the nd most brilliant thing i u ve seen tonight .	1
bucs play pats tonight let s go tampa bay !	0
mourinho zlatan serie a who are the winners and losers from the cl draw ? thursday s ceremony in . . . retweet	1
can you get more canadian than th anniversary tour across canada in frigid january and february u c including a stop in iqaluit ?	0
i had a nightmare last night where i missed the nd rd of my fantasybasketball draft and they autodrafted me jr smith . truestory lol	2
sipp is facing josh hamilton with two on two out in the th .	0
and u c surprise surprise u c majority of the people u c sat in the window seats u c have gotten off at murdoch . wankers	1
despite rumors that sandy will close down kremlin u c houses of parliment u c it appears we u ll still have classes tomorrow . sigh .	0
what would complete my sunday the patriots winning and the bumblebees steelers losing . 	1
rock s rider hd edition please note compatible with iphone s ipad ipad mini ipod touch th . . .	0
i am advising you as a brother in islam please take this on board . may allah bless you akhi .	1
my tv just told me to go out tonight and be social and stay in tomorrow and have olive garden . mhmm .	0
as i will be drinking excessively tonight i may call one of you to discuss raoul moat gazza	0
i will once again be missing another brookwood event that everyone will be talking about tomorrow because of soccer whatsnew	2
dustin johnson may wind up being another in the long list of athletes with million dollar arm and five cent head . . . hope not	0
underdog holm has less time to prepare for rousey . not calling conspiracy just saying she s not ready . jan was too soon . mma	0
salman you may be a celebrity but that doesn t mean you have the licence to say yakub is innocent .just stick to acting .	2
mets b david wright crushed the ball deep to left on the third pitch of his st at bat	1
gay marriage is not a constitutional right ! not recognized with christians buddists or islam for that matter .	2
fun fact chris christie got to the st tier debate by eating bobby jindal .	1
kanye west september th . . . disclosure september th . . . . guess i aint going to vegas for life is beautiful .	1
i d prob say rd or th . all it takes is team to fall in love tho . see ej manuel amp christian ponder	0
he could become the rd manager ever to win european cups behind paisley and ancelotti and yet still be in his mid s .	1
sat watching the fucking celtic game u c sounds like i u m missing a corker at white hart lane	2
hey everyone ! who u s excited for cosplay casino night tomorrow ? ! it u s in the center for social justice u c at our . . .	1
hold up . . . don t trust the b in apt and better off ted only got seasons each and the big bang theory is on its th ? ? thereisnogod	2
hey sugar junkies ! don t miss our sugar blues workshop with abbi miller holistic nutrition yoga on tuesday . . .	1
kris bryant with another walk off home run in the th even as a white sox fan this is fun too watch . .	1
don t miss the christmas soccer cup !bst vs nottingham university medics football club !friday at pm field forza e coraggio in milan !	0
watching tfi friday the chris evans show d nothing like it used to be . talk about painful to watch . some things are best left in the past .	2
we u ll be skyping khader adnan tomorrow at palestine place pm u c the day hunger striker against israeli . . .	0
 th august the anthem still chokes me up . the flag still makes me proud . gandhi still looks over us . happy proud independence day fb	1
 ff the nw u s finest dj u c on air in yorkshire today u c lancashire tomorrow and liverpool on sunday ! ! tune in and give him a listen x	0
katy perry s game flops while kim kardashian breaks the app store the sun	0
i was tempted to watch the returns at chase with curtis s crew pretty sure i could actually get in but i have to work tomorrow .	0
burgundy wave los angeles galaxy vs colorado rapids game preview on friday september th the colorado rapid . . .	0
yes david price st time in mlb history all home teams won . but you re due for a slump . xox	1
sat here at nearly am with david bowie on repeat . all i need now is food .	1
rare duplex for sale in cupertino with monta vista high ! gorgeous granite slab kitchen ! rent live in ! open sat .	0
i was optimistic yesterday when tiger woods was in st place . .predicting he d finish out of top . should ve been wyndhamchampionship	2
im so excited even though i wont see you til novemeber th . oiershdjkfwle good luck tonight u c kidrauhl !	1
im a jr smith fan hes super athletic so i kind of want him shooting with the nd unit him novak kidd camby nd white or thomas	1
 btg event bridging the gap november fully booked please contact l .s .spence to join the cancellation waiting list .	1
the option should be in windows update . you ve got a month . clean install may be better . . .	0
just be tryna hate on ma nd babydaddy kirko bangz .	2
big apple event today . looking forward to the ipad pro . dare i say it may support a stylus ?	1
hey can not figure out the time of m amp g on january in milan me you might say ? i am panicking ! see me thanks x	2
starting my work week sunday at kfc if i can make it in	0
not really feeling this new season of american horror story . st season were legit it went downhill after that .	2
i hope i get to meet carmelo anthony tomorrow at the knicks rally hopeful	1
 thsk thanniversary the st song bring me to thsk and made me become a cassie is why did i fall in love with you ?	1
happy st james ! hope you re well and hope arsenal treat my oh	1
what s better than beers with ? cold beers on a friday night at zac brown band bros summerofcountry	1
nirvana climbed into the top of the united counties league with a victory at desborough on tuesday	0
christmas times reminds me of working december at the mall at abercrombie listening to mariah carey all the time	1
okay the what do you mean song by justin beiber is good . enjoy this tweet myro it s going to he gone tomorrow	1
we re playing hull tomorrow and arsenal haven t put a picture of the fa cup on the programme cover . chance missed .	2
anyone interested in seeing kenny chester and jason aldean august th hmu my cousin has tickets she can t use	0
stop it nicki said all that behind a smile	0
i m doing everything i can to be there on th february at the legend club in milan cause you re the best band out there	1
um . . .bobby jindal amp scott walker don t love america or its constitution particularly the th amend	2
 ayowaka you did ya thing at hot jam in hartford ct . last monday bsm tripleflife squaaaadddd ! ! ! ! ! !	0
you may not like them together but admit it camila and shawn sounds amazing together	1
malaysia s airasia x to suspend iran service malaysia long haul arm of budget carrier airasia said monday it w . . .	2
i ain u t asking for much u c just listen to atleast the st songs give me some feedback dreamteam full mixtape 	1
brrr sure is a windy wednesday tonight get out of the cold and tune into nurfm s left of centre . we have u . . .	0
finally listened to wrecking ball before i see the concert tomorrow evening ! !	1
got revenge on the mind ? niners host giants in nfc championship rematch tomorrow ! score last minute tix here 	0
we are endorsing the film jurassic world . see you on the lawn at the lumina theater this friday and saturday !	1
questions about becoming apart of lsca ? come stop by our table outside gregory gym from pm this thursday ! hookem l z lsca	1
mishra roy pant hope they don t carry the hindutva tint in judgements . for yakub for life ! !	0
we now just need less than . goals in the barca match and real match to land the fold . i may cover our bet before the last match	0
curtis we be happy to assist with any concerns you may have . simply post details at	1
you re way ahead . . im on blaze of glory . . . rd play though lol ! ! ! !	1
k don u t think i can be there but i u ll try next time but another thing u should try to do is mail monday with fps russia ! lol	2
i ve waited a long time to meet you off the field . . .tomorrow i get to interview you . welcome to ole miss !	1
in your defense u cmy love of dickens u original may be regarded unnecessarily high in my eyes because of the history i have with it	0
lauren u c sweetheart u c how was your day on this wonderful thursday ? . . . . .that better . 	1
john kasich may is just jeb bush from the a different state . he s a mealy mouthed squish .	2
oh gov . john kasich became the th republican in the race on tuesday in a much hyped and then overshadowed campaign launch . nerdland	0
the wednesday ipad edition is out now including tom segal u s pricewise advice and brilliant previews for juddmonte international day	1
luckily the game is the night after on feb so i can spend valentine s with my wife 	1
 tires looked to be a bad decision for knaus . went from dominant to struggling to stay in top in laps . now th just in front of 	2
iditarod check in it u s am ak time u c where are you deedee jonrowe mushes on a swamp as the sun sets . . .	0
i should go to mc and sc game tomorrow u c just so that i can brag on the bearcat and complain about what both teams do .	0
at the first grammy awards u c held on may u c domenico modugno beat out frank sinatra and peggy lee for the record of the year u cwith volare	0
aaah guys it u s friday already in spain where lives . . . i wanna do follow friday now but i have to consider hawaii u s time . . .	0
will there be more trains available tomorrow from haymarket into glasgow due to the foo fighters gig ?	0
how has islam established the greatest intellectual civilization of the world throughout several centuries ? sun	0
historic moment for binghamton ny the sun came out	1
i can t wait to go to the angel game tomorrow vs . the rangers and talk shit to josh hamilton	1
that s why pierrie and zayn are so pale . they haven t been seeing the sun bc they ve been so shady	2
marriner s reffing the chelsea game then ? be more cards than clintons dished out saturday !	0
a response to bad blood may make the album ugly .	2
jeb bush s st name is not jeb . it is john . let s be accurate with news reporting .	0
just finalized advanced ics training course description with luigi auriemma . he will be teaching the friday after s 	0
qatar should receive the same help from hezbollah that israel got from qatar in last gaza war .	0
made it to az in one piece . . . quite the quick drive . tomorrow grand canyon or sedona ?	0
boehner wants president to change speech to thurs instead of going against gop debate . what ? same time as packers saints nfl opener ? ! ?	2
also just want to remind all our band folks the deadline is approaching submit to sxsw get it in by nov th !	0
now time to wank to the thought i will have ps destiny tomorrow	0
lol st off it d be wah zee . israeli start up dev in . . .sold to google maps in for . bil . sonotfair	2
good grief over in italy cars are literally melting in the sun ! not a lexus mind .	0
i love how aggressive both serena amp venus are being off the nd serve return . murray would lose this match !	1
no need to mention zayn here and create another drama . but fuck . what if it s the dmd mv fucckk	2
oh that ll be nice . where you going ? umm think i m going to see inbetweeners on wednesday otherwise free ? hannibal rising ?	1
i stanned kendrick heavy dec feb should i be happy about this and call everyone favs irrelevant ?	0
yeah . its just that the other day my feed was plastered with hate to briana and i did	2
just in apple announced the iphone wednesday at the yerba buena center in san francisco . rumors leading up to . . .	0
dustin johnson will be partnered by danny willett in the final group for the delayed third round at the open championship on sunday .	0
 aprillives no sharknado without april . love a chick with a sawhand	1
don t forget it is youth soccer make up game tonight oct th at the enterprise elementary school field . check . . .	1
found my old ipod from like th grade and am now realizing i listened to some hood tunes for just a kid ! !	1
ice cube is a genius tbf didn t know he actually wrote the screenplay for friday	1
 st work out of the week . . .been sick as fffffffffffff but we are gucci today	0
price i u d take vitali fight david price says he would fight vitali k . . . click st link ! win	0
for the french fan of the tvmovie drew peterson untouchable will be broadcasted thusday october at pm on tf !	0
between sharknado and this panda eating a frozen cake this has been a terribly distracting day on twitter .	2
are you going to watch the nuggets tomorrow ? ? ? ? ?	0
french montana live dc star this saturday labordaywkend s o check it out 	0
it s selfish for vanessa to be competing in big brother she is worth millions taking an opportunity away from some who may need it bb 	2
i tried to tell a coworker that i wanted to bring drinks to six flags and she said i think we may be stopping by dunkin . . . .	0
didn t want to wait until october for boruto naruto the movie so i flew to osaka japan to watch it !	1
two coaches mentioned are now on alabama s staff . that alone will make finebaum worth it tomorrow . oldhabitspawwl	1
coach shawn you re suspended for the game friday . shawn no i m playing . coach you re right play good champ .	0
poor bruce springsteen st swan co opts badlands then abbott adopts the wrecking ball title . when will aussie politicians leave him alone ?	2
text poll since it s national hot dog day ketchup or mustard on a hot dog ? text live ur answer to ! message data rates may apply	0
tomorrow gonna be hell yall . though u c i am going to the golden modes in chapel hill !	0
justin bieber may be any thing that it is very rich and having done just the affirmative .	1
my mum s friend is here and they re legit talking about tom cruise and i m just sat here like . . . . . . . .	2
on the blog tues meme like this u c try this via featuring pretty little liars u c unearthly sabrina the teenage witch	0
the takeaway from tonight s game the colts run defense was huge . and curtis painter rightfully owes us all us especially a big finger .	1
think we u re going to struggle no end on monday with no colo u c krul and tiote . those three are essential defensively nufc everton	2
next tuesday night it u s man city v ajax on itv followed by us election night that goes on till am . good job i don u t have uni on wednesday	1
predictive analytics with azure machinelearning nd ed . now available .	0
it is predicted that the winter classic and the all star game will be cancelled this upcoming monday	0
george clooney may cast u artist u star jean dujardin in his next film u the monuments men u . us army team chases down art stolen by the nazi u s	0
like if you u re proactive about your health ! don u t miss this sunday u s live google hangout about genetic . . .	1
for everyone going to digi tomorrow have a amazing time and please give nash the biggest and tightest hug ever	1
really enjoying the emmy s tonight while doing some homework . hi lites so far melissa mccarthy steve levitan s wife jane lynch rocks !	1
you better be using a raincoat or an umbrella rack or kiryu s finest may throw you into prison for life !	2
tomorrow is another big day in the tech world ! i m guessing a new upgraded iphone ipad and possibly new os !	1
 .exclusive .united targeting anderson and kane on deadline day but sources reveal united may not risk flashing out big deals on deadline	0
ich habe ein positiv bewertet sting saves randy orton from the authority wwe raw march 	1
seth rollins may have broken john cena s nose but cena won the match and made rollins tapped out ! smackdown cenation	0
definitely going to go see annabelle tomorrow night by myself in brenham idc .	1
personality conflicts may have led to three top jeb bush fundraisers leaving the campaign but they are still working with the former	0
in th grade i was introduced to the book twilight and that s the only book that kept me out of my world .	1
right now don t have any for the weekend . by tuesday heading to ac dc concert and then nyc !	1
did david price come out for the th as a righty ? price lowe bluejays	0
hillary has got get it together by october cuz u know whomever d repub s nominee readyfortheshow ! !	0
i may have gone to an australian bee gees tribute show because of the barry gibb talk show . . .	0
nothing like eating pizza watching john cena wrastle with the roomie on a monday night	1
i wish stevie tv was on i u d be laughing right now u c well u cpandora it is !	1
where will arsenal finish this season ? th . of voters agree with me .	1
collapse without them . and the selective morality of christians and right wing nuts are buying into this . from him ? ! ? c mon . . .	2
happy nd birthday prince george hope you have a great day with your mother father and baby sister love you all xoxo	1
chris bosh may be the ugliest man alive .	2
so i might go to the selma vs . kingsburg game tomorrow 	1
p .diddy gave justin bieber a lamborghini for his th birthday more than he has given to all the starving children in africa .	2
are we idiots to not know that islam is a totalitarian satanic political cult which doesn t merit d protection of the st a	2
we consulted only time enjoyed the last time to justin bieber than they may comparatively cold ham and the arrival of a	1
seems iron maiden may be on the cards as well	0
reminder paul mccartney tix go on sale monday am ! everything else you need to know for his buffalo show 	1
i should u ve worn the concords tomorrow . . oh well .	1
can t watch for the st time ever i am at ihop	1
i may be the only person in pottstown right now	0
bitch sakura tryna tell my nigga the th bout how she want the d . but my nigga naruto graduated . he aint got time for ya games bitch .	2
hel o kids on thursday please be ready to hear the john cena theme every time i enter a room	1
love the iditarod ! used to do huge project when i taught st ! even went for start one year ! can u t wait to see what you did !	1
 goals by ricardo olivares in the st minutes of the game assisted by ian bennett then logan chaucer	0
david price should not have been pitching in the th . they can t get a outs from the bullpen ? yankees jays	0
bella thorne is at disneyland and i m going the tomorrow not today wtf .	0
i ll come for the faculty exhibition on tuesday . . and i m like most of the time in uni after pm in cit building	1
former be man gives gov . scott walker a gift last week tuesday engesser met up with republican presidential can . . .	0
sam harris isn t liberal . he may think he is but that s the same as bill maher thinking he s funny .	0
since et went via bkk and has th freedom rights which can load unload pax u c it u s a indirect flight .	0
going to see jason aldean tomorrow with the best friend . kinda very excited . 	1
kendrick lamar with big sean alright live nd annual tde christmas toy drive concert via	1
first of all relax smh . nd he s supposedly linking with thor	0
using this tomorrow ! practical ed tech tip of the week create a random name selector in google sheets via	1
happy friday everyone ! coffee is on and don t forget we are open late tonight for all you byo lovers ! 	1
the black friday remixes by kendrick and cole are the exact reason i can t wait for their joint album	1
holiday to the eternal city is booked . fly out early december . hoorah .	1
u live under a blood red sky by u was no . in the uk album charts on september 	0
thanks to for the chance to win month xbox live gold ! progamecards winxboxlive	1
well moose is in luck because tomorrow at wwe summer slam undertaker faces off with brock lesnar and omg i can t wait .	1
 jummamubarak to all muslims may allah forgive us in this holy day . . .ameen !	0
republican frontrunner donald trump said thursday he s pleased he ll get to debate with carly fiorina at cnn s . . .	1
and i m still wondering where the fuck frank ocean is	0
inter milan transfer rumours players linked to the san siro in january inter milan have started their new . . .	0
jessica is bringing me dunkin tomorrow who s the real mvp ?	1
when ostrovsky finally addressed the charges dismissed kane did claim one victory monday a pacific standard partner site .	1
is shawn gonna be on michael and kelly tomorrow or is it a re run	0
 news playstation network maintenance on october services going offline u c possibly to make way for the new ps . . .	0
hey at least since the girl scouts stood us up we can have a productive concert choir day tomorrow . optimistic	1
why is the game evolve only available until monday on the xbox one ? why don t you just give it to us for free ?	2
going to the album signing on wednesday at hmv in newcastle any one know if you go to the same place for the wrist band xxxxxxxx	0
jonathan grimes grimes u c who was claimed off waivers by the texans on wednesday u c nfl hou	0
da bulls will be good until drose gets back . . .i figure they will b a solid th seed when he returns	1
saying you came in rd on big brother is just saying you spent months not working for no reason at all .	2
it s crazy how i swore up amp down that ant man would stink but i m excited to see it a nd time .	1
where as you find these muslims blocking roads in busy mumbai suberbs on every friday for jumma ki namaz ! why ?	2
let me guess u crita was just another one of your fictional callers ?amazing how the call became political . . .c u mon !	2
 he u s got quite the backup ! george harrison playing here comes the sun via	0
i just watched sharknado and it wasn t the worst thing i ve seen by a lot . i think i may have to reevaluate my life choices .	2
 video george harrison living in the material world . released november 	0
right ? even if he wasn t the target he s on the block amp it s big brother c mon . bb 	2
took down all my disney star posters and twilight about time so i can put up all the hp ones i got today from a poster book posters 	0
tom brady gone get it tomorrow hopefully he ready	1
looking forward to the leeds united game tomorrow on sky sports at 	1
hearing ksu talk about wvu like this gets me so heated ! i want us to go orange bowl on them this sat	2
i m going to ihop tomorrow idc denny s is nasty lol	2
foo fighters tonight and tomorrow . i m gonna have myself a foo king great weekend . . . and i hope you do too !	1
 daily independent cech set to leave in january atletico madrid has joined roma and real madrid in the race . . .	0
dumbass christian thought valentine s day was on the th . . . bye	2
i u m thinking of an outfit like nick the lounge singer bill murray from the old old saturday night live . maybe a sherbet tux ?	0
while at it please help end discrimination against muslims the right to kill non muslims in america .	0
carly fiorina may not ever have served in elected office but she s prolly a better politician than most of the gop field . forwhatthatsworth	1
just finished a great photo video shoot for a nuit blanche fashion exhibit . it ll be on display at the pantages hotel on october st .	1
look at ps it gives mem leak with a title id request if i m correct on ps mobile app . we may find something .	0
or tomorrow i don t care but i want to watch ant man	0
june th is now and forever going to be matt cain day in san francisco . and they gave him a key to the city . wow . sfgiants	1
james murphy may produce the next arcade fire album via	0
lamar odom u s career may be just done . he u s not in shape after skipping the olympics to get in shape . he may just be declining	2
been in alliance for quite some time and may be to counter saudi arabia . qatar had recently agreed deal with iran .	0
thinking curtis may not be happy with contract offer and trying to stay uninsured so he can move can t blame him 	2
pls tell dale jr and the team that they did great today . love them lots from bama .	1
cool cdnpoli rt call the hospital in iqaluit press for english . experience an aboriginal language as st choice 	1
save the night u c save the day . save the love u c come what may . love is worth everything we pay . tebaklagu duet barat clue u c ost .nya zorro 	1
if eid falls on a friday is it obligatory to pray the friday prayer ?	0
let s go easy on the pigs . i just can t stand the sight of harper . it s the st century . . .can t we teach robots to love ?	2
can i just wake up tomorrow and find justin bieber under my tree	1
reuters top news hollande and tsipras want greek bailout agreed in late . . . newsintweets	0
i m conflicted . i don t particularly like the sun or david cameron but i always enjoy a david bowie pun reference .	2
janet street porter shocks viewers as she calls two year old prince george a cross dressing millionaire emm	0
best email of the day amazon informed me my copy of go set a watchman will be here tomorrow ! yay ! days earlier to literary heaven !	1
oh an i also picked my starting xi for the st bangla test on site . couldnt decide between fidi an tino ! i like fidi tho lol !	1
i m watching the first half until big brother . it s like the th string players at this point .	0
 castleberryisd th grade ipad deployment going well ! students are excited !	1
 the pregame u state of the union u vuu vs vcu . . tomorrow night at mansion ! 	0
good luck then ! i d love to go to london but i m from spain and it s a wednesday work so i hope i get tickets to milan .	1
uber pumped about fca breakfast tomorrow morning in the cafeteria ! ! be there to fellowship u c learn u c and eat some free food ! rt	1
jo konta s win over muguruza was the longest ever women s usopen match amp the st set alone lasted as long as federer s entire match ! woah !	1
he could but harper has been a freak all year and votto s st half wasn t amazing .	2
i need everybody to come out to the video shoot tomorrow and support club crucial 	1
saw your concert at san diego county fair on june ! ! ! i loved it ! ! you guys were amazing ! ! ! ! !	1
if j .cole and kendrick lamar don t realease something february . . . .i m going to be really sad .	2
big inning for the white sox . that error by alexei ramirez that allowed a run to score in the top of th weighing heavily right now .	1
fabian delph loves a tackle and i can see him coming out from the start with some fouls . fabian delph st player carded or anytime	1
arianators please help me . i u m a girl who u s body is very sore and just asking for ariana jennette u s goodluck for tomorrow . please 	2
someone go see jurassic world with me tomorrow . you pick the time . going to colonnade .	1
safe travels to my bearcats as they travel to topeka for their game with washburn tomorrow	1
dtn usa lexus takes the wraps off its mysterious hoverboard this lexus hoverboard may not be the back to th . . .	1
exciting weekend . kitchen being fitted today foo fighters live tomorrow . iggy pop and royal blood supporting is the icing on the cake	1
all film critic beware peter travers of rolling stone is losing his staff position in the mag . are we still needed ?	0
i can t wait for ed sheeran tonight omg like i knew about him before he was famous and went to his free concert when i was in th grade	1
i u m with you on mass effect . thats goty for me so far . still waiting on my other two u c but one may be persona arena .	1
dana white will lose a rd ufc meal ticket within a month tonight . rousey vanzant mcgregor betonaldo ufzzz	2
what could have made sunday even better for champ nick watney ? the fact that he u s a huge fan . worldseries	1
don u t forget the classical brit awards at pm tonight for a special appearance of the th anniversary cast of phantom for th bday ? ?	0
what are you doing tomorrow night ? ? come along to this and hear from one of kony s wives abducted as a young . . .	0
ok so can we all go to milan next friday and be just as hype ? ? ?	1
chillin in traffic listening to wiz . taylor allderdice is my favorite mix tape of his . actually it may be in my top period	1
from the clerk in gay marriage fight back at work friday or monday office to grant licenses in her absence	0
i have already showed them the first episode of naruto and yugioh . this may not be a hard hours after all	0
literally just sat in my car and listened to justin bieber for minutes it was the best minutes of my day	1
national hot dog day with the morning team starts at am . tomorrow is national tequila day . . .but not at am at work .	1
there you go vermalen . you don t clear it and disaster strikes especially if van persie is in the area . manu up in the rd minute .	2
israel photo new shekel banknote enters circulation tomorrow the bills will be available at commercial banks	0
going to the giants panthers game december at metlife . the cam newton jersey returns !	1
hard movie to watch about an ira member who starved himself to death in protest while in prison . he may have been . . .	2
i ll be glad to see peter robinson resign he will be remember as one of the traitors who has sat in govt with the ira . . .	2
 billclinton was mr .miyagi tonight ! let s see how danielsan obama does tomorrow ! dnc 	0
u proved to be a better scriptwriter than shazia ilmi . ramdev will end fast or move to ramlila where he has permission till aug	1
who wants to pregame the donald trump rally on wednesday	0
i feel you man i feel you but it s chris evans who ? every time brendon urie or doshua jun makes an appearance in yo mind	0
i will be participating in a google hangout with tomorrow ! i u m super excited ! check it out 	1
similarity between mohandas gandhi amp narendra modi have you seen dandi march video clips ? both r working through fast pace	0
calling all progressives help us reform the welfare state george osborne 	1
two american staples celebrated in one day ! today july rd we celebrate national hot dog day as well as . . .	1
do we know who is gonna play bass for daughtry on the tour with doors down see you again on dec st in binghamton ny	0
winter storm watch for pocahontas county . sunday night through tuesday evening . inches of snow possible with more in the highest elev .	0
excellent performance tonight from looking to see you against arsenal next sunday	1
ira you may have said but what came of year old man who confessed love from the heart wants what it wants 	0
just the fact that he has the title ambassador should be cool factor enough to make you come see jon huntsman on wednesday at pm !	1
 overhears a conversation about john cena are you ready for this sunday night wheb john cena defends his title at wwe suuuupppeerrr slaaaam	1
football . auburn football practice report the th ranked auburn football team worked out in full pads for the . . .	0
its slow and not very good just weeks in and then they stay the rd episode because of labor day .	0
carly fiorina is right and cnn and the rnc are wrong 	2
teresa may boris johnson or george osborne any of whom wld make great pm the sooner the better it wld be nice to have teresa at the helm .	1
and the th is star wars day d	1
a cape town woman died on the eve of her st birthday when she was knocked down on the n highway the cape argus reports today .	2
you as well . people say they don t think ima make it until the nd . it s crazy how me you and lexus is back to back .	0
meet the dragon u s den at social media week in vancouver on sept 	0
just unloaded jimando at flemington u c fighting fit and ready for the derby tomorrow ! bringiton	1
eh em . . .attention ! true blood is on tonight oh yeah ! sink ur teeth into it ! lol	1
if you are in helsinki and is going to skiexpo on friday or saturday look out for this t shirt .	0
wearing an iron maiden shirt from the th grade because i don t have anything else thats clean nice	1
by now this should not be a shock to anyone floyd mayweather still believes that he s the greatest boxer of all time	0
why does my bus driver have to start driving before i m sat down and me make me look like madonna at brits award	2
got the new job i ll b leaving for ohio june th	1
huge difference isis is killing innocents on the other hand saudi arabia kill accused people	2
playing a scramble event at knollwood tomorrow let s see how the steady eddy will hold . . .	1
david wright with a run scored for st . lucie tonight . they are trailing in the th inning .	0
i liked a video george harrison here comes the sun subtitulada 	1
this season of big brother is absolute garbage . if austin makes it in the finale i may throw up bb terrible castsucks	2
just seen you live at the enmore in sydney . amazing ! ! ! ! ! best solo gig i ve ever seen . are you at bluesfest in march ? ? ?	1
if you are not entertained when turning wwe on a monday night then there s something wrong with you . brock lesnar . i agree .	1
any news on tickets for the eds v juventus game next tues please ?	1
friday afternoon trip to the mega liquor store is about as close to nirvana as a something guy can get	1
what on summer superstar spectacular presents legend a tribute to bob marley every wednesday through the su . . .	0
if you thought the london riots were bad just wait til the mexico city riots break out once they get word lopez tonight got cancelled	2
i u m pretty sure if someone said i can give you a cute boyfriend or free olive garden every saturday that i u d choose the garden noshame	0
driving from milan to lake como tomorrow . positively shitting it that i will go the wrong way round a roundabout .	2
set up a harry potter surprise for my niece s th birthday and it looks pretty cool	1
derby tomorrow night with my girls and off to sleep now night twitter 	1
and it all ends with sting ! monday night raw was absolutely way more better then summerslam . stingvsrollins rawbrooklyn	1
how will adding tijani babaginda to the backroom squad improve sunday oliseh s super eagles 	0
retirement moves little known ira shift may save you money	1
my th time playing thinking out loud by ed sheeran . i love this song so much it s one of my wedding songs	1
tgif folks ! our friday faces look exceptionally relieved to see the end of the week ! wcvb	1
finally going to disneyland tomorrow idc if it s gonna be packed	1
colts backup qb curtis painter warming up . this could be it for kerry collins who may have a concussion . nfl colts	0
it s mexican ! sorry for the late answer ipad charging fucked me yesterday d	2
i have don my login for the st and it won t let me have my randy orton	0
 obma fails unite us u c he divides us by sex u c color u cparty u cage u c wealth nevada u s st latino governor votes early for romney u c predicts gop win 	2
headed to baylor homecoming tomorrow with my baber . should be fun even without rg !	1
see traversive territories until it s too late ! on view now until september . free admission sponsored by ibm . . . .	1
nadal has not played since june u c when he lost to czech lukas rosol u c u c u c u c in the wimbledon second round .	0
 unionjfollowme i have maths all day tomorrow mon and maths gcse on tue then another maths gcse and friday a hr english exam	0
 imnotsuperstitiousbut i have to watch sharknado tonight and sharknado and the premiere of sharknado tomorrow . syfy	1
well i ve finished my teen wolf watching for the night . continuing again tomorrow when i wake up 	1
i just sat through a whole naruto theme song and now i wanna punch my ears .	2
kris bryant was removed from tonight s game after fouling a ball off his foot for the nd straight night . cubs say its precautionary up 	0
but ! murray takes the tie break in the rd set and we ve got game on !	1
just watched finding your roots for the st time a fascinating show on and apparently ben affleck amp matt damon are distant cousins !	1
the first one is always the hardest . way to go thor ! ! looking to tie it up tomorrow night ! lgm metstwitter	1
it s star wars day at the game on wednesday ! win movie tickets t shirts amp more ! gt gt 	1
little by little the australian way of life is being diluted . there may come a day to celebrate xmas amp easter will be considered offensive	2
dear i need you to come to neb in feb so i have someone to go to the outdoors hockey game with me . ninja	0
he will not leave during the season . . you real madrid fans won t give it up lmao	0
spending the rest of the night with indy . what a guy ! star wars weekends tomorrow ! ! !	1
no don u t ! i have to fit into a tomb raider costume next wednesday ! save it for the cakecrawl !	2
camila may be on niall s instagram but i m on harry s instagram in his baltimore picture . kind of just gonna say i m the winner here . 	1
not too surprised from onechanbara . . still temped to buy it as it would make my nd ps game .	0
fuck everyone else dexter is my friend tonight . bring it season 	1
brock lesnar is surprised by the return of the undertaker raw feb . . . . via	0
i apologize in advance if any of you spot me in malahide s pennies tomorrow . uuggghfghfgd	2
how cnn may keep carly fiorina out of the next debate anyway hot air	0
i m just gonna have to find a video audio of zayn s performance tomorrow	0
that may just be the most shocking moment of todays appleevent doing a demo on the new ipadpro . . . . .	1
are you going to be at metlife tomorrow ? ?	1
chuck norris was born my th . . .the nazi s surrendered may . . . .coincidence ? i don t think so ! chucknorris whoisrobharris	0
it s mean girls appreciation day ! it s october rd ! that s the day aaron samuels asked me what day it was . . .oh i . . .	1
 dylanknows wednesday pm talking harry potter with of focusing on book one . should be fun !	1
 pitches in the st inning is not david price like	0
starting to think it may be acta now u c but having a guy like hentgen would be great	1
i can t believe queen latifah came to durham last friday had a dinner and dancing event at the hilton hotel wtf ? i woulda went !	1
afc s top running backs to meet on monday night football arian foster and le veon bell are the afc s top two . . .	0
be sure to watch cougar town . it u s friends minus all the best actors u c plus wine ! coming in january . right after shovin u buddies 	1
bay area heads ! i u ll be on the piano at yoshi u s san fran this sunday playing with the one n only dwight trible 	0
whether or not you agree with iran s fm it s a good piece of writing . love petro fuelled perversion of islam .	0
david beckham and gordon ramsay were spotted attending a major league soccer match between la galaxy and the seattle sounders on sunday .	0
i don t know what i m more excited about starting a new hub project seeing ant man or charlie coming home from greece tomorrow . . .	1
well played at sumer slam seth may win the game but the real champ is here john cena	1
we ve got to wait until wednesday night here in the uk for the hannibal finale yet i ve pretty much seen it all in gif form	1
i get to see the love of my life for the th time omgjsjsnznz niall	1
nfl legend frank gifford passes away at . most will remember him on monday night football . did you see him play ?	1
monday merica monday tuesday disney takeover day wednesday crazy hair amp sock day activity day thursday halloween day friday spirit day	0
thursday night didnt know we had to enrole during the nd year aswell ?	2
check out become the sun at bluesfest on the th . drummer had had reattached years back . they need some ink and love !	1
caitlyn jenner s february car crash sheriff says she violated manslaughter law put he she in a kennel .	2
 smdh . . see how shady america is . . st they were pouring out love for caitlyn jenner . . now reading all the hate filled tweets . . pathetic	2
i watched sharknado today . watching the nd one now .	0
i would have enjoyed edge of tomorrow more if tom cruise had to start each day by re spawning in the bathroom of a bubba gump shrimp .	2
what a great day speaking of sunday . . . had an amazing youth service at upper room milele forever ministry !	1
can u t really remember but i think it was capello u s nd and we started with or wins and ended with chimenti	0
overturn worth an each way bet tomorrow in the champion hurdle nodoubt	0
tomorrow is my day ! national hot dog day ! here s where to get a free hot dog via	1
 pagasa am intermittent light to occasionally moderate rains over southern portions of negros u c cebu bohol may persist for the next . . .	0
 chrisfanatics unite ! be at the smart araneta coliseum on oct for the artistaacademy grand finals ! teamchris	1
daniel descalso robs kris bryant of a hit to end the th for the cubs	0
beautiful flat meal cooked by the lovely topped off nicely with half a tub of ben and jerrys . diet starts tomorrow ! fatties	1
don t miss carmen on the th episode of airing tomorrow night c on the cw network !	1
my day was just made ! julie coming up in the clutch with zac brown band tickets for friday ! daymade shortweek	1
brilliant brilliant brilliant . wondering what to do for halloween ? lensa nails it . friday night via	1
biu was on friday reinstated and statutorily retired by the psc yrs after dismissal for aiding the escape of boko haram kabiru sokoto .	0
can u t wait to go to the wvu vs . tcu game on saturday	1
watch van gaal play de gea in the champions league so real madrid won t sign him in jan . . . . . dickhead	2
anne curtis and toni gonzaga u c all set for the grand showdown of beauty and talent this sunday via	0
rt sotswithpopstar i love all the artists but shawn may be my . . . 	1
il divo u c the classical crossover quartet live in istanbul september .great music in a wonderful concert area .	1
under sexysocialism david cameron amp george osborne will undertake the st manned mission pluto .	0
if someone takes me to carrie underwood next thursday u c i will love you forever . nokidding blownaway	1
make a change . . .start your day with a morning yoga practice tuesday am committoyourpractice	0
concert in dallas was a success tonight ! t was very hot tho ! church in the a .m . then back to detroit !	1
while the bailout deal was finally agreed it looks like poor tsipras the saviour of his nation may be the casualty of all this	0
no they wouldn t . nor would millions of christians want the rd world crap holes they live in .	2
yay ! ! ! we are front page on will ferrell u s funny or die for the th time ! check it out ! . . .	1
it was a wild night at jazz at the bistro . amy schumer amp cast dug our nd set amp had a comedy jam epic !	1
the wolf is howling as the eric church concert is thursday night at the fair ! ! we have more tickets ! listen tomorrow afternoon with skip !	1
boss confirming that vettel will be released on the th november thus missing the two day test on november th and th .	0
ice cube song today was good day wel mon only thing we know souix wak hunk terres nel kota can dia gila	1
morgan state hampton univ go head to head at the nyulclassic on nov yankee stadium ! we u d love to see you there !	1
july reuters the apple watch will be available at stores of best buy co inc the largest u	1
open lobby all day tomorrow !	0
i love the banner that was unfurled in the united end last night . it read chelsea standing up against racism since sunday 	1
caitlyn jenner fears she may have to serve in men s prison revealing she . . . 	0
booom ! winner ! white sox vs . royals over . units buy day package get labor day monday free ! save !	1
 tech news apple s iphone event join us wednesday live blog the lam research theater at the yerba buena center for the arts in san fr	0
mike shannon it s grateful dead night on wednesday . who s grateful about that ? . stlcards	1
mark montgomery u c david adams and austin romine have been selected to play in the arizona fall league rising stars game on sat . yankees	0
watch our stunning display of lights at twilight christmas . book now for the th 	1
sanctions timed so that iran will hardly profit from oil sales they may kill of the arabs tho far better than money	2
what will happen if and when the outcome of the election is unfavorable for erdogan ?	0
gemini waxing sun in your st house think about arsenal s great show of character	1
man united s equaliser today was superb . hopefully we ll be seeing many arsenal moves like that with a shot at the end ! this season .	1
if there is a silver lining this shows lvg if we dont buy anyone b tuesday we is fucked ! ! fuck it i would take zlatan ! !	2
i saw paper towns on friday with some friends and it was amazing ! it might have been different from the book but i absolutely loved it ! ! d	1
 who all going to the berkmar game tomorrow ? meeee	0
harry kane and barkley are the most overhyped english talents going . nd season syndrome for kane for sure	0
saw at last kung fu panda yesterday with my cousins 	1
if robbie keane score goals tonight i may like him .	0
sunday s national ice cream day but celebrate any day with our housemade sorbets ! what do you want to try next ?	1
floyd mayweather has caused outrage with his top boxers of all time . . . ali is only th . this is ridiculous !	2
he cut kevin and jacob u c did he tell u there u s practice tomorrow	0
brian kelly is angry finds a way to pull qbs head out of his hind end amp the irish march yds for 	2
hey are you trying to meet shawn tomorrow ?	0
marseille president vincent labrune met with erik lamela s agent on saturday in milan also deals with ocampos	0
retard you don t take hspa until march cause you re a jr	2
why sami khedira is the piece ac milan are missing carlo ancelotti may not be coaching ac milan anymore but . . .	0
aw ok cool . .i u ll know where i u m going hopefully by feb or march . .signing day ! !	1
agree with st point and i can t stand kane or blackhaws . i detest slander .	2
this may be an unpopular opinion but i think that ever since the grammy s snubbed kendrick the first time they just throwing awards at him	2
halloween karaoke x beer boss new girl from hr x more beer costumes microphone wednesday at the capitol .	0
bro i fucks with the bentley we took it out friday shit was slidin	0
is it friday yet ? the capital home and garden show starts this friday ! come see us at booth 	0
should we not be trying to talk to is ? if we hadn t sat down with the ira we would still be losing lives in ni .	2
and who had maidana fought before the khan fight ? hahahaha and he lost to devon alexander in february who is shit also ! clueless	2
at the greensboro comedy zone working on material i might use tomorrow during the nd round of the ultimate comic competition	0
tomorrow is friday . you know what that means ! we ve got a lot to look forward to the new bullet for my valentine . . .	1
top most searched for back to school topics the list may surprise you backtoschool	1
grandmom s pennies will be on vacation july to july . monday wil be the last day to purchase from etsy until my return next tuesday .	0
please join me in welcoming our next us senator from the great state this coming monday . check out hrt u s website for details .	1
mirror david de gea s mansion still on the market despite real madrid transfer collapse mufc	0
royal rumble tomorrow night u c my house . assemble the crew were gettin real this time haahaha	1
 born this way by lady gaga became the th best selling digital album in us after only its first week of release .	1
i d be going forever man order a taxi every monday for me graveyard to digi buried with k s and that	1
did you read this frances ? country would be a mess if the ukip crowd had their way .nhs for sure .	0
kim kardashian shows off her post baby body as she exposes her bra in a sheer on monday the year old keepi . . .	0
lateisha tegan and i just went to the movies and sat up the front even it s freaky as he ll i had the shivers . . .	2
the most awkward holiday musical moments in television history from lady gaga singing with the muppets to mar . . .	0
 throwback thursday venice italy in i traveled to milan to study a summer fashion course . over the . . .	0
sony don t care about their exclusives they never made a theme console for their exclusives	2
since my bro broke his arm he has choice of sunday film so now we re watching sharknado sounds class	0
reach out if you re interested in attending ibm insight oct . th	0
his status remains nd last prophet as he came on earth before muhammad saw .actuallyall prophets came with same religion islam	0
i may have missed the beyonce live stream but thanks to snaps i feel like i was there . the mvp !	1
sky sports both manchester united and real madrid want the ddg transfer to happen and are considering an appeal to make it happen tomorrow	0
i think patels along with togadia wants to scrap reservations for muslims . may be a game plan .	0
hell yeah ! i ve had a marathon iron maiden session going in the run up to book of souls being released tomorrow . 	1
fuck i have an exam tomorrow but brock lesnar is on raw tonight uhhhh i pick the beast	0
won t see me i m off to bolton later today for the weekend . typical timing as ever !	2
john kasich may not be terribly polished but he s coming across as more comfortable and real than jeb bush . gopdebate	0
i ve went over this already i ll set up a google hangout which is a live feed to youtube . i ll send you the invite sunday .	0
may the feng shui be with these five star wars themed household items star wars day is a little strange beca . . .	0
posterous is super easy for uploading vid esp from mobile device . plus got bought by twitter so integration may be on the way	1
big day on friday don . a brand new double iron maiden cd .	1
doing the stairs to the th floor of the paley library will keep you in shape . steep	1
he u s a true niners fan u c he brought it up in a interview during his nd season . d	1
chad executed alleged members of nigeria based islamist group boko haram by firing squad saturday a day . . .	2
 . you are a victim of the khazarian mafia s gay agenda rd line st pic jaffereport	2
well didn t plan on going to jason aldean thursday but here i am buying my ticket to go go jason aldean on thursday	1
what i like about november is thanksgiving u c the cowboys game u c ut game d but not black friday . 	1
 lumia nd you guys haven t released a lumia that has a qhd screen or takes video in k resolution yet .	2
new blog post top five things i love and will miss about the summer olympics !	1
blah blah blah . . . . i still don t care for you much tom brady . .	2
muslims in nepal we will live amp fight with each other don t want a rd party interference . . . . .	2
got time for a skype tonight tomorrow ? want a pre game chat u c last day in before vacation is saturday .	0
check out the box art for tomb raider what do we think ? the new tomb raider is out march . . .	0
erdogan s gamble on bombing the kurds may backfire in coming election turkey	2
sharon u c hi u c you may be interested in this jeff timmons on paul and matty show	1
all u ers fans u c go vote for for the pro bowl . you may vote as many times as you like .	0
i just got excited because i found out that amy lee u s birthday is the th of decemember . guys u c that is a day before my birthday ! so close ! !	1
the ravens release their first injury report of the week on wednesday . sounds like it will be loaded with names 	0
bowling tomorrow c don u t want things to be awkard lol	0
rolling stone out of zone so you can t monitor my sat phone	0
enjoying my st time on caltrain bikes on the st floor u c passengers on the nd floor .	1
do me a favor . . i want you to look up a song called tomorrow by the winans when you get a chance . . .and listen to the words	0
lol actually i live in georgia moving to germany in march i miss you tooooooo	1
after four long months the heart amp soul of the returns to a st place team . welcome back david wright mets	1
can i just say that i love john mcbain aka michael easton ! welcome to port charles ! ! ! but they don t need to bring natalie ! gh	1
there is no perhaps when it comes to star wars ! you must ! may the power of the force compel you to do so !	1
one fighting championship makes its triumphant return to singapore indoor stadium this saturday with the rise of . . .	0
merril hoge is stupid . i m sick of hearing what tebow can t do . he may not be a right now but it took aaron rodgers yrs to start	2
beyonce is really just the th wonder of the world	1
cracking alternative view on chris evans tenure from dcfcfans was he really so bad ?	0
my sister got to actually see fergie pitbull marc anthony will smith hank williams jr . and dan marino at the dolphin s game tonight . 	0
i wouldn t be that harsh . she may exploit holes in rousey s standup game . . . .maybe .	0
 . you mentioned on monday that you would be releasing colorado and nevada numbers on wednesday were those polls abandoned ?	0
and he hasn u t lost a match since apr nd last year u c that u s consistent u c and never forgetting cannavaro u c the st defender to win it	1
niall hope you have a free night tomorrow catch on tg amp tell all our friends . it s not seachtar it s better !	1
boom ! st post bilbao night half marathon km . i just finished a . km run with nike running . nikeplus	0
when the ira bombed the baltic exchange the good friday agreement began . let s not waste time . let s give isis a caliphate . . .on pluto . now .	2
i may or may not have just spent on beyonce related things on etsy	1
clippers vs lakers tomorrow ! you all are about to be !	1
video james franklin postgame at michigan video head coach james franklin addresses the media following sat . . .	0
super eagles coach sunday oliseh has revealed why chelsea midfielder john obi mikel was not on the list of . . .	0
one screening of tonight at pm amp last screening tomorrow to see the incredible cate blanchett .	1
at the half u c bayer leverkusen vs bayern munchen . let u s score or more in the nd half ! ! go munich ! !	0
february and finding their declining the time with your secrecy and the same kind wishes with justin bieber could not feel 	2
so nhs made xmas no yet justin bieber is still in nd and rd place but x factor winner s already out of the top ? ! timeshavechanged	0
my nd time seeing was wen me kiaya n chante went to the dc star we stood in line pm n they open the club doors at am lol	1
 run hr by jackie bradley jr . red sox now up over toronto what a nd half he has had	1
bill a few google posts you may enjoy nods sets iphone on fire 	0
are we taking bets on when dustin johnson has a meltdown at the pga ? saturday ? sunday ? dustinjohnson pgachampionship choke	2
we are here for our th anniversary celebration . you still have time to make it s . king dr	1
nice job at riot fest . sadly i couldnt make it that early on saturday but i heard you guys killed it good job	1
can u t wait to see you guys tomorrow sa gt at sm bacolod ! 	1
gay hip hop star le f may have just out azealia banks d azealia banks with his new track koi . the video is mental .	0
red stars game then sister hazel at the lincoln park arts and music fest . good saturday .	1
congrats on your new life with lungs beadonor savealife beahero . i have many dx amp trying get my ibm is st holding me	1
gonna ride the love train tomorrow . .dig it . . .soul train . . .ojays . .bad ass . . .do it . . .	1
and on my th birthday we got matching tattoos used to steal your parents liquor and climb to the roof mtvhottest katy perry	1
john lennon helped paul mccartney complete the rd verse of the beatles classic penny lane that recounts paul s youth in a subverted way .	1
mgsv pre purchased on ps for those of you also getting ti on ps . looking forward to mgo in october . purchased gz as well for fri mon	1
wouldn t it be hilarious if tom brady warmed up with this football before thursday s game ?	0
pakistan confirmed joining the saudi arabia s nation coalition against terrorism . what a moronic foreign policy !	1
 i m ellen snider and i once survived a rd degree hand burn trying to make smores dip amp watch miss usa when i was . 	0
our yoga for veterans class tonight has been cancelled but we hope to resume next tuesday night ! interested in . . .	0
come watch us play tomorrow at the hoosier dome !	0
some day at theopen . incredible stuff from paul dunne and padraig harrington . baffling round by dustin johnson . monday will be great .	1
i may hate naruto because it s terrible but i am going to see boruto .	2
august presidential candidate carly fiorina at the iowa state fair . . .	0
uncharted a thief s end launches for ps in north america on march sony announced today .the latest game in the naughty d . . .	0
oh wow . . . so now we may have seth rollins vs . sting for the wwe championship title ? wwe raw smackdown	1
this monday come and laugh your hearts outs all with at hilton hotel	1
listening to this weeknd album . this guy has the nd best voice in the industry after mariah carey 	1
me personally don u t see grammy playing afl again still but i think he u ll turn to something else now . best of luck with what may be next .	1
i u ve read two very different article about christianity and horror films today . halloween weird	0
john cena may be the only man alive who still rocks cargo shorts . titlefortitle summerslam	0
galliani is in the past and he lacks the reality of the modern day milan . players don t wake up thinking of milan st choice .	0
our service pple living on the streets while muslims get homes and all the help they need our priorities so wrong	2
so uh remember how i said the sign ups to the next naruto tournament will be towards the end of the month ? well that may be a lie .	0
will be performing this saturday on snl and he just did a promo with fuckin thor 	0
hi ! are you interested in buying ed sheeran tickets for tomorrow night ?	0
june red sox at giants . who s down to go and boo from the rd baseline ?	2
i know battle of armies s script was written st but they do so much in post these days .are we sure none of it was inspired by sharknado ?	0
i downloaded the first season of dexter gonna start watching the nd episode . time to tweet twittwit 	0
mission impossible rogue nation i really tried you guys but i can only like tom cruise once per decade and edge of tomorrow was so good .	1
i know the feeling . in my country we don u t celebrate halloween too u c but we have a pancake day in february u c so it u s the same 	0
galliani witsel ? i know he would like to come to milan the market closes on monday we ll see . 	0
is tiger woods form finally returning or is it a one off . unlucky lip out on th but an aggressive putt .	0
i got tickets to the nc state game saturday and nobody to go with . .	2
i u m going to roger sanchez at dot club in santiago u c chile oct 	0
justin bieber was steady flashing so many symbols in his sorry video am afraid i may have been unknowingly initiated into the illuminati .	2
four now three tweets away from . here u s where i mention that i u m pouring wine for a friday night with diablo iii . meta classy	1
super pumped to celebrate with my k st graders who made it through summer olympics training in truth lovekids lovejesus	1
distance wise like real madrid s home games in liverpool was there sat saw the mighty hammers triumph hiltonteper st albans uk	0
rt at practice lions rookie rb mikel leshoure was carted off field today with a left leg injury . lions dropping like flies	2
sunday s episode of married to jonas is about radio city and the new music and then monday the boys have a big announcement . coincidence ?	1
david bowie blackstar there is a star in our universe called kic that may or may not be the hub of . . .	1
there we go . i was merely asking you are question . anyway islam is not to be used for political angling . may allah guide us all	0
milone next up in septober march for twins shortly before kicking off their series against the white sox on . . .	0
so that s why a few of my recent iran opeds got turned down by the nyt . i forgot to add more on irgc s soft side .	2
i may record the first few episodes of the next lp tomorrow . wanted to get more info ready u c but i u m think i u m good with what i have .	1
i m disappointed that you didn t lead with the death of frank gifford tonite . .he was an institution on monday night football smh	2
my beautiful bestfriend converted to islam on laylat al qadr may allah bless her amp set her on the right path	1
o brien pennstate players came back monday ready to go . said he believes they and coaches have put ohio state game behind them .	0
mate besides inzaghi they all had managerial exp . . carlo managed teams before getting the milan job and pep manged nd team	0
i just saw seconds of tp u s good deeds . he u s a th generation ivy league graduate ? i mean there were a few but . . . soextra	0
increased vetting of obama s come to america visa card all we need to stop the iran deal ? gop won t go for it tcot	2
damn drexel and penn have canceled classes for monday and tuesday due to the hurricane .	2
so djokovic beats federer and murray stays at no . mon the djoker ! cincytennis	0
local teams of c amp w irrigation amp phe are in chitral from eid s st day amp have carried out the damage assessment kpkupdates	0
igor sechin rosneft u s kremlin hard man comes out of the shadows business 	0
lost in the trump polling boom is the fact that john kasich is going to make top i think in the st debate .	0
huckabee today . trump tomorrow . ted cruz about to be upstaged twice in one week .	2
there s a lot of stupid h !t out there but polling trump v kanye west may take the cake . all i can think to say is 	2
austin wore his yolo shirt for the th time in a month .	0
i truly think that beyonce has the power to heal people bc on thurs i was deathly ill and on friday beyonce s bday i woke up feeling okay	1
oh it s a monday night guess i ll go listen to a u .s . senator senat yale university davenport college	0
and snsd s comeback is rumored for nov . i hope it s true omg today is a good day	1
paramount theater or old cabell hall at uva just off the top of my head . may be other possibilities	0
friday night lights are on the agenda and pigskin of the pro kind as well as the gazette s jeff linder . . .	0
plenty of niggas out here that would catch a body on friday and then stay in to watch the new episode of naruto on saturday lol	1
what is the significance of sept th and u announcing releasing things ?	0
labour amendment likely supported by the snp green and ukip . some eurosceptic tories may support it it ll be close	0
your copy of go set a watchman may be missing lines at the end	0
rise and shine ! start your week with yoga at every monday at am	1
usually go to a mosque in farmington hills . but got an exam tomorrow . .so not going .	0
paul dunne a openchampionship was asked what will go through your mind when you tee off on monday make contact with the ball 	0
episode of dark souls please just kill me will be going up tomorrow ! not sure when probably mid day though . . .	0
less than mins to win free tickets to see david price and the bluejays tomorrow ! freeticketsfriday enter here 	0
no matter what monsters ! so proud of yous ! hopefully we won it for our girl mtvstars lady gaga	1
han mon dieu le remix de i am the best dans dream high u c je meurs xddd	1
continuing to bond with the offspring via marvel movies with another superhero saturday thanks to a very funny ant man . fb	1
jurassic world is back in theaters for one week starting friday ! who s going ? !	1
hearing dana white wants ufc in dec at att stadium in dallas months before wm with rousey . heel	0
roll on in with your friends ! tues lunch pizza is rolling stone italian sausage amp mushroom . north amp south slices . east buffet .	0
miss teen usa on the next one . . saturday wahhh ? 	0
what up u c we bout to touch thuus ainsworth on th between th th for the knicks heat game . who comin thru ? ! ? !	0
i may or may not have just purchased the justin bieber album on itunes . noshame ! ! ! ! ! ! !	0
i feel like tom brady in the th quarter .	0
the wind seemed to be remembering the great storm a bit overnight . we look back years ourselves in tomorrow s heralds and the gazette .	0
need your love so bad by fleetwood mac is nowplaying in the sun lancaster . download it now at	1
i want to get my moto g st gen exchnagr with new moto g rd gen . pls give me a deal . let s start a contest for it	0
what time and where is the tweetup going to be tomorrow at lvms .	0
my infant son is def keeping wife and up up all night a little sleepy today . the book happiest baby on the block has been very helpful	1
wut do u guys want from dunkin tomorrow	0
i know you miss me all but don t fret i will be back ! thursday am cet we will take on dark souls once more ! looking forward to it d	1
at times during the first gop debate on thursday night it was hard to tell who was talking pope francis or . . .john kasich . lol gop	0
i may be childish but every time george osborne does one of those sneery forces of darkness smiles he looks like he s just followed through .	1
who going to the kendrick lame concert tomorrow ?	0
hulk hogan may be a real american but he s no longer a great american .	2
uncharted in march may just be the thing to bring me back to sony	1
openstack is powering production clouds . in this general session at the th international cloud expo u c nebula ce . . .	0
 women elected in saudi arabia as females vote for the first time in a landmark election on saturday wo . . .	1
locked and loaded for igtoa this weekend at lough erne home to lk tonight playing tomorrow forecast looking good ! linksgolf	1
there was a particular scene where danladi sat in the bush with afolayan s character . they just kept talking and talking .	0
wait . . . isn t that may is star wars day ?	0
muslims came to my town in the s s st wave new generation in schools by ish . by nd wave things got worse .	2
 cubs r kris bryant went for with a run scored two rbis rd amp th alongside his nd home run . mlb	0
scott walker now says he would phase out rfs source tuesday augus . . . youtube parents	0
freedom friday with carl gallups weby the truth about islam i .q . al rassooli !	0
dont forget to enjoy your healthy breakfast tomorrow before you start your week after eid ! healthy hungry happy	1
who u s next then ? the togo team of emmanuel adebayor tot u c that u s who . away from st leg . after mins of the nd .	0
tell me about it ! can wr schedule a lunch date with and kyle for monday ?	0
constantly mentioning comments about justin bieber to my parents so they may just buy me tickets .	1
if you want to see an exciting finish to the ut at bama game check out css right now . th quarter .	0
armin van buuren back to the st place on top dj mag !	0
chris mortensen reported that a deal is close to being done between nfl and the refs . could return on sunday . thank . god .	1
hore ! rt kung fu panda in d d both with indonesian subtitles tentatively scheduled to open on tues august isk	0
magnificent scallop monday is on now ! a fresh lot of whangamata scallops has just arrived at iguana . head in and . . .	1
since tottenham s game against everton was postponed they will start the season against man utd at old trafford on august .	0
nfu unchanged for the th successive game tonight nicklin u c gardner u c peat u c king u c anderson u c hunter u c bolder u c muldoon u c bradshaw williams	0
one of kesha s leaked tracks may have actually been a song warning about her relationship with dr . luke . . .	0
i m not going on holiday until the th because me and my dad wanted to watch the inbetweeners movie when it came out lol georgia	1
uploading random pics ! lol this is me last sunday at a show at the adrienne arsht center !	0
 soccer real madrid didn t make a patented galactico signing but the may have nearly lost their no . galacti . . .	2
trump will take of the electoral from jeb putting hillary in the white house . then she will put trump in her cabinet . heard it here st	0
praying frank ocean releases his album tomorrow just to soften the blow	1
listening to paul mccartney got a major need to see him in concert again ! might pull out the concert dvds tomorrow	1
 eid rd day scenes of camp in achey indonesia where eid gifts amp cash was distributed among rohingyamuslims .	0
it u s ok i understand . i though i was gonna die when i sat so close to the stage at your concert in greensboro last friday !	1
what s that you say ? the ladykillers single is out on monday ? you re going to buy it ?	0
reuters right now cme acquisition provides opportunities oct the cme s purchase of the kansas city board . . .	1
happy nd birthday prince george such a cutie pie you are x	1
happy iron maiden friday to you too	1
amazing the things you can learn at shaker s restaurant on a saturday night ! wno knew you could drop your kids off here !	1
nicki may be a black woman but you re forget shes a rich black woman !	0
have you seen this man ? investigators with say that he robbed a dunkin donuts on tuesday afternoon .	0
maggie gyllenhaal arrives at the nd annual film independent spirit awards	0
well at the end if the day gays don t wanna go to war with christians . . .however it looks like they may have thrown the first punch	2
unc will allow you to get a nd degree in bachelor of science in clinical laboratory science	0
hello mutuals who s going to the vamps concert in manila on jan 	1
good morning . . .back after a couple of days off for labor day weekend . so today is my monday . i make no promises . ready with	1
 nd time having ronaldo and messi . . . . plus a cheeky hazard on the bench ! !	0
 worldnews sales of e l james u much talked about fifty shades of grey trilogy fall for the first time in two mon . . .	0
in addition to bad blood my brain is also shuffling the wonder woman theme and california gurls . still better than november rain .	1
thelema thursday ! maroccan chicken tagine and the irresistible muscat de frontignan	1
the nfl needs a new ceo . some bookie apparently wanted to shut down the patriots amp made up some b .s . on tom brady	2
it u s great u c childhood memories for me . if you like douglas adams you may like terry pratchett satire pretending to be fantasy	1
we are on our way to to start setting up ready for saturday bonfire fireworks .a great fireworks display are you going ?	1
miss those days u c when all the relatives would just gather at th uncle house and celebrate chinese new year u c i guess it u ll not happen agn	2
i m covering this event for ibm tomorrow . here s what it s all about newwaytowork	1
it is we may note the goodness and loving kindness of god our savior that is the true model for christians in our daily lives	1
paul dunne with a birdie putt on the th hole and just misses it . very unlucky . stays in a share of the lead at with spieth theopen	2
trust me when i say that you are not alone kerry mile of sunday s half marathon felt worse than mile of my st full !	0
kanye west is a god you may never speak ill of kanye .	1
i may have missed it but tony blair is very quiet on this subject ! syriavote	0
i still didn u t watch degrassi from friday ? what am i doing with my life ? apparently not much .	2
proud ppts on the deferred prep arm may be able to start taking truvada for the prevention of hiv within weeks	0
was leeds united so it was long time ago so lm having my birthday present early when man utd play west brim next monday night	0
attention ! the final release of tickets for circoloco go on sale this thursday at midday . please note the first . . .	0
so ready to be done with classes tomorrow and head to chapel hill to support my favorite wuwbb ladies 	1
check us out tomorrow morning on kare at we will be featuring the great copper river salmon in . . .	1
court may will think over the yakub s plea but just b coz of amp the matter becomes communal .	0
amazing millennium falcon drone by air hogs ! force friday ! star wars episode force awakens news want want want	1
a search of cnn debate on twitter only returns links to news about how carly fiorina may not make it into the next debate . yawn boring . .	0
hero anti hero one in the same ? go set a watchman out tomorrow . american masters	0
only with progressive liberal love st people like bernie sanders amp joe biden can america stay steady mature of love forward first	1
on september th u c the finder reaches italian tv with the worst title translation ever . finally ! ! ! d finder risolutore sky	1
 dubw seems the are anti good friday agreement . same as real ira and cira . some bedfellows there !	2
our september th line up for the th c .u . bands and fans original artist night hosted by bentley s pub . . .	1
ah ! the old rohypnol in a glass of milk ruse . your gunna be sore when you wake up tomorrow .	2
before it s too late happy nd bday prince george . stay sassy .	1
khaleda zia s present india visit may have a bumerang effect on bnp . bd army will never compromise w the power involve in bdr mutiny .	2
that wasn t even the day i wanted to go most and it was insane can t wait for kendrick tomorrow	1
bjp must clarify charges against gadkari congress the congress wednesday asked the bharatiya janata party bjp . . .	0
mommy brought me some red velvet cupcakes ! and im gonna play football tomorrow morning with daddy u c bella u c and jarvey ! yayy family .	1
go you well done ! glad ur legs stayed loyal lol . i m back tomorrow too . jiujitsu went well thanks funkyjiujitsu love it . x	1
hey fucker ! cry as much u want .ur bother yakub is going to be hang tomorrow .suck it bitch .	2
one of the events that woke me up to islam sleep well little angels	0
i don t get the speakers at th form can i only play artists like beyonce ? if i don t will it be frown upon or will my phone be yanked out ?	0
rt sold out tonight ! ! charlie sheen s cake party ! ! marco hanna live with dudu sax ! ! !	1
download the unscene app for all the info for the halloween party in covina hills fri . nite	0
cricket australia have downplayed ricky ponting u s hamstring injury u c saying he should be ready to play in the first test on nov . cricket	0
i think you can get them there for . . .the after party at center stage should be cool chelsea may have another ticket for sale	1
i wish chelsea went to lakeland . picture day is tomorrow . she d have more time to prepare .	0
fan hit flush on the head by harris english wayward drive on st . lots of blood hadtohurt shoutfore players	2
foo fighters were incredible ! know i m going to be dead tomorrow but so worth it !	1
after the game on sunday i expect roma to be even more determined that they otherwise would be	1
some may find it tragic that i m sat alone watching amy schumer and eating ben and jerries but personally i feel no shame	1
 by on the roof at sjp . . . face off clinic back on for pm pm at cabrini this sunday	0
celebrity big brother reminds me of that simpsons halloween episode when all those awful celebrities are on a plane to the sun .	2
sunday candy is a better song than u or temper trap have ever written . and it s a rapper and his live band so 	1
i am muslim and i am with paris amp japan . are you ? parisattacks parisshooting islamist friday the th parisinflames isis charlie hebdo	1
the amount of people i m going to see come into dunkin tomorrow before their first day back to school will not be okay	2
my co worker named our printer bob marley because he always be jamming . i genuinely laughed out loud . friday s are the best . love my job .	1
and if it being sunday weren t enough to make you happy hip hip hooray for national ice cream day . follow us all . . .	1
tomorrow i u m downloading some chance the rapper and nipsey hussle	0
i am going to meet dean ambrose on oct nd wooo ! ! ! ! via	1
bubble tea yogurmet you ll love it come to miramar and starting next saturday we will be open at doral . nw th st	1
i would be cautious saying all terrorists are dead remember charlie hebdo a few came out the next day while they were looking for the st 	0
any webcomic creators besides the locals who i know will be there plan on attending phoenix comicon in may ?	0
what if tomorrow apple is just like the apple tv is now a game console and we re going to take on sony and microsoft and nintendo lol .	1
as much as i may hate chelsea most of the time she makes me want to do so many rebellious things .	0
never had a need for twitter . then sharknado made the public responsible for april s life . hope to see you in sharknado .	1
it s only just dawning on me that wont be on the bus to sing beyonce with me tomorrow and that is heartbreaking	0
for christmas i got justin bieber tickets . . . holy fuck . . . all this time i m finally going to see him in my very first concert on april th ! !	1
watch me on the cw network s new hit music show the next september at pm central ! ! !	0
new janet jackson music is just days away ! to the delight of fans everywhere the singer announced thursday . . .	1
i still have trust issues towards zayn s instagram . yes it may be his but i really don t think he s the one posting it .	2
haha i just may have to see him at rodeo this year . thankfully it u s a saturday ! ! !	1
u turn hypocrisy whatever aaptards may say modi govt close to getting what we want from the swiss .	2
rt deus ex exclusive hands on article going up tonight . fucking love you twitter followers .	1
tom brady finally speaks out about the deflategate ruling as he looks ahead to the season opener thursday . wbz	0
sunday is national ice cream day . but . . . we think it s fine to celebrate early .	1
visit the art park on monday and find fabulous things from my tag sale ! see you ! d	1
dean ambrose . have you seen these enthralling marshall mathers images ? you may want to see 	0
need a th player still to try out for the team on ps . dm me .	0
interesting that kerry wouldn t go across town to join the charlie hebdo march .	0
republican candidate carly fiorina tweets that she is ok after getting into an accident with a deer friday .	1
time for a new poll . what will you do next friday night when the royals are playing game no . of the world series ?	0
gonna go see justin bieber with dylan in march on my birthday ! ! ! !	1
friday evening at the movies . hope paper towns is good .	1
time to finalize weekend plans . grizzlies host sfo fri and sat at maverik center . off with can of food both nights .	0
that moment when i didn u t realize that was going to be in georgia tomorrow u c and it u s my dad u s birthday . 	0
us magazine kanye west has the best time at vmas dances to the weeknd s can t feel . . . news may omg nfb	1
i give rousey a lot of credit . . she want the first but she convinced so may that women can sell events	1
takahashi rio one of the ensemble for live spectacle naruto was katsuo of seigaku th gen in tenimyu st season	0
well done to justin bieber love yourself is the ultimate uk chart no for a th week . can he hold onto the top . . .	1
judging by the traffic and complaining i think i might be best setting for foo fighters milton keynes gig tomorrow right now	2
today i sat down and make a conscious effort to try to actually like a u song . unsuccessful .	2
not much love for the infamous challenge run today but had some fun and some viewers during dark souls ii ! that ll resume on saturday .	1
had a great meeting this morning with some dynamic ladies planning international women s day in derby march put it in your diaries	1
 u may the odd u s be ever in your favor u australian directioners .	1
going to watch ant man on tues because of rudd and also make a decision on whether it beats guardians and the winter soldier	0
do anybody else agree that cole and kendrick did better on each other song with the black friday	1
it may as well be halloween because people are just as fake on valentine s day . boom goteem	2
now i m trying to get to support online for about the th time .m	2
anyone want to buy my foo fighters ticket for tomorrow ? ! ?	0
britain is increasingly like the th with strictly and ps . caesar had his bread and circuses . . .	0
i m a little too excited about this kurt cobain albums m coming out in november !	1
the multinational joint task force put together to battle the boko haram insurgency is expected swing into action on july st femi adesina	0
i need someone to take me to see paper towns either tonight or tomorrow	0
all breakingpointe fans join us here this tuesday pm pst where you can ask ballet west s allison debonna questions about the show !	1
wale don t do this man . i fux wit you but you nd or rd tier in this rap game bro . kendrick is miles in front he ll answer in time tde	0
crossfire hurricane amazing film and finally some proper music on saturday night tv ! ! oh to have seen the stones live back then !	1
anybody wanna go see eric church august th at the state fair with me ? ? ? ?	1
 . still waiting for an answer regarding the sunday ticket app for xbox one . i bought the package just to use on xbox .	0
told my little cousin who loves thewalkingdead tv show id send her the comics for xmas . shes in th grade . figured vol isnt too intense .	1
messi and barcelona are preparing for the league game against osasuna at the camp nou this sunday kick off cet 	0
presidential candidate and gop ohio gov . john kasich on sunday defended his support of medicaid under obamacare arguing the decision was	0
on july pm est big time movie will be premiering on ytv with one direction commenting during the commercials .x	0
the fact that its monday n theres no teen wolf makes me so sad	2
last day of work and then my st official vacation ! going to see my little bro in florida tm ! and my mommy ! famoverall	0
im spending my hole friday wit bo we gone blow sme keisha nd grab a pack of blacks nd watch the battle of lebron career vs . carmelo anthony	0
play with sketsa java jazz u c march u c pm u c lobby stage	0
everybody is responding to that trump tweet but its from january during the charlie hebdo shootings . . . still not cool but pls check the date	2
on my way to see paper towns for the rd time . . . i have to surrender my goal of seeing it times because i m moving 	0
ahhh ! i just passed you way up high in times square i m super excited for bombgirls next tuesday on reelz ! cantwait	1
you guys ! ! ! nd night recording in la for covered is when he recorded eight songs with kendrick lamar .	1
and when i go to see madonna in march i m going to pretend its really you up on stage . i ll never forget u ellen !	1
i did but nothing happened . i also formatted the ps but nothing changed . tomorrow i ll go to the shop i bought it . ty ! 	0
yep u c wanted to limit it to tweet ! impressive palmares . while i u m here u c stages in tirreno u cvuelta u cparis nice u csuisse u c th roubaix	1
this isn t new . us military course taught officers islam is the enemy 	2
come visit the grand national roadster show in january at the pomona fairplex . literally hundreds of sweet rides !	1
watch out for george osborne and theresa may in the next episodes .	0
krugman may like trump but jeb bush is still the democrat party choice for republican nominee .	0
may favorite one ever on ios is harbaugh it autocorrects to garbage	0
bullshit ! that would then mean you d piss off messi . then have to pay him more too .	2
is demba ba sunderlands nd top scorer u c i believe he is . thunlun	1
more like who isnt going to eid fest tomorrow	0
will the ipod th generation have a rear camera for the gb version ? because the th gen didn t	0
tomorrow is the ladt day of the sydney dalton diet and let me tell you it has been hell and i bet it doesnt even work	2
photo wtvox ibm will invest billion for a new internet of things unit ibm on tuesday said that it . . .	1
friend asked me fri free not want go party theme is harry potter that cb think i don t know subtle hint for pap heng i said i got church .	0
bit concerned my brother hasn t read the facebook message i sent him asking him to bring me the last episodes of hannibal tomorrow .	2
memorised the journey to lucy s tomorrow in case my ipod and iphone run out of charge on route haha	1
this is like the rd time ive seen highlights of the merseyside derby today . very good game it was .	1
escobar the man the white sox traded away doubles off the base of wall in center . he s for . c mon	0
 u jordan rhodes ankle pulls out of scotland squad for friday u s world cup qualifier with wales . u nightmare . .	0
new coach sunday oliseh will today have his first outing with nigeria s super eagles as they continue their . . .	0
janet jackson has unveiled the track list and album cover for her upcoming lp unbreakable which will arrive october nd .	1
in an ideal world oregon and boise state will win sept rd and give power to the pac nw ! goducks	1
pretty little liarssss timeee u c because i missed the premier on tuesday then degrassi u c then jshore . . . woo for being occupied	0
on this day in july raw randy orton vs . jey uso	0
fyi if you haven t gotten your tickets to see comedian ali siddiq claytons inbox now !saluting nocturnal on years . pm this sunday 	0
mansbridge interview with trudeau may not have been a classic but i did find justin believable . and i dont feel like i need a shower elxn 	0
we u re on a normal recording schedule again u c mondays around pm eastern u c would that work for you one monday ? 	0
then you may like the magic mike xxl soundtrack	1
you don t know chris evans ? bruhh c mon	0
going to the movies tomorrow to watch southpaw paper towns train wreck and then ant man again .	1
someone had a power nap . . . mfw . . . this may be a really late night with no dark souls . . . 	0
oooo yes ! i submitted umd on sat . umbc on sun . before the storm ! down more to go d	1
i went to see paper towns as a way to get away from the sun and see a mindless young adult film with a happy ending . 	1
expect a welcome post tomorrow . i urge you to google jacqueline m . james . 	0
dustin johnson absolute smashes it thursday friday .then friday night comes around and gets he goes and gets whacked and ruins his weekend !	0
i m already on my rd year at colton it wouldn t make sense to graduate from gt after spending all this time here . 	2
dustin johnson is one of the best hole players on tour . problem is he s the worst sunday player on tour .	0
alternative news black triangle sighting in tucson u c arizona on october th red circle with triangle cut . . .	0
just watched sharknado and holy shit the end with april the giving birth in a shark is new to me . . aprillives sharknado 	1
david wright leading off the bottom of the th . two walks so far tonight . let s see more ! mets	1
jan can you confirm for me that real madrid have made contact previously with reus and were told no sale	0
is this story why a major democrat in florida just asked the gov to extend early voting ? theblaze	0
kane with a brilliant finish tonight as england win . let s hope he takes his performance into the game on sunday	1
would love to watch the live screening of yakub being hanged tomorrow . . . yakubverdict	2
she said she would but she has to be in miss america pagent in december	0
boko haram attacks the chief of army staff in the thick of the battle ground ? this will help in the fight him from this st hand experience	0
got the feeling that if ocarina of time is the st star wars trilogy then wind waker is the prequels and this new one is twilight princess	1
yes u c i got an email reminder from nikon about this saturday event . if no go back u c then we will join the photo exhibition launch .	0
tuesday u s cable ratings tnt u c fx top charts with nba u c sons of anarchy 	0
lrt i m planning to watch sharknado tomorrow but i just wanted to point out . . .um . nasa is tweeting about sharknado .	0
he s just one . he s spent the summer being looked after grandparents which may have been an error now thinks he s prince george !	0
rt i would kiss beyonce s pearl before i go too bedd every night if she wass my wife . . .	1
hanley ramirez was out of the lineup again on monday a break for the red sox given the series of injuries that . . .	0
weird music mood today . lots of hank williams and johnny cash running through the iphone .	2
going to see magic mike xxl may be the single best decision i have ever made in my life .	1
madam people of maharashtra has voted thinking modi will give them a good cm . so keep silent until th . let the result be out	1
sitting here watching jurassic park the lost world and remembering why the st one is my favorite . ishouldjustwatchthat	2
got my jason aldean shirt today now just waiting on august st	1
clerk kimdavis is jailed because scotus can see gay marriage in the th amend . but fed .dist .judge can t see religious freedom in the st .	2
and whaddya know ? ! dustin johnson birdies the th and has the outright lead at the pga championship .	0
sts espn alaskan musher youngest to win iditarod dallas seavey won the iditarod trail sled dog race on tues . . .	1
my tarheels beat virginia tech ! tarheelnation now it s time for my nd team to beat texas ! mountaineernation	1
yes if you march with charlie hebdo with cartoons hand in hand with taslima nasreen	0
stuffed pork chop dinner p sat night at eagles club in cedar rapids . . th street nw . i u m guest bartending .i don u t make fufu drinks !	0
back in th grade i told people how my favorite song was nirvana by sam . people said never heard of the song and the guy must not be good 	0
 follower hype ! even tho my recent followers are kurt cobain accounts . must appreciated . i am a big fan may he always live in our hearts	1
update mom does not appreciate jay z . we have now moved on to bumpin old school taylor swift . nearing the th hour .	0
runner on nd no outs u c drubes being one of our best hitters should make a productive out . his fault not acta u s	1
make sure to come to the bob jones game friday ! free hot dogs u c hamburgers food outside the gate ! watch bob jones take on austin high !	0
tonight csa will announce a new sponsor . today the kai cricket board played their kfc mini cricket festival and they continue tomorrow in el	0
i am happy to be single but i would love to receive a valentines card on the th . it has to be from someone amazing for eg !	1
see you tomorrow . mtvhottest katy perry	0
for a bit . i m going to the fresno game saturday .	0
erdogan rates call counter says this was his first since april and the nd one since he met cenbank gov . basci march .	0
what do you listen to when you hit the gym ? for me it s usually old loud rock kiss ac dc led zeppelin .	0
happy birthday ! saw paper towns at the cinema on friday was awesome ! ! love the book too though looking for alaska still my fav 	1
i started getting obsessed with it after i watched twilight and read all the books in th grade haha it stuck with me	0
 days till jack white at alley pally then i find out the ruskies need me to work on saturday . what u s is it like to have a personal life ?	0
hope to see everyone at eldora speedway tomorrow for the full ump nationals event ! this evenings events have been . . .	0
 lions march down the field and vikings fans can t blame christian ponder on that . that s not a good sign after coming off day break .	2
sf mayor ed lee has declared june th as matt cain day amp then gets a key to the city awesome ! sfgiants mattcainday	1
see you tomorrow in port charles hope you u re enjoying big brother 	1
 swachh bharat appeared on friday at the th place in the top of pune s trends trndnl	0
maybe come th wwe wh champion if he beats seth rollins for wwe wh championship tonight s main event raw	0
randy orton was the first rd generation superstar natalya was the first rd generation diva . when are we going for the th generation ?	0
curtis it s a saturday there is no school . .	0
i m going to see sam smith tomorrow . i don t think i ever thought this was going to happen but it is . he s my everything my idol . omfg	1
 cue rebecca black voice it s friday friday gotta get down on friday ! ! !	0
will do brothaaa . i might be going to the ohio state vs . nku game on december st	0
really looking forward to watching tony romo run for his life tonight ! coming with it . orangecrush	1
happy nd birthday prince george ! needing a repair can be a royal pain but remember you can report it online any . . .	1
dustin johnson pga st player in modern era to shoot or better in opening round of the majors in a single season .	0
valor is official screwed tomorrow . . audis and bmws aren u t good in the snow . . . . valorproblems richkidproblems letsgetoursecondcarsout	2
tomorrow is the new naruto episode can t fucking wait lol shit got real	1
parkdale students take a break from homework and head to the polish festival ! saturday and sunday only !	0
what makes me almost as angry as legitimaterape is that i may vote for even though she supported pipa . lesser evil . . .	2
guy opened the th gate and naruto saved his ass . . goat	0
i m stuck in london again . . . i don t wanna spend the night in mcdonald s !	2
amazon prime day beats black friday sales we re at the edge of the mobile shopping era via	1
the oscar for the best documentary short goes to daniel junge and sharmeen obaid chinoy for saving face	1
i can t remember the last time i was as excited for a new album as i am for iron maiden s the book of souls . friday get here already .	1
i m team nicki but i would never openly say something bad about taylor swift because i think she may have snipers on retainer .	0
pretty much all i will listen to on my drive to nashville tomorrow is tom petty hootie and the blowfish george strait and eric church	1
ps the supreme court couldn t overturn the th amendment anyway carly fiorina . . . meetthepress figureitout dumbass dobetterbywomen	2
didn t show up for charlie hebdo march . didn t light up wh in blue white red . late to moment of silence . but his heart is in it america .	2
church tonight who will you bring ? ? ? ?	0
wilfred kiboro joins family bank as chairman u c a day after he quit standard chartered bank . he takes over from founder titus muya on jan 	0
apple has an event at pm watch it live thru this link appleevent applelive	0
it s been a hell of a week chuck norris released a video that claims obama s nd term will bring about armageddon .	0
decided to make the most of my amazon prime by seeing what all the hype about raydonovan is about . st episode is heavy going . .	1
 friday goodmorning weekendishere what nfl game do you dream of attending this season ? make it a reality	0
real madrid are the most corrupt club in the world . . . so this ain t a surprise ! ! !	2
let s just all go to ihop after tomorrow morning	0
tottenham hotspur boss andre villas boas has played down speculation that he is already lining up a january bid for brazilian willian . bpl	0
hillary made a very lucid case for the iran agreement and i think she may have changed my mind with the detail . . .	1
well we are very busy ! ! ! i u m just too excited for tomorrow ! cebu here we go !	1
update bentley has informed me that my shoes that i cannot find may or may not be in the trash . that is all . carry on .	0
dallas stars forward jamie benn has signed with the hamburg freezers in germany . he could make his debut against mannheim on friday .	0
jan hooks designing women s the mark of a great sitcom is whether the jokes and tone stand up to time despite any	1
if you re free friday night after the jason aldean concert text me and let me know . throwing a party .	0
congrats ylianna guerra for getting st runner up in the miss usa pageant ! !	1
i may not be a fan of beyonce but i respect her . she s a grown woman with a beautiful family doing her thing . go ahead girl	1
how to find your links in google proportionately you may light part of getting ranked high on google or . . .	1
to all nintendo fans out there i may sound crazy when i say this but kirby and the rainbow curse and or kirby canvas curse should be on ios	0
you know you go to dunkin donuts too much when the worker there says see you tomorrow centicedcoffee	1
federer just won his th straight point on his serve . . . lol wow	1
nice sunday today starting with a macy s brekie then off to the garden centre with her nan grandad chilled wheresdinner	1
hey selena ! i m going to your dallas concert on august st ! ! ! ! ! ! ! rt follow	0
starting my friday off with some ice cube westside	1
real madrid star cristiano ronaldo announces he is to wed former kenickie guitarist marie du santiago	0
rad ! i leave for israel thursday . i ll get it on kindle . when was warfield around ?	1
are you a hot dog fan dustin ? tomorrow is national hot dog day . . . hotdiggetydog	1
listening to bad blood remix with kendrick lamar . . .i may be old and that s ok . . . .but what in the hell do all of those acronyms stand for ?	2
i m going to see paper towns for the second time tomorrow .i love this movie . love you cara ! 	1
kendrick lamar released black friday approximately days ago i have listened to it precisely times since then	1
any truth to galatasaray having made an informal offer to psg for zlatan ? is he fit to play this sunday ?	0
this nigga just hit a full court one handed shot with brook lopez . . .smh u c st birthday shit	2
good . how about you u c liam ? bytheway u c good luck for tomorrow . . 	1
police arrests boko haram commander linked with suicide attacks nigeria s secret police said sunday it had ar . . .	2
murray will never win a slam again unless he changes . nd serve a joke	2
snopes may be right but we all know islam is alive in dearborn mi can t deny that not sayin sign is real but the threat is !	2
still have the th amp top of order ! harper walkoff homer !	1
i hope next eid will be better than this one for u . . .prayers for ur mom and grandmom . .may allah bless them and give you peace . .	1
forgotten th starter of the presumptive world champion white sox .	0
cinematic double bill tonight . st up is south as subtle as a punch to the face paw then mcu s latest expulsion ant man !	1
 puts black hole sun on in the car my dad asks my mom who plays this song mom the beatles ? no wait david bowie ! . oww facepalm	2
yeaa so going to dmu is looking like a myth tomorrow	1
i was at the vatican when pedrocalungsod was beatified by pope john paul ii last march u c now after years he is now canonized	0
hmmm i feel like this one is copied from the world leaders paris march after charlie hebdo incident	0
whoever replies st with the correct answer wins tickets for sesame street live u c sat am performance at rupp u c and an elmo plush doll .	0
 questionsihatebeingasked this is why i stopped with montreal canadiens . .foreign languages . .say one thing . .may mean	2
thoughts on the detroit tigers arian foster and floyd mayweather in today s daily six pack sports mlb nba nfl	0
i am not in the right frame of mind to attempt to watch sharknado yet . i may need to start drinking .	2
grand opening for villa sneakers is sat th with club s lv and ricky burns at am 	1
alarm clock is set for jokes i don t have to enrole at college till then don t start till the th bazinga	0
paper finished u c cma u s over u c blake and miranda dominated u c accounting hw got pushed to wednesday . going to bed happy 	1
papi th sox with hrs at fenway red sox slugger david ortiz hit career home run no . in the first inni . . .	0
here s shawn s nd pass of the day which put us in the th spot . still have more qualifying passes today .	1
blueberry muffins last night brownies tonight oreo balls wednesday . . .i m done .	0
i wouldnt care if you sat on prince george s head infront of kate amp wills you d still be one of the fittest uk celebs around	1
molson amphitheatre ! ! seeing zac brown band ! ! and he and his crew just came and sat in front of us ahah	1
cnn revises debate criteria in possible boost to carly fiorina cnn announced on tuesday that it would change . . .	1
 i want tang jun for christmas . i want him on valentines as well ! ! !	1
angela merkel may be the most powerful politician in europe but she has rarely shown much inclination for bold . . .	0
anyone want to buy a jason aldean ticket for tomorrow night ? i have two .	0
roman reigns and dean ambrose may need to recruit brock lesnar to take out the wyatts raw	0
he may have played for milan but i enjoyed watching pato . i hope he rediscovers his form amp returns to serie a .	1
 st day of practice brings a prediction this is the year . . . northwestern finally breaks through and makes the ncaa tournament .	0
ben roethlisberger says he isn t surprised tom brady won case steelersvspatriots thursday	0
ice cube may be the realest rapper alive	1
hope they continue to give the rangers trouble . david price tomorrow ! ! ! !	0
billy crystal attends the special th anniversary screening of u the princess bride u at the new york festival	0
british press spin the truth to claim arsenal and man city have made moves to sign isco this january	0
it s that kind of a night that you need to listen to u while thinking of everything that you need to accomplish tomorrow .	1
 tucson gay couple gets license to wed in kentucky county a gay couple walked out of a kentucky courthouse with . . .	0
time for a new tuesday cover ! this is u s with or without you with ralph koopman ! really enjoyed his join and . . .	1
i will watch coach stews fiesta bowl speech before the game tomorrow . just seems right for some reason . i know he is smiling at this team .	1
best moment of the night melissa mccarthy i am trying to find the clip to write about it on my website . . .big fan of u both	1
a quote from yrs . ago today republicans understand the importance of bondage between parent child . . . . . . .man i miss dan quayle .	0
it s friday and you should all have the riff from iron maiden s the rime of the ancient mariner in your heads .	1
behind the scenes at miss usa sun kitten swimwear photoshoot via	0
 barcelona left back jordi alba is out of game vs getafe through illness but skipper carles puyol is back for the saturday encounter .	0
cate blanchett rocked these stunning gold statement drop earrings at the th aacta awards ! redcarpet	1
i am sat in my bathroom with a hot curling iran pressed to my head waiting for a disaster to happen so i totally get that	2
jennifer aniston drew barrymore fill in the blank ! at the lacma art film gala on saturday u c jennifer a . . .	0
tomorrow is the justin bieber consert in louisville kentucky i hope i the ollg	0
breezin u won the best pop instrumental performance at the th grammy awards	1
maybe she did . she may not like being blamed for the accuser going to kane s house .	2
may st the angels faced david price on snb as a member of the tigers . he walked batters . only run scored off it .	0
everybody gets happy around zayn . people get happy puppies get happy the sun gets brighter the nature gets more beautiful	1
someone sat down and wrote this chorus . i m fed up . we are the new americana high on legal marijuana raised on biggie and nirvana 	0
i just wanna be at venice beach rn smoking on some cali og drinking and listening to music with a hole bunch of ppl watching the sun go down	1
bad blood is winning voty tomorrow even though it should ve been blank space 	0
my view sunday s game going to be won in the trenches especially bills defensive v . vikings offensive lines .	1
best get ya tongue ready i warned you ! ! no sweets . .no kebab eastenders and waterloo road for you tomorrow then ! disappointed ! !	2
is nobody going to see ed sheeran this thursday or . .	0
scott walker was having a good day of campaigning monday and then something unexpected happened the truth about . . .	0
looks like murray is gonna have to do it the hard way again ! set down in the nd set ! ustennisopen	0
gop presidential candidate carly fiorina will likely take the prime time debate stage later this mon	1
japan fukaoka tix will be released on nov . im doubtful that we can get the tix coz the vips will have priority .	2
holy shit jack white tomorrow ! when he plays seven nation army it u ll be insane	1
 mubb picked th in the preseason big east coaches poll . no individual honors for buzz williams squad . l ville s peyton siva preseason poy .	0
did manchester united just drake real madrid . meekmadrid	0
you just may be my soulmate . .jsyk . .lol . .we gotta have us an alan rickman date soon so we can fangirl to our hearts content ! !	1
cate blanchett sighting new york new york th annual museum of modern art film benefit honoring the actress	1
i am the best candidate indian american bobby jindal washington notwithstanding his th rank among pre . . .	0
you can totally hear a guy from the nd floor singing from the top of his lungs to what makes you beautiful . lol .	0
bitch u shoulda came with me saturday sooooo much fun . met romeo santos lmao na i met his look a like	1
i want to see bruan strowman vs brock lesnar on smackdown this thursday	0
why are all the great tv shows on a monday night ? channel surfing between fashion star and the voice us and the olympics . . .too much choice	1
i may have just bought the kimoji app for . just so i could text kim kardashian s ugly crying face .	2
kendrick lamar reminding us all why he s king .	1
my music range now is all over the place . my chemical romance anberlin taking back sunday iron maiden nirvana twenty one pilots 	0
on the train to the capital for the edinburgh derby . c mon the hearts believe hmfc theprideofedinburgh heartofmidlothian	1
if i m not at the chris brown concert next tuesday i m gonna be really really upset and i m gonna blame george lol	0
 months free espn given to anyone . got a letter through the post yesterday .	0
labor day might be over but festivals are still going on including the nd annual east troy bluegrass festival . . .	1
i approve not of the rough day . may i recommend a viewing of magic mike xxl to cheer you up ? 	1
what website do you go to get paul mccartney tickets online tomorrow ?	0
ima order some tickets for the senior bowl in january	0
doing a xf dayhiatus watch over the weekend ! sat bad blood sun arcadia mon pmp all at pm est join in the fun !	1
hope i get to catch monday night football tonight havent got to see a game yet . . . . .it s only preseason wk but feel like ive missed a lot	2
well choices wise may be it makes sense recognizing his form . but i m just saying atleti s system has a lot of say in it .	0
attention mother fuckers ! ! ! !selling two kanye west tickets for the th of september at the hollywood bowl . dm me for more info ! ! ! !	2
senate building open to the public on saturday november agi rome palazzo madama the senate building wil . . .	0
i may be a career college student trying to get my bachelor s degree too ! unless you d like to write me a check for k	0
make sure you have the songs u c u c rella u c oldie tron cat for tomorrow baby 	0
kudos to the coas and the entire military st by leading the troops on the ground against boko haram and ndly for . . .	1
trifecta ! this friday get off your butt and come out to halls to show some support as volleyball u c soccer u c and football take down the devils !	1
andando in bicicletta a roma si puo dividere share pure li ! shareable changing bike culture in the eternal city 	0
saraki promises robust legislation to end boko haram bukola saraki the senate president on monday said that . . .	0
saturday washing clothes grocery shoppin cleanin out my lexus . as much as it cost you bet i keep it clean when able . hate bein sick	2
red delays new price anouncement till tomorrow pm . sounds like they want to dig for sony prices some more .	0
the funniest part of the break comes when briana exceed period months being pregnant	1
happy bacon fat friday ya ll . copper river salmon rillettes tonight amp the selena gomez dog . gonna be a good friday !	1
climbing mount snowdon tomorrow . any idea what the weather will have in store for us ? ?	0
first i have to go to oscars with peter and turn down custard and now grandpa bill suggests ordering pizza sunday deprived cheeseplease	0
vermaelen the hero for barca thomas vermaelen was the unlikely hero as barcelona laboured to a home win over malaga on saturday . . .	1
april does not die it is the soul of sharknado with fin . do not she remove please aprillives sharknado 	0
this will be me when nash s new video with skylynn is up tomorrow same	0
if you go to calabasashigh remember to sign up for the gay straight alliance on thursday during lunch	0
sitting next to reid hoffman u s nd cousin at he u s a landscape architect to the stars sonotintech	1
i just cried at the amazon prime advert with the boy in the superman outfit . wild friday night	0
i u m not the go out type . saturday nights are my stay up all night with the fellas on night u c but i think i u ll dive into paterno u s bio .	0
thats the david wright i know at rd bbase	0
the women u s volleyball team will be playing in the semi final playoff game tomorrow at pm against johnson and wales university .	0
tom brady says he s looking forward to running out on the field thursday focus on being quarterback and put deflategate behind him . wbz	0
alright give me seth rollins and give me the dudle y boyz . c mon let s see them . smackdown	1
when my plane lands in jacksonville tomorrow my big head ass boyfriend better be at the airport 	1
a lot on the line for tiger woods today in his sunday red . nothing like golf on sunday s w him in contention wyndhamchampionship fedexcup	1
i finished tkam last thursday ! let me know what you thing about watchman	0
the b s rock the l .a . county fair with berlin featuring terri nun pomona fairplex fri sep pm off 	0
new hqs ! chanel iman arrives at the espy awards la july 	1
watched paper towns on saturday and i m still very disappointed with the movie	2
these paul mccartney tix are burning a hole in my pocket . want em ? call after the nd paul beatles song . it will happen .	0
here s a royal connection the queen at the chelsea flower show and nz exhibitor . mention of rare nz maple	0
still can t ever figure out how kim kardashian s face works how s your sunday going	2
niall s turning . th album s about to drop . the boys are taking a break . yearsincefireproof . 	0
it s a wednesday girls night out as s band wilson phillips fills the winspear opera house with their brand of top joy at p . . . .	0
today my friend s birthday nabeel afpendi he is my friend dunia akhirat . may god bless him very well . iloveyou nabeel .	1
good day eventing today with a win on endymion entrechat an a th with viscount oscar ! very early start tomorrow for event in hampshire	1
the toll affected by the great east japan earthquake tsunami . death missing amounts as of oct . cont 	0
anyone saying they re supporting hillaryclinton b c it s time for a woman president is lying unless their nd choice is carly fiorina . p 	2
fights in the jets locker room sound way more exciting than a floyd mayweather fight i may have paid for that jets mayweather nfl	0
ted two really cleaned up nicely would almost say better than the st .	1
any one going to see shawn at the island life show tomorrow ?	0
ty for this good news ! may iran release our american prisoners very soon as well . merrychristmas to you	1
yes i love it ! ! can t wait to see in milan tomorrow ! !	1
good morning ! ! were up bright and early to set up your saturday morning swim down at elton sailing club am see you lakeside	1
hey gh fans u c we all must support in the upcoming season of dwts u c premiering tomorrow night ! ! the pride of port charles ! !	1
oh btw want to go up town tomorrow to get some snazzy photos of st patrick s ?	1
i think we all knew it would come to this . we sat through yrs of watching a hatred for the potus build up . and here we are	2
gov . bobby jindal st . nominate a leader and talk with one voice . .in my view sorry there is no leadership in gop . .	0
did you know the rd is national hot dog day ? we re giving away free hot dogs to all our fans at the game !	1
cundiff got released . i think he u s outta the league now u c especially if that quote on the tl this past sunday was real	0
transfusing young blood into the veins of the old ? wow . sounds like george osborne s budget to me .	0
hip hop with some kpop flavour today ! beginner hip hop w vincent every wednesday and friday from pm to pm ! . . .	1
this is the worst year possible to be obsessed with someone and want to be at every single one of their concerts u c i have gcse u s and sat u s ! 	2
apple ipad mini ipad mini black with gb in black slate february	0
great sets as well by and we do it all again sunday at rock im park .	1
fuck sat ! act is where it u s at ! d	2
n .w unofficially yours for the th time 	0
we gambled that team would stay third all season just like we gambled kane alone would get us through st games	0
why in the world is jeb bush embracing eric cantor ? the answer may be simple why not ? 	0
yes it s true i ve missed all my children but no go set a watchman gets released tuesday	0
i missed the th birthday of avril lavigne u s sk er boi ! darn u c i love that song u c especially the part where she rhymes boy with boy . classic	1
does anyone want a chris brown ticket bc it s on a thursday and nobody will come thru	0
kentucky clerk gets emotional and claims he may have to die in his fight against gay marriage via	2
 mlbfantasy ryan raburn belted a pair of solo home runs in monday s win over the white sox .	0
that s one sex tape i hope to never see ! is hulk hogan a racist ? find out what has to say about it	2
i m going to the winspear opera house tomorrow night . dinner then on to watch a lovely show at the opera . 	1
 of muslims may be good individually . but in a mob of muslims are just fanatic idiots .	2
i liked a video sibling wed game with scott and chris evans part 	1
and the father of the speaker of the knesset works for kirill . my st argument that active measures are severe in israel .	2
if it weren t for christians the aztecs would never have stopped killing babies like planned parenthood does . 	0
i want to go to chapel hill tomorrow for halloween !	0
just got a position m t weekends off just need to make sure its all on paper tuesday when i go in to sign amp its all gucci !	1
this has to be the th time grown ups has been on fx in the past weeks	0
saturday morning domestic bliss is wife teaching y son how to play the theme song of game of thrones on the piano	1
so john kerry said this today and saturday i asked why no outrage over the charlie hebdo terrorist attack they deserved it ?	2
fb three runs do the trick for mtsu and they are out to their own yard line . st and 	0
still writing on christmas and new year . . . . still . and i u ll be writing about valentine u s day in december dafuzz	0
june th is now matt cain day in san francisco ! ! he also just got the key to sf . perfectgame	1
maybe because of this he may compliment kendrick if they both did a collab album amp might fight to hold his own might be good	1
not something even the victors cannot see the mind . not nothing it is the ground of all samsara and nirvana . rd karmapa	0
in serie a tomorrow roma vs juventus is the stand out game . here s our betting tips ! 	0
israel ramel bradley ex yesilgiresun may agree terms with hapoel holon	1
new cent mixtape may hospitalized for mystery illness today new cent songs for the gangsta grillz . . .	0
it s wednesday ! best week in a long time . batman harley star wars saga . ant man toys tons more . love it ! !	1
 th consecutive win shutout the yankees david price s second win as a jay . games behind for st place in al east . letsgobluejays	1
that s how you handle a beef lil ass nigg . nicki to meek after she sat down from receiving the award .	0
imagine being de gea going to sleep then waking up tomorrow ready to become a real madrid player	0
feb ka pla balik girl from sg sana makabalik ako sa cebu by feb i miss you na jud . .	0
father if i may i think you should fight on beatthebat . show everyone that you are more powerful than batman on a huge platform	1
six sentence sunday blaze of glory and it s free !	1
red sox off to another great start . they lead the phillies after two innings at fenway scoring in the st and more in the second	1
this is what my friday night has come to arguing with my da about kanye west . . how can you not love kanye like ? !	1
so while she may have figured out the old rousey it may be ill advised to think that she has any advantage going into this trilogy fight .	0
someone should have told thor that sun in is just for hair and not for eyebrows	2
what i wouldn t give to see the zac brown band at wrigley friday night september th as they sing chicken fried . mayfreedomforeverfly	1
thepchaiya un nooh retakes that final black on tfi friday with chris evans and daniel radcliffe ! baizeofglory	0
 bhramabull kesha s camp speaks out on dr . luke abuse allegations following the news tuesday of k . . . bhramabull	0
people are researching the wolf crash to try and make sc racing safer . if anyone found his gopro contact me or brian sperry . it may help .	2
omigod ! tomorrow is gonna be . wow ! opposite day ? hmm . x	1
i was th months pregnant when we travelled to hawaii to see u with pearl jam . . .plane ride from hell lol	0
you may recall how bad it was when the same people had charlie hebdo to blame for their own massacre .	2
iphone event recap video tonight then transloader for mac app review on saturday . cool content coming up ! 	1
appointment with barracuda in milan from to september . pav . stand g h h don t miss the event !	0
yoenis cespedes gets on with a fielder s choice but is stranded as david wright strikes out . mets phillies middle of th inning .	0
janet jackson is coming on september th i will give someone to shoot her in the fucking face	2
stasera ho guadato due film u bel ami u con robert pattinson u c qual u e stato cosi e la seconda film the ides of march	0
now that a uk soldier has been arrested over bloody sunday i hope all the ira uda ivf and other murderers will be rearrested	2
i may watch them just to see why people are saying nicki called out miley lol . that was probably deserved .	0
apple a gb th generation ipod with video ipod only black th gen . read ! 	0
neptune to be larger than jupiter one day ? dana white s answer may surprise you .	0
oh vincent jackson why must you play on thursday ? making my wr decision very difficult indeed . fantasyfootballproblems	2
lovely george harrison story when he was shown first ever beatles website . via	1
so you personally don t have the right to say any sort of shit about them . a few immature ones may comment rude shit on briana	2
missing the cut thurs pres debate rick perry rick santorum bobby jindal carly fiorina lindsey graham jim gilmore and george pataki .	0
where would he play ? james and isco will be back up wingers he s rd choice back up	0
tsipras said it as if it was a bad thing . . . . it is good . austerity not austerity should come naturally .	0
the lucky penny s production of threshold was fantastic and the last show tomorrow still has tickets left !	1
oh how i love the irony of muslims it s a concept they just can t quite grasp !	2
that s game . falcons fall to hogan . see you at homecoming next saturday at the horn .	1
 as i sat and thought i lied . total praise u c thank you u c then the winans joints	1
the ladykillers which i first saw in london chicago for about the th time and mrs brown s boys tv recording .	0
could you please tell me at which time demi lovato will arrive at the bbc lounge tomorrow ? thanks !	1
anyone interested in tickets to the sunday august th zac brown band show at fenway . grandstand row per ticket	0
october th is youth sunday at the upper room full gospel church ! we invite you to join us on sundays at am . . .	1
i will make dua and keep you all in my mind . may allah have mercy on all mujahidin and muslims and destroy kuffar amin ! ! !	2
future amp gucci all the way to atlanta tomorrow night . . .	1
new header of lana del rey her face is getting blocked though u c i may change it later . .	2
id lost interest in bioshock infinite with delays etc . i think i may be drawn back in a bit 	2
thats what we say every year . anyway i can t see both milan amp juve fighting for the rd place .	0
g nite morph and god save the queen amp princess charlotte amp wish prince george a happy birthday me when you see him tomorrow	1
teen wolf movie series was so confusing that i thought i was listening to the rd movie for that past year turns out it was	2
 . . . including former kings forward pavol demitra former kings prospect jan marek and many other members of the nhl family . 	0
if you haven u t seen your good giving guide yet u c check it out online . the challenge starts nov we appreciate your support ! . . .	1
 no you may not kick it . tribe called quest answering a text from billy cundiff	2
just one more day to go gt gt madonna s rebel heart tour starts tomorrow . what to expect ? !	1
rt good morning world . . . i m pleased to inform you that the carter iv will not be like watch the throne . .	1
come over tomorrow ? my mom isn u t staying there with me she has to stay with the big dogs at the old house until gordon	1
gucci gob shade face june emerge the couple your chap entering mere chance on pros and cons vital nccooqymh	0
lady gaga came to japan again . she is a a real japanophile so this is the rd visit since the great east japan earthquake .	0
michael babatunde super eagles midfielder expecting st child with wife	0
and i m still so confused about kanye west speech from sunday lol . . . . .	2
 it may be a bit like yugoslavia at the end of communism . jon huntsman on what happens to the gop if romney loses .	0
people getting off caltrain at th and king for the sfgiants parade are already pretty wasted . . . at least they didn u t drive in i guess .	2
gucci pants ego id conflict hope january show forth the biform yours fixed favorable regard consolidation in p . . .	0
if paul dunne wins the open tomorrow as an amateur the transitive property tells me that i also have a good chance of winning it . science	1
i wish i could ve learned more about islam in th grade tbh	0
hi dr bloody curtis earlymodblood . d u want to get free iph ne ? kindly check my bi . thx	0
best of the weekend tiger woods on thursday saturday . worst tiger woods on sunday . old tiger would have closed it out .	0
if you call me u good girl u one more time you may find my scolding hot coffee heading towards your crotchal region .	2
check out sir terry leahy article in saturday u s telegraph weekend section re why he invested in gcse maths resource	0
miley . . you better watch out for nicki backstage she may throw hands	2
peyton manning . . . . . . . . . noooooooooooooooooooo ! ! ! if curtis painter is starting on sunday i am going to lose my shit .	2
just added a google hangout to the schedule see you on november ? ! details here 	0
beyonce pearl jam ed sheeran coldplay and more play at the globalcitizen festival on sept ! spread the word 	1
tomorrow shift is at am to pm . after work u c i u m going to h m for awhile . and u c is it still open ?	0
sir there are enemies in the white house .something needs to be done today not november th .clinton obama panetta petraeus lamb	2
ukraine negotiates free trade agreements with turkey and israel tass economy sat dec gm . . .	0
i went by my moms in atlanta for my th and she just knew we was going to a gay club asking ha friends we said hell no we like str clubs	0
yes taylor swift on my th birthday and of course i went to the rescheduled one	1
just as i say how good anderson has been murray goes up in the rd . of course . usopen	1
just saw u with cannavaro u c didn u t know u were here in italy ! congratz for being the nd best in the world ! ! ! legend	1
looking to hear what it is pal and looking to see your return with your pack on teen wolf b in january	1
warm up ain t deep ? friday night lights ain t deep ? born sinner ain t deep ? come on cuz . just say you like kendrick more . lol	1
saturday i m just gonna walk into disneyland and then walk right back out .	0
bentley has gone from sat up on the bed to cuddled up fast asleep after his lullaby song	1
america may run on dunkin but it walks all over anyone trying to make a living working there .	2
 personally i watch extratime on ss with mondays top class analysis who knows may the entire sa lol rt 	0
sm sold out derby ? with days still to go before the kick off sunday evening between inter and milan it is o . . .	0
 raw seth rollins i love to hate him . best heel weasle in the game in god knows how many years . monday night rollins !	0
storms are starting to pop . storm motion today in tampa bay is nw at mph so if you see dark skies to your se . . .	0
technically we have school tomorrow yes no yes it s not a goodbye it s a cough justin bieber pasquina	0
tonight i spent minutes looking for someone with amazon prime so i could order a ouija board for friday without my mom finding out adult	1
wonder how many tory voters went bed wed nite tory amp woke up thurs ukip word on the st around my neigh hood tread careful tories	0
 news sail may tie up with nfl for rs cr sindri plant nfl is the likely partner for sai . . . ak	0
if you struggle reconciling total and implicit faith in a god you u ve never seen you may not want to miss this weekend at nlc . no fear part 	1
yall fuckin with it ? kendrick lamar black friday by on soundcloud	0
fancy this paul dunne at the open at would make it a good monday	1
wow and pink friday has got to number in the albums chart . well done nicki minaj . d lt xxxx	1
happy halloween spend it with bruno mars and shenanigans	1
what a comeback by the airasia ph patriots . down late in nd after u c the pats won over the singapore slingers	1
the northwestern wildcats may not just be chicago s team but could very well be bernie sanders team ! think about . . .	0
quiet monday night in watching harry potter number and mentally preparing myself for the paperwork nightmare that awaits me tomorrow .	0
what are the odds that arian foster gets over yards monday ?	0
rudd rains on abbott u s parade kevin rudd may be trying to spoil julia gillard u s party but yesterday he gate cra . . .	2
 netanyahu obama to deliver his last state of the union on jan obama sees the iran nuclear ac . . . israel uhf	0
dear dana white do you know how you can make it up to calgary ? cowboy vs mcgregor in march for the title if donald wins 	0
kyle williams monday press conference bills defensive tackle kyle williams talks about coming back from the bye . . .	0
as a teenager in the s i loved monday night football and listening to frank gifford . even cosell and dandy don were tolerable	1
if i get to watch zlatan play today against chelsea i may just lose my mind	1
i hope i never forget about frank ocean s verse on sunday 	0
sweet sunday morning with the king . . . bob marley reggaemusic emancipateyourself	1
thank god we now have august th as the day frank gifford died instead of it being the day michael brown died .	0
 omg he s comming to mexico ! ! myworldtour ! ! ! ! i ll be on st line believe . jb rt me 	1
good luck to all the juniors tomorrow 	1
no media hallah no julush for late sepoy rachpal singh . or it may be he is not terorist like yakub .narendramodi	0
brewers beat the pirates once again ! ryan braun hits lucroy rbi s and adam kind hr . brewers pirates . tomorrow on	0
come and watch the future bees this saturday as the youth team take on leeds united at jersey road at am . then . . .	1
you are a zionist the entire world hates your kind . latest poll shows israel is the rd hated country	2
tfi friday and chris evans need to fuck off back to the s	2
rousey fighting again in january . gonna give holm the benefit of the doubt and say she may make it past a minute .	0
dematha was shocked by gonzaga on saturday . can the stags regroup in time for the wcac playoffs ? mdpreps	2
phil robertson is simply another face voice that may be able to get through to the audience as trump vs cruz would be 	0
devon alexander u s trainer says he will destroy randall bailey on september and then seek a showdown with p p . . .	0
i enjoyed kunle afolayan s latest film october st it was brilliant just like phone swap and figurine .	1
sun is shining weather is sweet makes you wanna move your dancin feet bob marley	1
can some pls tell me the name of the st song nicki performed	0
spike lee on his new project amazon s st theatrical film release chiraq art can impact the world in a positive way and a negative way . 	0
man . i remember we went to see it on a wednesday during a thunderstorm . storming on odin s day when we went to see thor .	0
oh c u mon . theres like two whole weeks between the superbowl and the daytona . that u s all the quality time i have to offer .	0
getting to know super earths pasadena ca spx oct if you have a coin and flip it just once what does that tell you abou . . .	0
dustin johnson with his best dustin johnson impersonation on the st hole at whistling straits	0
tgif ! happy friday ! we re just a few hours away from the weekend ! !	1
so i get paid tomorrow and i have no work so that means movie catch up day . southpaw paper towns vacation and tangerine are coming up .	1
i u m just going to wrap myself in the jamaican flag for america day tomorrow	0
rt remember in when obama said he would fundamentally transform the usa ? with the debt downgrade on friday we are . . .	0
be careful . . google did break and hold on the upside the ma . . will test that ma tomorrow .	0
david wright hits a homer in his st at bat off the dl phillies	0
my grandma is going to digi with me on sunday pls don t hit on her bc she s hekka fine	0
i hate the fact that bentley is sleeping in that horrible place all alone again tonight i can t wait till she s home tuesday !	0
cant wait for the match tomorrow u c bring on the barnet and bring on edgar davids !	1
does anyone remember when we had to chose racers for the iditarod thing in th grade ? i had zoya denure u c along with other people . .loll 	1
seth rollins . . .white power ranger or th member of backstreet boys in i want it that way video	0
tomorrow may be my last day in tennessee	0
blast of the war kl live life centre from pm day ft may ftg rockers brain dead logam . dont miss it 	0
arrogant ! came to st debate knowing he u s leading in polls so he didn u t have to prepare ! then romney shows he can be potus .	2
fuck im sad last tuesday i was at harry potter studio tours having the greatest time ever	0
barely going to sleep after watching dexter all evening ! i love this show !	1
 nd coming will blacks america debate the election bet i u m tired of hearing ppl say potus haven u t done anything blks	2
kimsfirstladytodolist make kanye west appreciation day by having wednesday renamed to westday	0
it s easy if you re donald trump . i m the greatest ! the rest are losers and rd rate ! 	2
i don t know who but someone is partying with fat thor tomorrow	0
 congress will smash rss says rahul gandhi via you can also try this as the th generation .	0
ice cube s friday ona friday just slaps too hard .	0
re levein discussion on wed . can u t keep changing boss u c but he is far too negative . brazil gone u c new boss cud experiment .	2
a senior official told nick clegg that the previous gvrment cough tony blair okay ed mass survelliance of brits .	0
sonia gandhi and rahul gandhi have been summoned by a delhi court in connection with the case on december 	0
i text you earlier re the xc relay u s on sat u c andy needs to know if you are running	0
good luck to the football development programme players in there st game against chelsea afcb	1
curtis painter . . .we have a chance again ! can t believe kerry collins didn t throw us a pick six tonight	1
scott walker pretends that building a wall on the canadian border to keep out terrorists is a serious idea .	2
i concur with your coach . its you ! amextennis good luck tomorrow against federer !	1
just got twitter here s me and digi mon	1
i want to see u in november but i don t want to have to listen to their shit new songs .	2
i m going to be so tired tomorrow but all i want to do is reblog hannibal related stuff on tumblr . cries hannibal	1
is going to be the rd man on the team of and dean ambrose at nightofchampions ?	0
yoga s been around for years but the sun salutation has only existed years . interesting programme on bbc .	1
i think i may try the sydney dalton diet . .wish me luck	1
by john whitesides miami fla sept reuters when you are joe biden it s not easy being quiet . while the normally loquacious vice	0
 mercedes niki lauda also dismisses the report telling spanish media the agreement between alonso and mclaren was signed last thursday 	2
in watching david miliband on the sunday shows one re realizes that the wrong miliband ran against david cameron .	0
isntall the newest version and you may chance your mind !	1
i can t wait to buy elha s album amp see her shows may you continue giving justice to mariah carey songs . deserved to win ! tvk finale lambily	1
i m just sat here waiting for work to come around and jimmy s at the ice cube q a and i ve just missed an opportunity to interview kurt vile	0
george osborne has never been eurosceptic . when i st met him in mid s he opposed ruling out joining euro	2
anyone want to go to sam smith october th ? ? ?	0
if i buy you a ticket to ed sheeran in dallas on september th will you go with me	0
my latest reaction to the undertaker return and how monday night raw went down with him and brock lesnar wwe	0
tomorrow apple inc . will introduce the s a new apple tv and the ipad pro .	1
man u c bye . i gotta work all day and drive to houston tomorrow .	0
my dad is enjoying twilight lmao . . . he keeps tellin me to shush while i quote every nd line bc he wants to watch it	1
david bowie on friday took another dive into the space theme that has run through his career releasing blackstar .	1
 we say we have problems but putting life in to perspective we have such fortunate lives you may be martin luther king .	1
carly fiorina campaign on fire as she surges up to rd tcot carly 	0
moto g nd gen gb black white at rs . motorola in association flipkart is back again with a bang where . . .	1
we re still on the th spot . we can do this ! mtvstars the vamps	1
jurassic world is back in theatres ? i think i should probably go for the th time then ! ! !	1
just watched the amazing spiderman for the st time and it is amazing i loved that i truly missed danny elfman s score though	1
ppssssssttt it u s tomorrow ! ! ! don u t sit outside tomorrow and jam to lana del rey u c u c you u ll burn ! ! k u c bye	0
we aren t too far apart nicki . in fact we may be at the same point . i don t remember if i stopped at or .	0
i just realized that thalia is going to be tortured tomorrow for an hour lmao	2
did any of you party with jeremy evans in dallas on saturday at the posh cool down at club posh ?	0
 job baltimore nd shift operations leader baltimore pdc at toyota baltimore md toyota nyse tm the w . . .	0
chat chand rat pm se eid wale din subh am light band eid k nd day pm se rat am light nahe thi eid ka rd day pm light band hogai . . .	0
rt want to wish legendary broadcaster lloyd robertson a great final newscast tonight . the man is a total class act . ctv l . . .	1
zayn and justin are both working in the studio . what if they re planning a secret collab ? the world may never know ! stay tuned . . .	0
mort zuckerman i can just change who i am plenty of u c not to mention all i may give is in fact all my love .	1
dunkin is the most important one so go there first	1
prince george turns his best style moments he may be just two but just like mom kate middleton royal toddle . . .	1
john kasich is crushing it tonight . he ll see a huge bump tomorrow . undecided republican in cleveland ohio	1
the only thing scarier than kanye west running for president is that there s a slight chance kim kardashian may be the first lady . .	2
friday night an it u s dead . suppose i should go bed u c watch spartacus and nurse a glass of rum as i have no coke sendmetoasleep	2
i want to see you guys at the allentownfair on sept but not eric church . . . . firstworldproblems	1
but if zlatan is available for a reasonable fee it may well be worth going for for an immediate solution .	1
can u t wait mon ! check out bill carter u s piece in the prime time stern 	1
if carly fiorina is left out of the upcoming debate it may and possibly will backfire on cnn . trump is not influencing cnn is he ?	2
anxiously looking forward to ac dc on tuesday night with bob wilson kyle wilson and kelsey suisse ! who else is going ? ? ?	1
shocking ! warriors may actually have the best coaching staff in the pacific division . gsw nba lakers clippers suns kings	1
yeah well done dickhead so the ira and kkk are muslim narrowmindedprick	2
calum tweeted the lyrics back in march and now we re just finding out . . . he once tweeted nirvana lyrics can we expect an in bloom cover pls	0
is anyone trying to go with me on september th to see madonna ?	1
for hometown on saturday what tube stop is gay bar near ? and what time can we arrive at the club ?	0
their first music video without zayn and it may just be their best one yet . dragmedownvevorecord	1
oops meant milan . i don t know man . . i have this weird feeling . he may want a new challenge and pull a juve . with us .	0
can t wait for sunday at battleground randy orton is going to distroy sheamus .	1
who will be evicted julia or meg ? it s a doubleeviction baby ! a weeks worth of big brother in hr live tomorrow at pm on bb 	0
i hope my better half is feeling better today ! i will be so sad if we can t climb mount snowdon tomorrow ! was so looking forward to it !	1
news in the dmv commuters face terrible traffic tuesday shot fatally in dc shootings hot nats lose harper calls out fans	2
tomorrow at pm is the bulldog welcome at top taggart ! afterwards relax and watch the free screening of jurassic world bulldogbeginnings	1
mizzou beats kentucky ! tigers advance to face top seed florida in the semis on friday at p .m .	1
even if it s an announced segment i still mark out when sting is on my tv on monday nights . raw	1
made vanilla fudge tastes incredible making chocolate but stopped cus it got late finishing it tomorrow d all for	1
tomorrow don t forget the hume brophy annual healthcare conference w simmons amp simmons . check out the agenda ! 	1
talk about illuminati ! kanye west for president ? please tell me we find out it was a pr stunt tomorrow . .	2
he had death threats in july i think but it was for tonight at metlife .	0
no shit ? he looks awesome . randy orton in the nd one made me uncomfortable .	1
justin s only the rd ever to begin at in the hot s year history he s also the youngest male to debut .	1
a need to be in edinburgh murry park in the next hour to start the set up for foo fighters tomorrow but am still in bed so that won t happen	2
ghost rider sucks compared to the st u c my mom ash are looking at it and i told them the same haha .	2
on the basis of which values has islam raised the most distinguished scientists ? sun provo	0
i m just waiting for floyd mayweather to announce that he fighting september th ! ! ! ! ! i m waiting to book his shit ! ! !	1
it s dunkin donut friday at lca . enjoy a fresh treat and cod milk in the cafeteria !	1
strong revenue growth at tudou but the company keeps on bleeding heavily 	2
mitt i want unicorns . and to regrow dinosaurs . i want st . patrick s day . and every month is march . ohwaitthatsmydreamwishlist	0
big mix up people u c channing tatum is not here u c it u s just anthonee bercik u c autographs tomorrow .	2
 . family yoga at returns on september ! join us for a free class on the lawn 	0
frank gifford was the man on monday night football rip	0
tune in to tomorrow . i m sitting down with gop presidential candidate jeb bush .	1
this just in ! ! ! i will be performing in the nina tribute show this friday at the creative alliance ! ! as a special guest of jonathan gilmore	1
going to be seth rollins bitch this sun raw	0
bbog group believes that boko haram can be defeated by december but want tangible info from govt 	0
happy birthday nick j may you live long and happy 	1
sister is rubbing it in my face the fact that she has no school tomorrow and i do u c ulazysackofshit thalia its all love though lmao	2
go set a watchman the only other novel by harper lee set to be a hit as it s released in stores tomorrow ! goodreads	1
bringing our sr highschool girls bball team from edmonton down to cali for a tournament be at the dec a	0
your conversation on race species in the cyphersystem gave me much to think about . i may make a post on google .	1
i mean th to nd of course . . . nd to maillot jaune tonight ! ! ! go cadel ! ! !	1
veteran day program for dda on the th let us not forget the men of pow mia and i want to thank all the soldiers for their service .	0
i think tomorrow while the servers are down that i will have myself a jurassic park marathon . d	1
sam smith in the omen music video may have turned me gay for a few moments	1
when brentley turns . years old on saturday he ll be at half his life expectancy .	0
if only it was possible to be part of the blackpool illuminations concert on friday !	0
you re serving big tonight you ll play murray on monday and you ll struggle to get your first serves in play .	0
all glory honor and everlasting thanksgiving to the god of israel ! happy rd day ! ! ! mcgithankfultogod	1
got caught up on sat amp sun s paper . pretty upset that the lexington herald leader put a go set a watchman spoiler on the front page .	2
our director chris brown is live on scotland today from pm talking about stayalive app on its st bday over k dwnloads	0
listened to no vaseline by ice cube for the st time in years today . it made me realize how wack the drake vs meek mill beef was .	0
star wars day is may today is just the release of the new movie duh . bad guy is going to be han and leia s kid calling it	1
 going to the celtics game wednesday . d take me	0
going to south korea or japan for research in my th semester . .wow it u ll be amazing faith	1
auzzie is really proud of being the nd person to comment on zayn s nipples when that cover came out lol	0
psg s asking price for adrien rabiot is million . milan have shown previous interest in the central midfielder . the sun 	0
cant bud going to kentucky . if you wait till sunday fun day id like to go .	1
this sunday join us for living in the valley . 	0
i ve been sat in bed for the past hours listening to ed shawn and jacob and i ve been bawling my eyes out what is happening to me	1
runrig has just come on in the car getting me so excited for saturday 	1
am wondering did real madrid have nd thoughts on de gea ? ? mite see him tell real to get about it and sign a new deal !	0
detailed look at why gawker thinks the fbi may have covered for hulk hogan 	0
oddly dustin johnson may be better served to play the final round chasing not being chased . he can play to win not play not to lose .	2
happy friday ! get your dance moves ready for the weekend with brad pitt amp jimmy fallon s dance battle ! marketing	1
is this for the foo fighters . is it saturday or sunday night you are asking about please ?	0
 fcb real madrid are set to host fc barcelona on th august and coach carlo ancelotti believes that the catal . . .	0
lol just pathetic . and see us in milan by may	2
if you go to sunday church service in bethlehem you will see christians praying to allah	0
frank gifford was a giant on the field before he spent a career on monday night football .	1
i can t believe i m going to see frank ocean this saturday yasss	1
josh hamilton was scratched from the rangers lineup wednesday due to left knee soreness .	2
so knott s tomorrow lmao ima have my bro drive since he licensed . aye you drivin ? lmao not my car thov	1
attn that not afraid group shot in paris is not from tonight . . . that s from after charlie hebdo in january . . . sigh social media .	0
what you doing tomorrow ? im trying to find plans to get out of going plymouth w parents	0
you might enjoy these pics i took at arsenal vs galatasaray on wed	1
floyd mayweather puts undefeated record on the line with announcement of final fight	1
in the spirit of sharing . world of tomorrow . mad max fury road . tangerine . magic mike xxl . buzzard . ex machina	1
til that the band the hanson was in katy perry s musics video last friday night .	0
 spews out of bed like chuck norris in a sequined tux making a series of ass related typos during the marriage proposal that is tuesday 	2
leaked pictures suggest the galaxy note may also come in golden colors .	1
i may have to move to cuba if he does	0
because i went to my st match when i was ? my last match was the carling cup final . ddliverpool	0
flying around the world for free sounds great but this rolling stone profile may make you change your mind .	0
what gameplay do yall want to see tomorrow ? smash naruto dbx yugioh ?	0
meetings in edmonton tomorrow morning . shopping in the afternoon . football game in the evening . drinks afterwards ? where ?	0
but this is not the st time that juventus is maximizing the potentials of ex milan players . .cannavaro and edgar davids are similar cases	2
discussing the t swift vs k perry feud with boyf he was unaware . he s a big fan of both . he says he s torn . may have to boycott bad blood .	0
carly fiorina ditches the stump speech standing atop the iowa state fair soapbox on monday republican presid . . .	0
seriously can t wait until tuesday . . . really want to make the new batman trilogy my next purchase for myself but wondering if they re . . .	1
i feel like dustin johnson always has the lead early on and . . . well you know	1
star wars day is tomorrow !the doors open to the quaker theater at am ! the movie starts at am the cost is for the whole day !	1
this is one of my favourite things about chesters u c the pizza u s taste fantastic ! alternative to a sunday lunch ?	1
wish all the best n rahul gandhi may try good luck for up cm with sure success	1
 ruth may yahweh reward your work and may a full reward be given to you from yahweh the god of israel under whose wings y . . . bible	0
chicago il sun times jeb bush gets personal with amp germophobe amp donald trump . more chicago news 	0
i do not want a repeat of strawberry festival bus ride home from buckwheat this friday .	2
sun like this after dark days doesn t happen without a song in my head . thank you george harrison .	1
 flexthursday ! ! dis thursday ! ! ! ! !wit crows nest we calln out da whol souf kum kick it wit flex	0
tomorrow s national hot dog day	0
playstation network maintenance monday if you u re looking to play psn games this upcoming monday u c you better sign in . . .	0
got science pssa s tomorrow . what s the point of retaking them when i did all the study island remediation already ? school sucks man .	2
new poll places kasich th in gop field ohio gov . john kasich narrowly made the top ten among republican pre . . .	0
chelsea are going to write a blank check to juventus for pogba tomorrow .	0
abreu with his th of the season . white sox b .	0
shahbaz humayun to iran shia read st kalma of muslim or announce you are not muslims or else iran and all shia . . .	2
who getting them gucci foams friday . i didn t like them until i just seen a better picture of them	0
don t worry if you missed national ice cream day its ice cream day at our hotel every sunday w our sweet summer . . .	1
photos the th hour fear of none played the basement at santos party house	0
it s a bob marley morning ! i may or may not have been dancing up and down the hall to the copier . 	1
you wouldn t believe how many demon fans want you to succeed col kick some butt today and be back for the eagles .	1
in a reversal carly fiorina now likely to make main stage at the next republican debate carly fiorina may ha . . .	1
game day . . arsenal ladies vs turbine potsdam . . champions league last st leg . . get down and support the gooners . . ! ! uwcl alfc	0
i m going to miguel migs at nikki beach miami in miami fl mar 	0
i like how u mentioned cowboys st rt nfl network tlk abt the sme teams evryday ! cowboys jets steelers ravens colts packers	1
 comedy no surprises . i was sat next to a child drinking red wine . this is what it s come to tom cruise .	1
when the wild wind blows by iron maiden will forever be one of my fave songs . keen for the new album on friday !	1
let s just skip first period tomorrow and go eat breakfast at ihop .	1
photoset sunrise has gone iron maiden performing running free on top of the pops november . this . . .	0
departure of ship arabian oryx port abu dhabi time nov am utc time of arrival departure is the time the vessel a . . .	0
i knew jay z was getting old but i forgot about eminem . he looks something !	1
 k day ! they just honored matt cain . gave him the key the city and made every june th from here forward matt cain day !	1
chameleon u may want to preach this to muslims as they seem to misinterpret too	0
 yoga and bier this saturday with annamarie at ! donation yoga bring for bier . all proceeds go to	1
hillary clinton caitlyn jenner and nobel peace prize winner malala yousafzai will kick off the th season of . . .	0
just your typical sunday . . .spieth and day there in the end while dustin johnson falls apart in his final round	0
guys . today is star wars day ! ! ! ! may the force be with you . . .or awaken . . .or whatever . i m too excited to get facts right .	1
good morning you can t stop me from buying the nokia n meego maemo	1
wow federer wastes bps with isner s nd serves . fed on bps tonight	1
 weezerjkt rockstarmarylive beverly hills that s where i want to be ! but not on jan th because i want to be in lap . d !	1
recap espy awards in case you missed the espy awards held in la last friday here are the . . .	0
samsung will show its new galaxy hardware at august event hot on the heels of more galaxy note photos le . . .	1
in other news had a great saturday on the town with and my old uni friend at a david bowie tribute orchestra p	1
i wrote this earlier u c do you agree that kg may be a less likeable ray lewis ?	0
thank god ! there s a field trip tomorrow . going to the smith center 	1
i u m going to richie hawtin at buffalo in new york u c ny oct 	0
 redsox saltalamacchia is the th catcher to hit hr in back to back seasons for bos . others carlton fisk u c rich gedman u c jason varitek .	0
i hope you have an amazing day tomorrow at digi love you	1
rock im park busted me on sunday . . . i got in illegally . soon i may get a problem . . was for hours with the police . . .	2
 but guys kony is dead apparently he died in june or july he s been dead for a while now tbh am i the only person who knew oops 	2
i may have just dropped two letter grades of intelligence after listening to that kanye west rant . . .	2
april i don t have an obsession with conor mcgregor mendez righttt hun .	0
keep voting for lady gaga by just retweeting this tweet ! voting ends tomorrow ! mtvstars lady gaga	0
cava is looking forward for one of the biggest event of the year . the strawberry festival in main st . watsonville from sat sun p .	1
what up jd can t wait to hear off the script part tomorrow sting will be on raw this monday ? have good one bro .	1
twilight market tomorrow pm all you need for a very merry xmas ham pork vegies wine 	1
wait to yall see the jeremy evans from the utah jazz highlight on sportscenter tomorrow ! !	0
turkey to hold snap polls on nov erdogan turkish president recep tayyip erdogan announced friday he would . . .	0
sorry he s not at the phone right meow but josh hamilton can help you 	0
i m going to protest that lame donald trump on the th . . .so stoked .	0
rt lol imma real madrid fan i dont want barca to win d . and i can see that barca is winning crap haha . c mon real f . . .	0
i hope all the fans stayed into the th to watch harper go . nats	1
sat in the pub have a non alcoholic beverage before going to see ant man .	0
so is it true that kris bryant will win nl roy as long as he is still breathing in october ? does he even need to swing the bat again ?	0
may be leaving in may to tour canada with of temples . beckley summersville shows the first of the year aswell . see you guys soon !	1
top pct of rushing plays sea . u c hou . u c wsh . u c buf . u c sf . . . . bears are th with . 	0
why is no one talking about the fact that niall s birthday is almost here . or the fact the boys can drop the th album any day now	0
amazon prime day beat black friday but did they make any money ? via logistics supplychain	1
our tuesday tv pick is the grand finale of styled to rock and they ve got a riri challenge !	0
i ll set my dvr to record the encore so i can watch nicki s performance tomorrow .	1
this is very true . although they ve taken the wednesday repeats off for big brother 	0
imaaa lay it alllllllllllll on the table tomorrow .	0
i don t really know when i started to be interested with u s music but i can say that original of the species was the st u song i liked .	1
looking forward to some march fourth marching band madness tonight at	1
anyone wanna get dunkin together tomorrow morning and just chat ? ? ?	1
i heard that is on jonathan ross sat . i u m gearing up for the super pout .	1
what will happen to the clemency plea before the president ? sc says yakub can be executed on thursday .	0
only looking forward to going to ihop with sarah in nicole tomorrow morning	0
breaking with a strong finish today tiger woods may break into the world top 	1
 mp ne i am the best dj marcelo rocha st kpop mix mp download . music database songs video file music song	1
today is months since the march start of saudi arabia s us and uk assisted war on yemen . there is no end in sight .	2
it u s going to be a sad day in port charles tomorrow ! jasonmorgan stonecold	2
this friday we celebrate mock the love of avril and chad .	1
st .lucie mets take a lead to the th inning . david wright will lead off the bottom of the inning .	0
zayn is the only reason that i might watch the vmas tomorrow	1
i think i ll go watch magic mike xxl at the theatre again tomorrow . i m in that kind of mood . i need me some male stripper action !	1
madden for xbox one and ps for . ends i think on saturday night went to a target store and saw it	1
i may have just gotten my friend into kpop	0
i used to love john cena until it started being reported that he was politicking nikki s push . it seems obvious .	2
still get abc and sbs gotta be the aerial . looks like i ll be making the climb tomorrow .	0
my brother s going to be as old as niall tomorrow then after days nialls going to be older again its nonsense i just wanted to mention it	0
more good news i recently won th place at the san diego county fair homebrew competition for my dunkelweizen .	1
happy tgif ! i pray that everyone in the states has a safe and restful labor day weekend . see you all sunday . . . .pastor gary	1
merkel has gone mad ! merkel calls germans vile for protesting the rd world invasion of their country by muslims	2
then you would be so good that they would ask you to be there th member and you would mend there broken hearts after zayn left	0
i do have some complaints about this this beautiful sunday night . first miley handled that well . nicki should be . . .	0
eimear mullan is still in nd spot as the marathon starts in ironman wales .	0
on this day in august smackdown daniel bryan vs . randy orton	0
picturehouse s pink floyd s roger waters the walll opening sept is now making waves . watch the trailer on rolling stone look . . .	0
still hungover and what not with no plans on this saturday evening so this means i should see paper towns again right ?	0
we thought it would be a great idea to read the brand new go set a watchman by harper lee starting august st !	1
yea look at the st tweet of briana s failed tweets she posted she tweeted this pic earlier 	0
the cab intoxicated lyric video via thanks radio for giving me the nd best song in the world 	1
hi karly briana nalumfe d u want to get free iph ne ? please kindly check my bi . thx	0
washington gop presidential hopeful and louisiana gov . bobby jindal suggested on sunday that to stem illegal immigration the solution	0
yes they seem to be in quite a mess at bcfc hope you beat spurs tomorrow	2
breaking from the th commandment scott walker targets jeb bush in a new video	0
i want ice cube to stop making all these other movies and give us that last friday 	0
interested in serving in the church ? there will be training for altar servers in madonna on september at pm altarserver ramblers luc	0
 tamilnadu bear with me for the power crisis jayalalithaa chief minister jayalalithaa on wednesday asked the . . .	0
i wionder if hisd has school tomorrow . . i want to visit my elementary school 	0
win tickets to see ms . janet jackson live this afternoon with richard ryder ! janet jackson live september at . . .	1
 awesome tomorrow starts the day festival uc davis known as the whole earth festival . this weekend is gonna be sunny ! i m off too !	1
who u s going the homecoming game friday ? brookwood vs central 	0
just got madonna tickets for the nd night at msg for myself and matthew carl brucker toles . . . . . which means . . .	1
 . . the civil engineering general assembly . divergence dare to be younique . ready na ba performances niyo ? see you tomorrow !	1
i ll just go is there any possible way i could get to milan on the th of october she ll probably start laughing at me lol	0
chris brown amp trey s remixes to tuesday hours made me amp studio are better than all the originals	1
thinking a bolt action . may have to be in the cards for valentine u s day or something .	0
theater of the new thur eve blue covenant maude barlow world water crisis w water we see the oneness of the world	1
who wants to go with me to get my tattoo tomorrow ? i ll buy you dunkin doughnuts	0
playing indianapolis this saturday at the white rabbit u c with ko and street spirits gotta go to this one !	0
hillary s campaign now reset for the th time . adding humor and heart to a person that has neither sadtrombone	2
i hate to do this but the next games us yankee fans have to root for the red sox to help the yankees get back in st place .	0
so plan for tomorrow u c morning jits with frankie and tom u c open mat drilling and specific train with my great friends then pho	0
sooooo . . . . we think you whovians may have just crashed the people u s choice awards site . doctorwho or u c . . .	2
this was probably the best rowdy roddy piper thing ever living in alcatraz before fighting hulk hogan via	1
tottenham boss andre villas boas has confirmed he has no plans to sell emmanuel adebayor in the january	0
rated r loud talk that talk and good girl gone bad music of the sun a girl like me	0
didi gregorius went for with a home run and three runs scored and the yankees outlasted the red sox on wednesday .	0
hoping i m close for lolla to give you a camera for almfancam bc there s no way i can be early miss paul mccartney on friday	0
scott walker may be nuts but under the right circumstances ? i m just saying don t over think this . soundingoff	2
twitter overhauls ipad app with responsive design july	1
samsung s galaxy note will be officially announced tomorrow here s a quick look at it	1
happy sabbath day to christians all over the world from tomorrow saturday to sunday	1
skills crisis is key flaw in george osborne s productivity plan says cbi . girls are the answer lets talk .	0
 germany s leader angela merkel to run for th term she is in talks about her election campaign according to derspiegel	0
gonna change my tumblr theme . i hope i can finish it later so that tomorrow u c i can practice my performance on english monologue . 	1
i hate jon for making me watch the kurt cobain documentary because i ll end up listening to nirvana all day tomorrow .	0
looking at my gucci it s about that time . bldg nd floor . giaf art charcoal drawing gucci	0
thinking about going to the white sox on the th to cheer for the redsox redsox 	1
increase windows performance in easy steps . . . complete with windows you may find you re lacking some po . . .	0
rt rt these golf balls with pelosi s face on them allegedly distributed at boehner fundraiser today . . . .	0
wife said that s little keelan ? i said yup tomorrow he will be in his cap and gown ! gr kid u !	0
tgif thank god its friday if you could hop on a bus and travel anywhere in zambia right now where would you . . .	1
oh blessed be shawn is still hotter than the sun . bless rider strong . . . my first non cartoon tv crush . have mercy fans face 	1
awesome talk from awesome in the star apprentice class tonite on social media ! just in time for super tuesday !	1
either live within the laws of nigeria or you take a hike to iran where you have publicly pledged your allegiance to	2
okay so today is tatum tuesday ! retweet if you like channing tatum !	1
seeing carrie underwood on the cma u s is making me beyond excited for saturday night u c carrie and hunter hayes u c here we come ! ! 	1
 st of all . . .why didn t meek help nicki to the stage . i would have cussed him to filth	2
althought the jets may have won in the last hour against the pats last season no one should doubt how much this offseason has stirred up .	0
my first day of work after months of holidays starts tomorrow . i m ok as long as i can see u 	1
little game to cure your thursday boredom thanks to iron maiden if the boss catches you playing we didn t show . . .	1
 texans top supplemental draft prospect josh gordon conducted an individual pro day workout with the texans on tuesday	0
the one that i liked the nd best was bobby jindal .	1
thanks bobby ! see you guys in december in the smith center	1
dean ambrose gets the last laugh tonight on raw results 	0
if steve or johnny mac get evicted i may be done with this season of big brother . i can t stand james or vanessa either . bigbrother 	2
while the news channels divulge on the prospect of postponing the hanging of yakub the proceedings may very well have begun by now .	0
who s better paul mccartney or john lennon ? get the facts from mickrock ontherecord premieres sunday et pt	0
scots why they think the approach may work but there are basic questions that can bluetooth wifi smoke signal would be that tory donors nee	2
louisiana s republican governor bobby jindal told fox and friends friday morning that he s suspending his . . .	0
we u re excited about our cinemonkeys session before the lorax next wed st perfect half term entertainment ! cm . pm u c lorax at . pm	1
finishing jurassic park for like the th time tomorrow . film class is gonna have a lot of reruns for me . all the batman films star wars . .	1
arsenal could buy psg s lavezzi in the january transfer window after admitting that he is likely to leave arsenal	0
wwe announcer he s slithering in . . . randy orton is in a place we ve never seen him before ! randy orton floating in the th dimension 	1
so this friday theres an open mic in ajax we u re gunna test out some tunes at . anyone can play u c if you wanna experiment with a crowd u c holla !	0
im watching the katy perry movie . . on a saturday night lol what does that make me ?	0
australia day t international to kick start the ultimate australia day long weekend sat jan 	0
i have a three hour car dried tomorrow and calibraska is gunna be on repeat the whole time calibraksaep	1
spoke to a sheikh from dubai at goodison on sunday with his full costume on i gave him our details he said hell be in touch for lfc glasses	0
according to a new poll carly fiorina is the republican presidential candidate of choice after thursday night s debates ! yeah carly ! tcot	1
persons who are favoring yakub menen may be happy on gurdaspur attack . those persons should also be hanged till death along with yakub .	2
dear future shawn you re going to be so hungover tomorrow	0
mehdi hasan just aced it on the sunday politics .	1
wrong . us may get a paper with iran s signature and kerry may get hopeful hug from zarif .all depends on khamenei lol	1
they are absolutely blind to zayn s good nature . use lame excuses to hate on him bc they just bitter still .	2
i am a big fan and i would love to v you on aw on ps . i am on the th prestige th master prestige and i am pretty skilled .	1
nokia n in nine seconds by ian posted on the th of july at am global the nokia n is fast . so fast that a regular s . . .	1
 tech apple announces major update to the apple watch for september th	0
really ! so lucky matt harvey is pitching it s david wright s st home game since coming off the disabled list !	0
iran says new u .s . visa rule may violate nuclear pact now it s starting to make sense .	2
the jimmy mcgovern doc just highlights everything that was released on wed do you think id protect people if i thought they d kill me son ? 	0
go to the bell game tomorrow i u ll take you for . a littlle whippa	0
what does everyone think between the undertake and brock lesnar on monday night way ? staged or real ? ? ?	0
welcome to the veep joe biden kicking off a two day visit south florida wednesday .	0
seven penny stocks on the move with heavy volume april 	0
selling one jason aldean ticket for the darien lake show on thursday august th ! . contact me if you are interested !	0
imaaa be quiet all day tomorrow . . .	0
rick perry came in behind john kasich and will not be in the debate tomorrow . he s fallen quite a bit since being . . .	0
david price s last start against the yankees on april . ip h er bb k	0
zumba with and easy day tomorrow . .ina dress . interesting	1
moto g rd gen vs . xiaomi mi i your pick ? moto g rd gen . of voters agree with me .	0
calibraska comes out tomorrow . . .i m gonna cry and turn up at the same time .	1
i hate that they have about active universes around . also having to take from batman s villain stable ? c mon .	2
mohamed morsi u c egypt u s muslim brotherhood president u c instructed the supreme council of the armed forces thursday . . .	0
gavin henson looks set to miss the rugby world cup after dislocating a bone in his right wrist yesterday	2
sign of the times ? bbc news encyclopaedia britannica ends its famous print edition	2
the shoxx where kiryu appears in the company of r shitei is out ! it is the number of november with cover mucc . . .	0
 tickets for sam smith concert sept cheap ! flew our family of here fir the concert ! beyond upset !	0
that was toronto i believe . i was about two feet to the left here th row . when niall threw himself to the floor wow !	1
new mixtape monday ! ! ! hosted by and trina ! ! ! i keeps it moving ! ! ! !	0
zlatan ! cavani has been unhappy about playing nd fiddle to ibrahimovic . . . he s signing a new contract ! zlatan to mufc ?	0
been with shawn every day since last friday . booooa i could get use to being with him everyday .	1
rt if the votes are for the best album then pj harvey will win tonight	1
kanye west would make a better president than donald trump . i m just saying also grapple seed will be back on monday .	1
similar situation happened in the dolphins game where they ran on rd down to run clock . . difference is jets don t have aaron rodgers	0
 sounds like the rd quarter score between warriors and suns not the final .	0
meek mill boobie gibson derrick rose were in the same th grade class .	0
beautiful saturday morning listening to hot sxm while getting ready for jason aldean and kenny chesney tonight	0
one of the most random trips . venice beach in a monday	0
you know you washed when you defending beyonce on instagram on a saturday night .	0
tomorrow seth rollins s wwe title reign will surpass that of randy orton s at days . i saw randy win that title live in miami at the aaa	0
ambrose vs . big show ? you people are wasting dean ambrose . just when monday gets good big show amp taker make me change the channel . raw	2
well i m out dogs see u all friday when i will send tweets about garbage cheating trash ryan braun . good night	2
we re just over hrs away from the wpsl elite championship in rochester vs the formidable rd time s a charm red stars !	1
happy friday a health worker who may have had contact with ebola is on a frigging cruise ship	2
check out our super paint party on tfi friday with amp presenter chris evans ! tfifriday	1
pretty stupid when you lie to the media they may never believe you again . sam smith could have found a different answer !	2
oh my god ! nah man ! luckily its not until this saturday think someone said to me its the nickname for st patricks day ? o .o	1
had no plans of seeing paper towns but love may look into it .	1
i don u t want to take act tomorrow . 	2
hanging out here tomorrow but friday i will be down in prince george with my aunt .	0
it may have not been the best idea to name our mascot the beaver . . .still better than ducks	0
happy birthday may you watch batman and robin all day	1
anybody know how to get the tickets to the singapore masters cup the singapore indoor stadium next sunday ?	0
new violence erupted in the west bank thursday with four palestinian attackers shot dead by israeli forces as israel recoiled over a video	2
on mar i enthusiastically wrote the above about tsipras . now unfortunately i m terribly disappointed about his leadership .	2
og doge is th of july other doge is valentine s day kaylei s is today	0
which means if andrade wins she could get rousey next .	0
get the popcorn or coffee in my case ready folks . hour till the new iphone event ! tuning in from asheville nc .	1
i wanna see friday with al green so bad . missing my pinkroom family ! ! 	2
islam is an abrahamic faith andrew . it may make you feel a little uneasy but it s the same god you worship . sorry .	2
chris brown is me when me and my girl on good terms and that dude in blue in the back is when we re not	1
canna beat the ginger squirrel chris evans and tfi friday	1
watching nhk for the th time in the last years . welcome to depression .	1
i rememeber i was an th grader in a while were about to be jr u s wow .	0
bhai jaan it was not unintentionally u clrly mention yakub is innocent may be ur driving it was night time u know	2
new poster for our gig at st david u s hall in april with ruthie henshall and	0
wvu goes for it on every th down . is our kicker worst than cundiff ?	2
hang tiger not yakub says salman mumbai july bollywood superstar salman khan has come out against the . . .	0
i get way too hype about october fuck february halloween is my valentine s day	2
when does the ipod touch th gen come out ?	0
carly fiorina gets promoted to the top table for the sep cnn republican nominee debate	1
project in march or whenever the fuck i feel like i should playing dark souls and focus .	2
whacha know about that soul rebels ? bob marley amp wailers st album released outside jamaica . vinylrecordday reggae	1
eu welcomes laos entry to wto on october the european commission backed world trade organisation wto deci . . .	1
once upon a time i smashed my face into my keyboard and accidentally wrote the th twilight book .	2
i just started watching teen wolf and one day i may wear bright colours	1
for any amazon prime members today is amazon prime day ! which is said to be bigger than black friday . if you are . . .	1
migraine since saturday a blood vessel burst yesterday in the eye where it u s located . any more and i u ll be rocking a marie colvin eyepatch	2
till june nalang ang botohan ! so make sure you vote deniesse u c wendy u c jazz and divine on fhm sexiest ! thv u spride !	1
damn someone saved holder from the earthquake ! technically dont know why w biden out obama always out boehner is rd in line !	2
telling me to stop is like telling fleetwood mac to stop thinking about tomorrow they ll never do it	1
i see you still have that tiger woods tingle going up your leg . is the st church of tiger woods still active ?	0
 they say the sun shines for all but in some people world it never shine at all bob marley .	0
just tested my moto g nd gen for the stagefright exploit and it is vulnerable so i changed to a patched sms app and set as default .	0
from the makers of the sharknado franchise comes a new movie on saturday called lavalantula . i must see this .	1
get pumped for the new season of justified ! ! january	1
it may just be me focusing on the losses but murray s tie break record seems shite in my head in big games at least .	0
melky cancels the postgame show with a ground rule double to right . st white sox hit and baserunner . outs for avi .	0
really want to go see ed sheeran on september th in toronto 	0
john cena stuff is getting old very fast . this may have been the death knell .	0
pedro ramos depay zlatan gaitan otamendi di maria . . . quiet day for mufc then . . .	1
my shift was cancelled for tomorrow . time watch naruto and cowboy bebop all day . mylife	1
sam and sat in a dunkin donuts for an hour bc i thought i locked my keys in the car but they were actually in my pocket the whole time 	0
i turned on monday night raw and in the first seconds randy orton rko d people talk about a perfect storm	1
world should appreciate incredible restraint israel is showing in the face of repeated attacks against its citizens !	0
if any good can come of this it ll be george osborne s remains being fished out of a canal in manchester one sunday morning .	2
curtis we won t be going to the etihad to make up the numbers	2
sam smith s voice alone proves he isn t trash you may not like his style but you can t deny that voice	1
there s an eid fair thing in mcr on fri sat . i ll almost definitely be there tomorrow to push kids off the best rides	0
rt i just realized the teen choice awards were tonight at ! i hope rob kristen and anything twilight related wins !	1
cannot believe i ve just downloaded an avenged sevenfold track to play alongside mariah carey and bow wow tomorrow lol	0
going to the beach ? listen to bob marley kick back relax and enjoy the sun as thomas h green selects the be . . .	1
rt st rule of the code don t get caught dexter	0
 lt curtis gt as you may have seen in previous posts jen has done an amazing job on the chalkboard . that being said . . .	1
i see a bit of christian in him u c at st i wnt him for the role until i saw matt . i loved him more wen i got watch white collar .	1
wish i was there tomorrow ! tea party to gather with trump cruz palin against iran deal via	1
caitlyn jenner i won t answer questions about the crash . . . for now via	0
the original reason will be playing a show night only for the curtis family this saturday night . . .	0
rt st rule of the code don t get caught dexter	0
report russian hackers behind jpmorgan chase attack they may have struck about nine other financial inst . . .	0
doesn t even feel real that i m starting sixth form tomorrow in my head i m still years old and obsessed with john cena and triple h	0
okay ! st what type of content will the site have ? example g g b g solo fetish ?	0
i ll never forget valentine s day back in th grade like seriously i got the cutest present ever ! no one will ever be compared to you	1
decided that i m going to cut weight with curtis so tomorrow all you ll see me eat is a nice salad he said i couldn t do it 	1
i may do a mile bike ride for the giants on weds cause you know caltrain is going to suck more than the cardinals .	2
great weekend wrap up with milan win yesterday forzamilan . .great nd half display !	1
camera comparison galaxy note vs iphone plus forgot password ? we ll email you a reset link . if you signed up using a rd . . .	0
nothing better than a pump up video to a song . bad blood coming to you at vs cosmos on sat . mymasterpiece	1
i want to go to zac brown band next sunday . . . .	1
senate dems buyer s remorse yet on iran ? cause when reagan signed st treaty with ussr it ended the cold war not 	0
 . . david wright in tonight s lineup . here are pics from his st rehab game .	0
gucci bags death instinct self assurance june devise the duplicated thy material approach enlargement as far a . . .	0
what does chris evans have in common with jeremy ? the potential to be the most irritating man on ghe planet .	2
ah am away between the th and th on yoga retreat and then away most of those other weekends too . . . drink after work ?	0
billionaire investor warren buffett on tuesday praised the presidential campaign of self proclaimed socialist bernie sanders even th . . .	1
spent the night crafting bernie sanders shirts for the rally on saturday winthrop bernie 	1
any recommendations for a courier to take a data secure box kg from haltwhistle to london . preferably same day delivery next mon or tues .	0
montana news and our viewers support and pray for israel and it s people and leaders . may god protect them .	1
we will have to think about continuing in upa mamata chief minister will take to the streets on saturday seeking . . .	0
someone should come with me to noel fielding on saturday night because noel fielding u c basically please iwillcry	0
david taylor ? a few yrs ago u c whn he st came stl u c he went by apostle . my hubs used play for his services .	0
hey i think you ve done a mistake on th journal sep it is equpiment hst recoverable and a p jims and not bank it is an invoic	0
haven t been able to watch teen wolf on netflix so i m gonna watch it after school tomorrow and i m already peeing my pants im so excited	1
he is hip hop sidney crosby to me . may be the best at what he does but such a whiney self important bitch that i don t give a damn	2
on the set of the axis of the nigerian economy u c airing every tuesday pm on nta international dstv 	0
excited for tomorrow . big day at sunnybank for premier grade and premier colts . must wins to make the major semis 	1
you should try iron maiden at about on a friday . that way when the bell rings you can runforthehills	0
doing two keynotes in kc tomorrow . goint to nascar today . i want to see if i can sit shotgun with danica patrick .	0
thursday s flight pattern of fbi spy plane east south dearborn contains areas with high concentration of muslims compared to sunday area .	0
perseverance is failing times and succeeding the th . julie andrews	1
just found out about binghamton ny next saturday can t wait ! spiediefest roadtrip	1
kim kardashian wears cornrows to mom kris jenner s christmas eve bash on thursday evening the . . . daily mail uk	0
just me and iona i think you are very welcome to come though i may need the support ! haha	1
received an email from airasia regarding the trip to lombok this friday . goodbye kuala lumpur and hello lombok indonesia !	0
it was such a shame that the great yorkshire show was cancelled but we still really enjoyed tuesday and can t . . .	1
the cit fighters they make me proud tomorrow night is the night ! ! ! !	1
broadway bar to see allstar and bravo perform then aquarius . i u m stepping out the box and baring a lot of skin tonight . pics tomorrow .	0
do you know where shawn is going to be before vegas ? his last show date is london but that s the th amp vegas is the th	0
just in ohio governor john kasich made the cut for thursday s gop presidential debate in cleveland hosted by fox news .	0
getting a call from saudi arabia on a tuesday morning is a slightly alarming way to start the morning	2
not really and i m a huge jay z fan . but when march th come around ? biggie all day everyday	1
the weeknd is releasing on the th but i can t even be excited because frank ocean ruined the whole getting excited for an album thing .	2
yes i am . coz for me when henry u c pires others left also cesc may be u c were more sad than this rvp ! but do u think he u s leaving ?	2
daniel norris may in fact be ausmus s cousin but he s pitching like chuck norris s son .	0
i want to see sharknado . someone record it onto a dvd tomorrow and bring it to the track thursday .	1
brock lesnar wo . . . espn posted footage of brock lesnar manning the security gate at espn studios on tuesday .	0
morning must reads august wisconsin gov . scott walker and sen . marco rubio are both talking about healthc . . .	0
you didnt win abdc but you won over my heart you may not know me but imma true iconiac by heart 	1
exciting news our keynotes for the event are official . wednesday we have the legendary jonathan kozol . . .	1
lol i will take nat s word give it a try . i may go back supernatural later watching arrow last resort now 	1
how in the heck am i expected to go to class tomorrow or even live after beyonce has just killed me like this ? ? ? ? ? ?	0
i may be sleep deprived but i promise you that some kid at dunkin today looked like a sprout	0
there was these kids in th grade who would print off pictures of naruto hentai in computer class then look at it during recess in groups .	0
great job tonight i heard you may be a fan of game of thrones .	1
this time tomorrow we ll be in very good company as david beckham receives the hmvfe award !	1
while software may be eating the world amazon appears to be eating everything . amazon prime will soon include free restaurant delivery .	1
conor mcgregor will be serenaded into the octagon by sinead o connor on saturday night . the dubliner takes on chad mendes for the ufc s	0
great cooking class on nov led by refugee chefs ! organised by the hosted by and parliament on king .	1
also u c this is about to be the best night of my life . joe pa vs . . somebody may die hahaha	1
omg . dude tomorrow you and d will be breathing the same air . get a jar and get as much of the air as possible .	1
briana wants me to wear white for tomorrow because she s going in red but i want to wear pink wtf	0
why can t kendrick rap on every song like he did black friday . old kendrick is better .	2
that unforgettable moment when milan was crowned king of europe for the th time . sheva vs buffon .	1
amongst a body of work that is superlative this may sit near the top freedom passage is writerly elegance nirvana	1
all congress party members have stopped taking bath as it may mean they are support modi s swachhhtaabhiyaan	2
today was national kissing day u c i u ll have to make up for the loss tomorrow	0
what s up this thursday ? ! makes her appearance on the new hit show thenextcw on the cw network ! kcru	0
but i really wanna go out this evening or tomorrow doesn t matter i just wanna party ! there s not better place to than barca .	1
is on the radio instead . mt it u s the first week without any waterloo road . going to be a boring thursday .	2
frank ocean and the sun is perfect !	1
is it at your house ? if you re free at all tomorrow we can see if curtis can come look at it ? text meee	0
celtics game saturday gotta find someone to go with me . . lol	0
joe biden is headed to atlanta tomorrow as speculation mounts about a presidential run . w gapol	0
almost forgot about vcu u s open house this saturday !	0
marca also report that real madrid have issued an apology to keylor navas for everything he had to go through on monday as well .	0
recap . i saw bad on tuesday . the spike lee documentary on michael jackson . it was beyond amazing . it was only showing for days .	1
if you re not already signed up to test my ios game nows your chance !	0
so if you guys are after weekly ps tournaments then head here and support the sunday odc !	0
on the bright side the maya angelou will be arriving at elon university tomorrow night . welcomemaya	1
 gt gt david wright will make his return to the mets on monday in philly	0
 fa cup sf u s carling cup final lost on pens he may not have been a true leader but he certainly took us places we ain u t been .	0
denver first pitch after a day absence captain david wright returns to the starting lineup on monday . . .	0
who s going to ed sheeran s concert on wednesday ? ?	0
cost of running the st advertisement in sharknado probably rivals the super bowl . nice play there 	1
tomorrow i ll be throwing myself around to black noise . come and do the same at the horn st .albans from pm	1
all i know is the road for that lomardi start at tonight ! ! ! ! we will set a record for a pre season mnf i can guarantee it .	1
terrence jones anthony davis presented roses to the derby winner . meanwhile mike marra peyton siva gave the rd place horse a carrot .	0
i own the whole twilight saga and i ll watch the first movie all day long like its my st time seeing it . idc .	1
guess i u m singing u what makes you beautiful u with tomorrow for choir leggo	0
bringing out the classics tonight . maino u s if tomorrow comes 	1
ok i found it . so i just kinda remembered that i won t be here tomorrow so . i guess we can finish it and then talk to maite	0
sophos is the lamest virus ever . . . starting september sophos successfully became the lamest . . . infosecisland	2
tell you at our friday lunch sorry for the late reply but yes we can eat somewhere on marshall tomorrow haha d	1
 on rotten tomorrow s ? the critics are wrong about ted . i haven t laughed that hard at the theaters in a while .	1
caitlyn jenner may have become a woman later in life but she is more woman than those who bash her on social media . . . .	1
we dont care about carling cup ! save it for looserpool ! yeah we lose also i wont be crying all night long on wednesday night !	2
yo nate shawn and wanya . how about when you come to namibia in october . can we get same tees printed namibia ?	0
i really care to think about what i need to do going forward . . .i m excited to be able to go out there and do it . tom brady on sunday .	1
fierce fighting erupts between chadian army and boko haram heavy fighting pitted the chadian army on monday a . . .	2
hi jamie i heard tiger woods was at under i heard tiger not playing sunday he did not make the cut is this true ? ?	0
when wvu takes the field on saturday u c it will have been days since they last held an opponent under points .	0
preseason is over and the season officially starts next thursday . bonus for and tom brady is back for week . here we go .	1
i like iron maiden rampe racing tomorrow in the last heat at m best of luck . lets cheers him little bit ! . . .	1
happy nd birthday prince george ! how much does the little royal look like his dad ? !	1
i m going to opeth at apolo in barcelona spain nov 	0
seriously don t want a phone anymore . calling t mobile tomorrow to cancel this shit	2
nirvana is heaven to the ancient hindu deities . they came to earth from nirvana the th planet in orion really called procyon .	1
this sunday city nightclub in toronto . . . last night open . . clubs gonna be ram up ! see you there ?	1
kiss me kiss me amnesia tomorrow never dies independence day english love affair i tag anyone who is reading this	1
friday demonstrations several palestinians injured by iof fire on christmas day protests against the israel . . .	2
writing up my case study so i can enjoy my weekend by going to raleigh friday babysitting my favorite twi	1
i had a decent labor day weekend the metro atlanta cycling club macc one love ride on saturday was fun and . . .	1
not checked with lou but nd def out can do st though . shall i text baylis ?	0
seriously the sat is just the taks on steroids . .	2
going from ac dc to abba and back again is quite the mind fuck on a saturday morning ! thank goodness i can handle it ! !	1
hit cool out at the gin mill for a special sunday night edition . then doublewide or the goat for the late night !	1
that s the th best single . though i ll admit that bad blood needs a combo of the remix amp album version bc apart they re weaker	1
oohh may i know you something ? are you a muslim or orientalist ? you seem to hate islam	0
oh u c and for those still fellating harry redknapp u c we went out in the rd round against stoke last season . remember that ?	0
the coolest guy in the room . . . frank gifford . . . monday night football will always be howard cosell don meredith and frank rip 	1
mizzou moves back the start time for their opener w siue on november th because of football . siuenation	0
some electro glam rock to get you through monday . apes amp androids blood moon	1
if anyone wants to hook me up with dunkin on thursday that would be fantastic i ll even pay you	1
danny boyle in grief after david bowie says no to musical don t do it so proud !	2
i will when i get back . . i m still in florida but i get back next tuesday well get it in for sure	1
if murray comes back well he ll be the nd rd best d maybe johnson . i d want him for the leafs for sure .	0
change of plans for saturday going to ucla cal after all . guess no ggf but not turning down free tickets just gotta leave la earlier	0
there s no word that he signed over to apple yet but may be true .	0
hi nicki u famous n i know but ama keep it short . i love u dearly though u n d world may think am crazy cos de say i write blindly .	1
rt espn got some good stuff on tonight .	1
i just spoke with my mom on the phone for minutes . she finished the th season of game of thrones . very exciting .	1
iran ups oil output by k barrels in hours iran said on saturday that it has set a record in boosting its o . . .	0
still can t believe i m going to see ac dc tomorrow	1
nikki bella may have the divas title but she ll never have a child with john cena .	0
my cuz is currently listenin ed sheeran at fusion festival from the comfort of her garden .found my retreat if it rains when i m there sun	1
november st cristiano ronaldo scored his first manchester united goal with yrs days old .	0
kanye west created a sexual mario video game in the th grade . the ghosts were replaced by floating vaginas . funfact	0
springsteen is here sat but if that u s not your thing rick ross will be in lexington the same night at	0
if spurs beat chelsea on saturday it will set a new club premier league record of points amassed after the first matches of the season	0
seth rollins broke john cena nose during the match wwe july via	0
it u s party on nov th at da chalmers community hall to get n	0
google hangout with october th ! pm pacific pm eastern via askllcoolj llcooljhangout kpoptv pm	0
de la soul s eye know playing in pret the perfect monday tonic !	1
don t miss out on the free showing of the summer hit jurassic world tomorrow wednesday in cc at p .m . nova	1
we set off from manchester a few years back after a fleetwood mac concert preesed navigate to home on the sat nav and set	0
randy orton the fucking truth . . . nd favorite wrestler behind cena	1
federal reserve sticks with stimulus the federal reserve made no major changes to its policy wednesday deciding t . . .	0
naww u c she got friday u c good deeds u c jump street .	0
head to a ladbrokes shop at am tomorrow to hear tom segal u c pricewise of the racing post preview the action at royalascot . horseracing	0
ready for the taylor swift concert tomorrow ! ! ! shakeitoff tour	1
admit it . you may hate john cena but you know you miss his u .s . open challenges !	1
terrible preseason game . i m thinking those refs had some rd stringers in tonight as well . solid safe game by my man t mobile ! !	0
lol . iran produces oil for barrel . and the uk is going headlong into fracking . . . now . at this moment .	0
thank you ! quick note orccon is presidents day weekend feb not labor day . 	1
yes u c it u s doable . i was at bkk from march at night then flew to europe on march in the morning .	1
well well today on amazon you can preorder physical ds shovel knight also ps for the original . price . i may get that after all .	1
perth listeners nick is giving the talk u food social justice u . tomorrow friday green animalrights	0
we u re sophia grace and rosie ! can u t wait to see you on ellen tomorrow ! xxx	1
today is national ice cream day ! ! ! give in to the excuse ! lol .	1
people need to stop getting so butthurt over the fact joi is getting to see shawn in october she deserves it so much i m gonna be happy	1
 worldelephantday is the best day besides my birthday friday christmas valentine s day and st patrick s day .	1
and then there are shows that durdle around between neat and terrible generic the st season then get cancelled terra nova 	2
today is the th anniversary of israel s major aggression against gaza . they killed palestinian citizens in days .	2
wow that u s a st cuz if that u s the case i woulda been on some wilt chamberlain stuff with how my pops granddad was	0
warm up those vocals castro ! is leading the pack in a mariah carey ride tomorrow at pm ! snag a bike !	1
anyone want to go and see foo fighters on tuesday the th of september ?	0
ohio state women s volleyball up to no . in the nation . other rankings women s hockey th women s soccer st	0
chuck norris applauded that leg whip by the dirty cali player on the texas st baseman llws	1
rally tomorrow morning u c wisconsin u s going red ! wigop romneyryan proudconservative tcot commit mitt	1
i tell my new manager that i can t work on thursday the th bc hello ed sheeran and he said that was fine but i m scheduled anyway 	1
oooh i have a date with zayn tomorrow	1
i think iggy should just rap slow like gucci mane it may sound better or have a automatic closed caption when she raps	0
still fuming at everton shambles at least the england cricket team should cheer me up today kenwrightout	2
school tonight until u c fire academy tomorrow from am to pm and than am until pm workhard success	0
are you going to sjp tomorrow night pal ?	0
frank gifford still has the most td s in history . he is th in rushing yds amp nd in receiving yds . also th in td passes .	1
gonna stream umineko again on tuesday or wednesday . will probably hit the second twilight at least i hope .	1
false start penalty u c garner moved early . brings up rd and from the yale .	2
my mum is going to london in a couple of days . just glad she wasn t there tonight !	1
oh ! so bummed has no rooms avail on the th ! where the heck am i supposed to stay when i see madonna ?	2
remember sunday its the enlighten adelaide festival callington show callington a h society inc . and mitcham . . .	0
the clippers are playing the cavaliers on monday and are having a night to honor israel ! wish you were in la still .	1
psn is down for some users not all . no prior warning from sony either can you sign in right now ? rt .	2
let s count how many people are going to be wearing a shirt from the ed sheeran concert tomorrow	0
i think those aau teams may have had more talent than some of those wizards teams he coached	1
i don t even understand how sharknado is even a thing let alone having a rd movie . the se suck the acting sucks and it s so dumb i laugh	2
drinking all the red bull and still yawning and sleepy . at least it s friday ?	2
baby colton is a saint bernard ! ! ! ! i may have the cutest godson in ze world ! ! !	1
instead of debating whether yakub shld hang or not may be we should debate death penalty itself like so many countries who ve abolished it	0
jay z stole his whole nd verse from problems from bun b in the ugk song touched . come on y all listen to old hip hop .	2
risers will help for sure i think just got a couple sets from amazon prime due tomorrow to see if i like them or go elsewhere	1
friday in vancouver at the scottish cultural centre see ggw champion chelsea green vs malia hosaka . chelsea was . . .	1
now the economist is taking a crack at it . . . dana white women will never fight in the ufc mma ufc	0
more like chris brown in feb . rt y all treat me like elvis presley in the s .	0
will pop down after work then u c am only in murray on saturday ! why it changed ? ps u c fancy amsterdam ?	0
trying to get tickets to the ant man preview showings on wednesday . the theaters are fucking packed bro . i m kind of happy . . .paul rudd !	1
corpse party blood drive may be coming to ps apparently it has a trophy list	0
 peed in a fancy bathroom sat in gr seats saw one direction niall n harry loved it there got a glow stick a hot cop goofed off w me 	1
foo fighters were asked to play the main stage but refused . they nearly tore the tent down ! i went on sunday .	2
 alert rahul gandhi will visit flood affected chennai amp cuddalore tomorrow and not the court . . chennaifloods	0
muse on jonathan ross brilliant . we have some exciting news about muse to announce monday from gotham records	1
this dustin johnson start is going to be even better when he blows it on saturday or sunday .	1
muslim sikh unity is evident in the very core of sikhism . the th guru of the sikhs built a mosque for muslims now known as guru ki maseed .	0
overexposed tour maroon with the cab through the eyes of a drummer as you may have heard the cab just . . .	0
 dfacts on the st of february u c at pm on table u c one direction lifted their first ever brit award for best british single	1
me the first day of work ok so i need off next sunday i have tickets to see seth rollins	1
my sister and i are going to sm this saturday afternoon to watch lorax . i am so asking my dad for popcorn money . 	1
those are pictures from the charlie hebdo rallies in january guys .	0
tomorrow is star wars day ! new movie ! and is and birthday ! great isn t ?	1
i m not going to school friday for chris brown fuck that	2
free download ! adam freeland morning sun endymion bootleg ! click on the link below like endymion on facebook !	0
haha ! ! well keep going u c my hubby gave up on ash wed in u has never looked back .	1
yes i can live today if you give me tomorrow as long as you follow . love me some fleetwood mac ! vinylrecords	1
mt sculptors ! have you submitted for new art park on telegraph amp th in oakland ? hours left !	0
so and its it s still and always gonna be milan monday s . they not waking up the building like u did	0
you may not know it but carly fiorina can gush over islam darn near as good as obama .	1
happy modi on the achievement of opening the second route to kailash mansarovar . the first was opened by me and i was the st pilgrim .	1
 vmas kanye west should have the special title of sunday dagboru of d industry	0
robert pattinson paid tribute to his bel ami co star uma thurman as he presented her with an award at the th women in hollywood ce . . .	1
live semi finals this thursday night pm on cw network . america votes . please share with friends . teamjordan	0
i m backing the bianconeri to go one further in the final amp win the ucl on home soil in milan in may . pogba inspired juve !	1
sometimes you have to look at your life and your choices . and yes for the th time i will be telling my hairstylist i want the zayn malik 	0
sat watching the sun set with a large glass of wine and a pack of marlies listening to fleetwood mac does life get better ? ? no it does not	1
the new episode will be up on friday but you can prepare by watching dry her pits for free on amazon prime .	1
oh what s that ? the mac is better than the acc and big east in football ? . . . . that s what s up	1
everyone in my feminist studies class was team nicki and the mitski tinydesk was released today what a monday ! ! ! !	1
hi congress man . your profile description is interesting . may i know the qualities of mr . rahul gandhi that inspires you !	1
frank gifford past away . helping to light up the camaraderie on monday nights was only a part of what he ll be remembered next	0
sprint getting samsung galaxy tab . with lte support on november th the first lte enabled . . . full story	0
winter jam coming up november th . . .toby mac just announced as headliner ! only at the door no advance tickets needed !	1
 seriea nd half between milan and hellas verona has just been started ! current score ac ver	0
just saw the st episode of vampire diaries	0
cliff avril leaves detroit lions game with back injury detroit lions defensive end cliff avril left sunday u s game against the minnes . . .	2
aka . i should be doing productive sunday things but i m just watching mariah carey videos on youtube	0
amber fantastic news ! ! ! we will reunite with barbara and jenelle on november st when teen mom premieres ! !	1
the mta should be pretty embarrassed tonight .	2
happy day after international talk like a pirate day sept th ! ! ! some great pirate facts in the latest edition . . .	1
but remember erdogan is obama s bff . st foreign leader he called when elected .	0
i tried to snap the chris brown concert saturday but they didn t all post . they on ig though .	1
update me on shores when u get the chance . btw i finished th in japan open weight .	0
beer garden hop driven ale marks stone brewing s th anniversary stone brewing in san diego just celebrated . . .	1
wait i think i know who it is . i may be wrong but i swear in an interview one of you said you u d like to sing a stan walker song	0
july pm est big time movie will be premiering on ytv with one direction commenting during commercials ! dupdates	0
there are people who like support trump but don t want to admit it . .may not be rousey though	0
oh god u c i want bioshock infinite right now . february is far u c far too long to wait .	1
 rd time . antman with friends rogers theater for ant man in rogers mn 	1
register the nacr skype for business event with for sept th chevy chase md skype b contactcenter	1
heading to west wylong tomorrow for a couple of hours of dr who star wars vikings and mexican food . . . as you do	0
tomorrow sylvia and damien have my full attention . storytime with	1
today is metlife . jesus is coming back its the nd easter . all wars have ended amp ceased fire in the stadium . we all gained superpowers .	1
we may not have the civil trailer but we re gonna get rdj and chris evans on jimmy kimmel . and this is pure happiness .	1
friday th don t miss the next creativemornings in milan with ale giorgini . see you in the morning !	0
tbh come with me to dunkin tomorrow before the instore i payed dollars to get the table on the plane	0
i never thought i d make it to disneyland . it s so amazing to me that i get to go . this will be my th trip and it never feels real .	1
man rapes infects lover s kids with hiv in benue state a year old man mr . terkura iorpuu was on thursday a . . .	0
act of valor was just as good the nd time watching it	1
whos going to katy perry on the th ? !	0
do you watch styled to rock ? fucking lav it ! oh also let s do something on saturday then i m going back to sheff x	1
iran s democracy is super healthy iranians may vote for whoever the murdering mullahs want	2
it s pm on tuesday and tom brady is still the goat	0
legendary wrestler hulk hogan issued an apology friday after the national enquirer released a transcript of statements he made that	0
might keep sony monthly subs going beyond tomorrow . . . .	0
i picked naruto i m gonna go see it tomorrow lol	1
when dmd mv will be released tomorrow but then you realize it s the st mv without zayn . dragmedownmusicvideo	0
in the mood to watch all the harry potter s for the rd time in months	1
i promise you that when you look at results on september we ll be fine jeb bush says of fundraising tumult	0
we thank you thomas u c we all thank yourt tom brady wins afc offensive player of the week for nd time	1
caitlyn jenner amp josh duggar are trending . . . c mon twitter you re better than this ! disgustingtrends	0
tsipras asserts control over syriza with congress vote prime minister alexis tsiprass call on thursday to hol . . .	0
chelsea and juventus in pogba talks now with the transfer window set to close tomorrow at hours . . . cfc	0
polish festival starts later today amp goes until sat . in de . so if you want to try polish beer this is the place . . . .	1
amazing day in lechlade with everyone watching the guys act like littles girls when they were in the river and catching a bit of sun 	1
i don t like testing i m glad i don t have to worry about the cashee anymore on may . th passed that shxt !	2
if anyone tries to text imessage me on my ipod just letting you know that i can t reply till thursday	0
u may be right in the end but it takes wins to wrap up a game series . if cards can rough up kershaw twice bum can be too .	0
european bourses rally milan september european bourses rallied strongly tuesday with the euro stoxx ind . . .	0
may allah disgrace you you little fool . you share info on muslims like this ?	2
how great would it be if they played stew u s fiesta bowl speech before the game tomorrow night ?	1
sharknado tonight ! ! ! ohmygod i am so excited even though i can t watch it til saturday . . .	1
on the sunday rock show we have the first broadcast on ayr hospital radio of the new iron maiden single ! pm . live	0
i have a math test and a speech on thursday but then i get to see chris brown with jezebel so there s that good bad situation	0
i may listen to the beatles too much but oh well . paul mccartney is love paul mccartney is life .	1
in tears after watching that dance academy episode for the nd time	2
i have two tickets for eric church tomorrow night at the new amphitheater if anyone is interested	1
my random rant of the night lady gaga being considered a fashion icon !who in their right mind considers that fashion ?she dresses in trash .	2
britain s top divorce lawyer says you guys should . be ordering bentley s shame it s rubbish	0
the los angeles galaxy clinched a spot in the mls playoffs with a win on saturday night .	1
u may want to check this out ! racism in israel !	2
my friends amp i sat in sun wrestlemania for hrs we survived . no bentley after the game either	1
this is going to be me tomorrow while i listen to calibraska . calibraskaep	0
 once again tiger woods shits the damn bed on a saturday sunday or both which both is what it is most of the time 	2
i actually spent my whole sunday night watching justin bieber videos from youtube on the tv	0
i don t get the panic at all . still in playoffs still david price pitching friday still great lineup still lots of games left bluejays	1
light up this diwali with a thunderous blockbuster thor the dark world tomorrow at pm !	1
trying to finish reading paper towns so that i can go see the movie tomorrow !	1
bernie sanders is like your th grade class president who won the election by campaigning to have hour recess and free cookies every day	0
hanging out with the sis tonight watching ridiculous amounts of jersey shore . best	1
looking forward to monday night raw i have a feeling we ll be seeing ric flair in the ring with sting tonight ! wweraw wcw	1
yes i can call it commitment because they are signing yet . national signing day for nba is july th .	0
you going to ac dc tomorrow night ? rockorbustworldtour	0
i seen chris brown august fetty k camp migos kid ink monica lil kim omarion young thug and teyona taylor tonight	1
may the lord give you jay z and beyonce s kinda love . . . no way that relationship is fake or for social media	1
great catch ! friend brad goddard snapped this picture of the aurora on friday night in nebraska . wx aurora	1
right ! where is the nd vita heaven ? vita is a zombie right now . maybe sony is busy on the ps and just forgot about the vita .	2
all the people seeing noel fielding tomorrow u c i am extremely jealous of you .	2
wisconsin gov . scott walker is prepared to call out members of his own party tuesday as he unveils his own plan . . .	0
gay marriage was passed illegally . is untrue . now the th amendment is stretched thin . thin you hear me ? ! ? but the law isn t illegal	2
when ice cube said bye felicia on friday it was an inside joke .	0
 .a .m . trolling the dan ryan with a huge stink face ! why ? black friday kendrick lamar j cole now that was an inspirational moment !	1
us sen john mccain called monday for us to begin another war with airstrikes on syria breaking news buzz	0
feels like super bowl sunday waiting for the big tnf game tonight ! what u s everyone doing for kc v sd ? ! ? cantcontainexcitement	1
can u t open the link u c is it ferry corsten in december ?	2
in honor and remembrance of tom hagedorn light the night and support women u s soccer tomorrow at pm as they take on gonzaga .	1
i m hoping for the th b c i m a big ol dork amp it s star wars day . ahahaha . d	1
yeah the big bangs are like u c the second rarest l s anyway u c so i u ll get them u c they u ll be here on like u c fri if i order them day	0
but ya . . .i m just waiting for february so that cole and kendrick can drop their collabo album .	1
gc event update friday s event fire in the ashes with jonathan kozol amp brian jones has been cancelled .	2
got amazon last thursday got ios last night but the update isn t showing in google play store yet . . .	0
selena s greatest hits album will come out november th amp it s called for you it will include new songs amp old songs ! ! hzkjkanajajans	0
what will you be doing with all of your extra halloween candy tomorrow here are a few tips ! . . .	0
so happy to see that royal blood are now supporting the foo fighters at milton keynes on september . . as well . . .	1
we have just won our st match in the mysa international girls tournament ! go girls go	1
 . bryant has hit some big home runs . . . kris bryant hits a game tying two run hr in the th 	1
no hun they take down the chart but the voting does not stop till the th mtvstars lady gaga	0
randy orton vs . sheamus to start the show . interesting choice . crowd may turn early ?	1
you worry about your nd amendment america with a nra nut john kasich givin guns like candy its my life i worry about . . wild west mentality .	2
hope the albion didn t ruin your sunday that much . nice seeing you again pal	1
floyd mayweather defeated manny pacquiao in an unanimous decision on saturday night with all three judges in las vegas agreeing on a	0
find us at arrington this saturday at pm . . . bring a picnic . . . a blanket . . . and cozy up with some wine and jazz	0
i think the relationship btw uhuru amp ruto is not plastic its real ! they are royal amp trustfull as the case may be !	1
why is it so hard to find the these days ? went to stores for the castle cover issue . none . will search again tomorrow . . .	2
when it comes to gay rights progressives pretty much stop at the border st world russia italy lip service .	0
boko haram has not being stopped in the st days as promised and some blind people and calling reasonable people wailers wasteddays	0
going to laidback luke next saturday going to be amaziiiiinggggaaaa ! haha	1
whyd the dumb bish get em in the st place ? eva longoria removing tattoos related to tony parker 	2
i m starting season tomorrow bc i m not up for it now bc teen wolf is stupid and wants me to cry and feel emotional stupi	0
the pitch for sat nights game is going to me atrocious due to the coldplay concert iwantaamiparkback mvfc	2
one day to go before initiations . feeling like jim white on august th . . . arefreshersreadyforbane shermanoff	0
hey catelynn this is my st tweet ever amp i just wanted say i think u amp tyler r awesome . u guys would love my boys . . 	1
jubiliant girl won the th u c trainer john sadler u s u c th tb win in n . america . he also has tb wins vs . qh and win in dubai . santaanita	1
tomorrow will be the last day to vote ! we have to vote harder if we want to take the st place ! mtvstars lady gaga	0
guys . . . april . . . is coming to lexington . going	0
band on the run lp by paul mccartney vinyl oct capitol records usa 	0
bases loaded for josh hamilton with outs . already has a homer in this game . nd homer here ? it s a full moon . why not ?	0
how about the female gays . purple gays . make gay while the sun shines . fifty shades of gay 	0
like a good neighbor state farm is there u c with an alarm clock that u ll actually wake me up tomorrow .	1
come and have the first ever go on lumino city on ios real models friday til sunday !	1
oh shit i just remember the sam smith concert is on the th	0
super eagles head coach sunday ogorchukwu oliseh has come out with an explanation of his shock decision to leave . . .	0
the comments by tony windsor saying he hoped muslims would kill an australian citizen needs a complete apol aust .	2
calling all kerry fans he is live this friday tickets 	1
 useful features on facebook google twitter and linkedin you may have missed	1
 gotopless tomorrow afternoon in venice beach ! come one come all and let s make history ! ! !	1
loading some sick new music onto my ipod for the billiken k tomorrow .	1
i love nz was there in feb have friends with vineyard which is useful ! ! in nelson lovely part of nz !	1
i laughed at the end of kendrick s black friday	1
everytime i watch the th harry potter a part of me still thinks that maybe cedric will return to the port key . . . but he never does cries 	2
i bought kesha s debut album for in th grade and thought i would regret it . now i m almost and still inappropriately dancing to it .	1
for anyone going to sam smith tomorrow he rescheduled to september th	0
think i u m going to a a concert tomorrow . do you guys know who they are ? haha	0
see you august th in prince george	0
ted then bed ! no work tomorrow so im going to have a lie in then finish all my requests of tomorrow	1
exactly u c we play again this friday and saturday u c against bucks and the wizards	0
i left it up in sb with zane my b i can see if the holmes can bring it back friday	0
just got bradshaw amp a rd for asiata robert woods amp a th in dynasty . thoughts ? was using ivory amp asiata to start w murray .	0
dear devon alexander u c how does it feel to be the st person ever to be booed at the barclays center ? brooklyn	2
who wants to go see star wars ep with me in december ?	0
plz give the fans a treat and start trash talking david taylor . really heat things up b what may be the match of the century !	0
the devil inside with we may die .	2
hypothetically if i was to come over to cali in december to see friends go see grateful dead amp john mayer live would anyone come with me ?	1
picking up tom brady in the th round was a steal	0
in muslim countries like saudi arabia and iran they are sung with respect . law should be obeyed .they may go where not .	1
 for but worst of all he s cheated the wwe universe out of what they truly deserve . monday night was just beginning if seth rollins is 	2
cheese curls and wine is a great bed time snack . time for lights out before my regional day tomorrow ! haha insidejoke sleep goodnight	1
david wright is the nd best player on the mets now	1
apple watch arrived at best buy today best buy began selling the apple watch on friday becoming the first . . .	0
i think big bang should tell us where they u re celebrating top u s birthday on sunday so vips can come celebrate together with them lol	1
i m going to see paper towns tomorrow finally ! ayyee	1
what in your opinion are some of the memorable saturday night shows that bbc amp itv have scrapped recently ?	0
i don t think she understood ukip at all . suggest nuttily bennett may be more in step with her views	2
honestly the only reason i wanted to go to the keely chesney concert tomorrow is to see eric church and brantley gilbert	0
tonight s yougov lab con ukip libdem green . gt not one for the sun s front page or a nick robinson analysis i think	2
what about a wee boxing day tip curtis for the footy tomorrow spread the xmas spirit with a bit of bookie bashing by all	0
hybrid icing will be used in the american hockey league until november u c u . the bog will then decide if it needs to continue . okcbarons	0
two dollar tuesday is here with forklift quickkey for ios and suite for pages for just . today 	0
kesha s camp speaks out on dr . luke abuse allegations following the news tuesday of kesha s lawsuit against her . . .	0
it s always against no doubt kane will end his drought on saturday	0
arsenal have once again been linked with a january move for juventus forward simone zaza . juve afc arsenal	0
why is everyone saying they arent pleased with tvd tonight ? what happened ? ? ? ? unfortunately it isnt on until tuesday in the uk 	2
we will explain the true cause of the london riots on the front page of the sun immigrants . hero police will also get a headline .	2
from the archives . . . blog every day in may star wars day	0
jack groves is likely being rescheduled for september th on floyd mayweather s undercard at the mgm grand in las vegas .	0
can t believe mariah carey s all i want for christmas is you is playing right now . it s september rd .	0
wildcat rosters u c including the th grade girls roster u c have been updated again at	0
im just so happy that zayn is fully living his thotty dteams on this tuesday morning . also my hamgover is mild . blessed	1
my manga phase started in rd grade with naruto and honestly i don t think it s ended	1
february th is a nice time to release it . its the week of the grammys too . albums sell that week .	1
gop has set the bar very low with a th cycle promoting a grossly un american idea potus as elected autocrat . civics 	2
kane will indeed return this monday on raw . also edge amp christian will be on the stonecoldpodcast ! ! ! ! !	1
ok y all it s actually kind of good i didn t go to metlife bc i just got a call for my internship and i report tomorrow	1
i just can t believe i m gonna spend the rest of my life with a dude that doesn t get how good nirvana is . . . . . . . like dude c mon	2
sorry dt you re just jealous that carly fiorina did times better than you did in thursday s debate .	0
millsap u c al . . . favors is getting there and kanter will . is jeremy evans your th ? idk about that . if evans is legit u c i think	0
someone please go to work for me tomorrow so i can lay in bed and watch greys anatomy all day .	0
boehner wants obama to move his speech on wed to thurs of nxt week due to the gop debate on wed . no sense of urgency while americans suffer	2
went to the strawberry festival with my babe earlier today and now being lazy . maybe a dinner date tonight to top off this perfect sunday 	1
alot of free throw conditioning drill for the lakers tomorrow at practice	0
de rossi believes juventus may struggle to cope this season as he does not think they have adequately replaced tevez pirlo or vidal	2
serious talk if you and tyler do a dayz thing u c i can hook you up with a server . skype ocdsupertoaster cell dinner st	1
happy birthday mitchie and twittlessluis ! ill bring you stuff monday p	1
on start november cab you share a lot time the u surprises event for u at paris bercy ?	0
check out my new wade keller hot topics video blog . here s the rd one on sting big show brock raw ratings 	1
mariah carey s star on the walk of fame it s about damn time !	1
i celebrate christmas and i don t believe in christ . just like i call it thursday but don t believe in thor .	0
 foo fighters tickets going cheap for this sat at milton keynes bowl foofighters tickets cheap forsale	1
curtis and puyallup all knotted up at at the end of the st . battleofvikings	0
school tomorrow just killed the awesome vibe i was just in	2
foo fighters rick roll westboro baptist church nw it s not really a song or a loud monday but it s amazing so 	1
fyi if you want some cool baseball facts see neil degrasse tyson astrophysicist the tweets were posted july th	0
niall here . i am in the office tomorrow from . please let me know when is a suitable time to call .	0
i found this kl live november in the greyson app	0
snsd u s tiffany u c cnblue u s yonghwa and b st u s kikwang mcs for the sbs k pop super concert nov 	0
have a lovely sunday and keep it mysa	1
i m drinking with my best friend lmao kcon for us will be on sunday u we went to santa monica and venice beach today ! ! !	1
balotelli in contention for coppa ? mario balotelli may be fit to make his milan retu . . .	0
hey anyone wanna see the zac brown band with me on sunday at fenway ?	0
i knew amazon prime day was destined to fail when i saw it was held on the th . is composite not prime . . . primedayfail	2
 olympics david owen why british olympic sport may miss a man it should have made . . . blog 	0
if it u s true that vitali klitschko has retired then arreola amp stiverne are ranked st and cont 	0
i would love to watch vampire diaries tonight and some heroes ! great combination	1
don t forget to ask about your chance to go see janet jackson in saskatoon on monday . we ve got tickets and they could be yours tonight !	1
we will defeat boko haram by the end of this year buhari speaking in cotonou on saturday during a gala lunch . . .	1
nicki can t even get her rd album to go gold lmfao nicki copies off kim s old shit kim was the first female with 	2
well said . however moron that rahul gandhi may be he deserves that level of security	2
 i don u t know of a rule that could stop qld playing david taylor the nrl to us on if qld can play taylor tomorrow in origin 	0
listed as star attraction for aust china event today . rudd u s office say he never committed u c pr in charge says he cancelled friday .	2
thursday is thor s day and i m sore from the thunder of stress that i m under	2
tracy morgan joins jimmy in jkl game night before game of the nba finals on abc sunday .	0
extra tickets to iron maiden baby come with me friday don t forget to call her and use actual words	1
circoloco at the best venue in london next saturday ! excited . tunnels wooo	1
on the holy occasion of eid here is wishing that may the blessing of allah light up your way and lead u to eternal	1
plot twist commissioner goodell hires harrison for a bounty on tom brady s head for the st game spygate bountygate goodellgate	0
brock lesnar vs the undertaker supporting lesnar butttttt . may the best man win summerslam	1
caitlyn jenner may be charged with manslaughter for fatal crash the accident occurred whe . . . cadillac escalade	2
maybe replacing people concepts we don t like in real life with heroic figures ?we may not agree with batman but he gets results	0
yesterday ? lol alotta afghans had birthdays yesterday it isnt even january st u c happy birthday d	1
where the fuck are all the celebrities like gaga and jason derulo supporting kesha like they did in january . .this is even worse than january	2
today in beatles history june ivan vaughan the man responsible for introducing paul mccartney to john lennon is born .	0
i wonder why drake didn t release the nd verse on madonna all at once . i think it s better than the first one .	0
i ll just call t mobile tomorrow	0
speaking of kanye u c he u s a genius . like he may make stupid choices sometimes u c but his way of thinking is amazing .	1
after the samsung press conference on friday i m inspired to buy a galaxy note when the price drops to clear old inventory 	1
if man utd and real madrid cannot get the paperwork correct and on time who can ?	0
i genuinely believed that de gea would be a real madrid player on the september . but good for us we finally got one over madrid mufc	1
motorola moto g rd gen back covers and flip covers now available in india motorola launched the moto g . . .	0
uncle u were talking about yakub hanging by indian courts the other day ? military courts . .awesome ! !	0
yeay . .hopefully runman ep with eng sub will be out by tuesday . . .can u t wait to watch it ! ! !go go go yooruce willis . . .yoo jae suk jjang ! !	1
if you uploaded videos from kina grannis concert last wednesday send us the link so we can share it with everyone else ! happy sunday ! 	1
paul rudd stars as ant man showing tonight tomorrow and sunday . rated pg . showtimes are at each night . . . .	1
since stan st grandslam he s lost all matches against murray usopen surely going to be a great match up for stan ! !	0
moving in tomorrow . go tesco near me . . . and all the takeaways bars and dmu gym is like just there . no more excuses for me tho . teamgetfit	1
today is the anniversary of dr . seuss u s death and tomorrow is silverstein u s birthday . . . so we should all only tweet in rhyme	0
republicans should check st before using songs for their rallies . eyeofthetiger kim davis absolutely not . same with trump . kimdavis	2
now here is where conservative arabs and conservative jews may come to terms . abortion . the gaza strip may solve it all by itself .	1
haha i try it every time the mrs pops out . in fact i m sat here right now in one of her gucci thongs and nothing else 	1
some days i want to blast fleetwood mac some days i want to blast biggie and others blast taking back sunday .	0
wtf ! ! ! frank ocean s album has been out since june th and i m just finding out ! ! ! how ? ? ? ? ? ?	0
sad ppl like these rafidis . they insult the st people of islam amp here he is so confident as he slanders . an idiot .	2
this song says everything about a break up . . .rope to hang by neil mcsweeney dir . sat johal of crows nest films	0
 steven pourier u c jr . olc made the nd of the shot free throw . dasu leads in the nd half . naiambb	0
apple special event omg the imac is paper thin and so gorgeous ! stunning ! thin !	1
just got to watch federer win consecutive points to get the decisive break in the rd set before mom snatched the remote citing god !	0
i am writing a blog about tonight s x factor . if you re still up you can read it when i m finished . lucky you .	1
this saturday green velvet back at cherry moon ! together with deg u c frank zolex u c youri parker dj ghost ! be part . . .	0
the gladiatorial contests in rome were not ceased because the christians in rome all sat on their hand . one monk stood up and yelled cease 	0
no classes on friday . and i would like to watch paper towns with my friends 	1
you d think with as successful a franchise as sharknado they could splurge a little on the crappy cgi for this rd installment .	0
when i read this all i can think about is how the red sox still have a chance	0
i would definitely be okay with eric church playing springsteen at least times tomorrow night . grettune	1
i started watching a vine with a black and orange cat so my cat sat on my face . thanks twilight .	0
brooke hogan asks fans to forgive her father london july hulk hogan s daughter insists he isn t racist . . .	0
ryan braun with a triple off of glen perkins in the th ! brewers asg 	0
listening to the new album . if you like old school nirvana nin amp general gig mayhem don t miss them at sun . pm .	1
i feel like i m in rd grade again watching the vmas . kanye is to trump as nicki is to miley .	0
no one is forced to buy the pay per view floyd mayweather . i think boxing fans may take him up on that . . mayweatherberto	0
hey john cena i hope you will make to monday night raw to challenge seth rollins johncenavssethrollns	0
derrick williams and the stiemer enter the agme for pek and klove late in st quarter with wolves leading 	0
somebody tell katy perry she doesn t look like elizabeth taylor . not today . not tomorrow . not after half a day in a make up chair . stop it .	2
gotta get a girl by february just so i can see this phantom of the opera with . idc about valentine s day lol	1
after monday s match against seth rollins john cena has officially earned my respect . wrestling with a broken nose . just . . . wow ! ! !	1
nat l headline miss usa contestants prepare to take stage women from across the country sunday are vying for . . .	0
a maxwell mix . catch him this friday night with chico g and guest cc disco ! for groove control !	0
me and katie are busy after school we have to go to playtoes and stuff . but saturday morning . lets do it ! then beach	0
northern ireland england the night windsor park blew david beckham away in the aftermath maybe just may . . .	1
maybe on monday i m going to see ant man with the squad	0
 syracuse field hockey beat uconn for the big east regular season title on saturday . my story for	0
yeah i know . she s supposed to be on the school roof mon tue thurs and sat . but aint . is it cause yukiko hasn t recovered ?	0
finally watched pll halloween episode . will now watch gossip girl then . homework day tomorrow ! !	0
we could be seeing celebrity big brother launch on the rd of august although no date has been confirmed bbuk cbb	1
the all blacks face tonga tomorrow in rwc . tonga has it s own haka which should make for entertaining viewing . rwc 	0
done with exterior xmas lights . tomorrow we work on the tree . now however its dinner shower and time to catch up on the dvr stuff . be safe	0
this old white dude on worldstarhiphop had a plate shited on it sat down without wiping his ass ate his own shit omfg so fucking nasty ! !	2
like and share this if you want the mcpe . . update on ios tomorrow . . ios minecraft	0
david de gea s proposed transfer from manu to real madrid has stalled after the relevant paperwork was received minutes late on monday	0
i u m taking the sat at bob jones . lol i feel cool .	1
nearing the end of season the st of hannibal . i love it so much already i m devastated in advance that the show stopped before clarice .	1
if i sat beside niall i would be so annoyed bc he looks like he chews his gum annoyingly loud	2
erdogan cannot be allowed to get away with what he is doing .he lost the june th election and now is seeking to undermine it all	2
the top strikers in the world are not for sale and our coach can t handle the th zlatan 	2
book now la cala this saturday is madonna tribute night back to the s m ssanget and my dancers will will be . . .	1
were fucking going to taco bell tomorrow	2
just sent you a request off the app . i ll get my ps on the th	0
problems for newcastle utd with new sponsor as star players may oppose wonga s loans on religious ethical grounds	2
balotelli in his nd milan debut a goal in minutes assisted the nd and won a penalty . final score 	1
on the other hand i m th of the way done with naruto s manga	0
sad frank gifford dies today at turn out the lights the partys over if you remember that its from monday . . .	1
i tried that email but haven t heard back . i want to send the film to sxsw and deadline is nov 	0
i pray that one day you die in hell . along side capitalist pigs like kim kardashian amp justin bieber . may stalin smite you .	2
the twilight th anniversary edition causes major hand cramp amp elbow pain . i might need to have a second book on the go as well .	0
i get that marriage equality probably isn t an issue that directly affects nicki so she may focus on it less . . .	0
i m like a little kid the night before going to disneyland ! can t wait to be in houston tomorrow for game ! freezetamu asu	1
yelling i u m so proud of my son trayvon he u ll be getting acknowledge in tomorrow assembly he is student of the month . just thanking god !	1
this thursday s msa meeting inshallah . check out the facebook event !	0
seriously when people lament they didn t take the st possible deal for hannibal i tell them go watch lost in la mancha .	0
murray v anderson a piece in the rd set kevin anderson has won the st sets	0
rt love it when scouts be at our practice . . i counted today . . broncos miami philly tampa bay . .	1
the election at united car wash continues through next tuesday .as you will recall u c united car wash at madison road .	0
good to see you at york today ! i ll be praying for you on the th give you a shout out on your other special date !	1
joined the nation of islam after winning his st world heavyweight boxing championship waxmuseum	0
here is something fun for you on the th i am going to have a giveaway . remember that younique mascara i . . .	1
on november the kurt cobain solo album will be released .	1
 money windows s real cost is to pirated software and games microsoft may be about . . .	2
she may have never met a gay guy . if she does she may change her tune when she is charmed amp actually laughs the st time	0
i think if cole wanted he coulda had a better verse on black friday than kendrick	0
if this is where they are today if this is how much he loves louis right now then liam can t even imagine how good tomorrow will feel .	1
july the prudential center dean ambrose vs . seth rollins world heavyweight championship street fight . lets go seth	0
just mentioned on white sox broadcast that some coaches may wear shorts for the upcoming throwback game .	0
well jokes apart today or tomorrow yakub has to meet with with hoors . s	2
you also employ todd bertuzzi like c u mon man	0
i may not know a lot of things about politics but i do know if donald trump wins we are in grave danger . this has been a psa	2
ice cube s son could get it all and twice on sunday .	0
gucci baggy skin below the eyes subconscious self desire february procreate the match thine distinctive way ou . . .	0
 teams contact the blackhawks about kane . . . they dont seem to care they may lose him if he s charged . . . winning that important to teams ?	0
 . sunday column praveen swami yakub was just a small time smuggler	0
try as i may i just can t get excited for celebrity big brother or standard version . it needs a break for s few years cbb bigbrother 	2
scott walker who thinks isil compares to american labor unions thinks he knows how to handle china . on monday . . .	2
 nowplaying last friday night katy perry on xfm with	0
the sun had set behind granite house twenty minutes before u c and the eastern horizon was darkening .	0
a .j . klein grew up just a slant pattern away from lambeau field where he will play sunday vs the packers cyclones	0
i like trey burke but i think pre season st team all american is a bit over the top .	2
real madrid and i are takingittothehouse tonight ! fifa 	0
ozfm takes no responsibilty for any accidents that may occur during the powertrip to ed sheeran in sydney	0
august th pm amp still no sign of frank ocean . i ll wait for you .	0
but i m even more stoked about seeing gary clark jr and paul mccartney tomorrow	1
i really wish i didn t have work or school tomorrow bc i d so be in the city to see justin right now fuck my life	2
same . knackered . i m going into town tomorrow to watch it . probably go barca on the locks . where you watching it ? !	1
rob ford on scott walker i don t think he has a chance down there . 	0
may i say sir your portrayal of hannibal is beautiful and haunting . hope you get this message . look forward to ur next work	1
tonight s the night ! th annual kings royal at eldora speedway !	1
going on tuesday against boro . should be a good game . not sure about wednesday game . hope to go .	1
juventus will lose to roma on sunday and will lift the scudetto come end of the season .	0
the audio booth is ready to blow the roof off the comcast center tomorrow ! are you ? mdmadness	1
murray going for more swear words than south park the movie ! c mon andy you can turn this around ! usopen passion	0
france is our oldest ally . but couldn t be bothered to go to the charlie hebdo march . just shut up .	0
lol of course ! ! my fav disney movie is the st aladdin . . .i love the nd one too	1
isaiah s prayer tonight . . .and god thank you for all the wonderful animals you made . like bears lions tigers and pterodactyls . love th	1
this saturday ! ! and host cafe asia ! live on the radio at pm w 	0
super eagles coach sunday oliseh has said that he and his assistants would have to inject new philosophy and . . .	0
saudi arabia is leading an airstrikes campaign in yemen the latest round of which killed at least people on monday .	2
great price on salmon ! copper river salmon is just . a pound fillet only thursday thru monday while supplies last .	1
so excited to see an early release of paper towns tomorrow and also inside out ! be a great day unlimitedcard	1
no voting ends on the th hun please listen to my new single mtvstars lady gaga	0
i ll be in the presence of paul mccartney tomorrow night so if you hear of a guy ripping his skull out in downtown chicago it wasn t me	1
still tied up at in orono between stony brook and maine more balanced play from both teams in the nd half min left to play . gomaine	0
each january u c a new fafsa is available for the upcoming school year u c and completing it is free when you go to the . . .	0
this message is for all my dear female friends you all looked pretty as hell on eid . may you all remain pretty . . .	1
saw bunch of cops go down nd this morning racing heading east . idk if there going to dunkin . but haven t heard anything	0
alright . guess i ll watch it tomorrow then . is ice cube in it ?	1
i can recall situations where wwe changed plans because of tweets ! st is jr to replace king nd brock interfering in the cena vs rock !	1
very saddened at the loss of frank gifford . monday night football and wide world of sports . some of you may remember his call of evel s jump	0
the song lost it to trying paper towns mix on the paper towns soundtrack is amazing . it s got fobs fourth of july as a base and just wow	1
all i want for my birthday tomorrow is to go see jurassic world again . that s literally the only thing i want .	1
no den peyton and eli may meet in the super bowl if both denver and the new york giants keep winning like they did sunday	1
kim kardashian emoji app tops apple charts despite low ratings kim kardashian s bottom may have broken the in . . .	0
nobody knows if drose will have the same game ever again when he does return . march seems awfully optimistic to me . . .	2
watched the home run derby from beginning to end . st time since the steroid days i watched josh hamilton after . . .	0
seeing hulk hogan is just coming off a racist tirade endorsing trump may not be his wisest move .	2
woods sputters in third round at bridgestone tiger woods slipped further down the leaderboard saturday after ca . . .	0
to look less guilty hillary requests staffers to not plead the th but use nd amp rd together . by 	2
me either . . .but we got off early friday so some coworkers went to ihop . . .and the rest was history	1
just bought tickets for the ducks game next sunday ! ! ! !	0
hisd u s chief financial officer will retire in december i hope the rest of the finance staff will answer my questions !	1
jeb is an odd choice for a debut show . trump would have been the only candidate to have on his st show . colbertlateshow	2
can we all just skip to christmas winter break and then to march break then summer that would be perfect thanks	1
the mets are winning . david wright is in his first game in months . it s the th inning . he s still in .	0
iran oman hold joint military friendship committee meeting tehran isna iran and oman held the th joint . . .	0
the rodeo is thursday friday saturday and im moving houses through out thursday friday and saturday . myluck	1
happy eid greetings to you too may allah bless you	1
i think they did in when tv was out . certainly played at home v barcelona u c hard to believe it u s the same pair as on tuesday !	0
haha it u ll be alright . we got swansea on saturday tho away hahaha just like we talked	1
conrad murray s trial is set for september th it will be shown on live television . i am watching it . justiceformj	0
kim kardashian and kanye west update saint west may be the couple s last child kim kardashian s pregnancy co . . .	0
it s time ! come hang out with folks in the common area of the th floor of grady to watch apple s big announcements at pm !	1
lmfao hulk hogan really got fired on his day off . on a friday man .	0
the re release of in desolate times is available worldwide today ! including bonus tracks . grab a copy and let us know what you think !	1
 . look at all the media coverage of bahrain regime s arrest of nabeel rajab oct 	0
i enjoy kendrick for rhymes and performance . that nd part makes the first hazy for many i think .	1
great write in tonight ending in a random taco bell fix . see everyone sunday remember daylight savings ends . . .	1
sorry gang nd act of ant man just kills my buzz . so boring and the writing is really bad . i m hoping this stuff wasn t in wright s script .	2
nas takes over the london o arena on ! pre sale tickets available here pre sale ends tomorrow !	0
may be up for some smash in a little bit guys . just finishing this square last graveyard one ? as ruto with an a rank for the heart piece .	0
you may be shallow but never as shallow as kim kardashian releasing her own emojis l	2
yourself into it . by listening to kpop kculture comes with it . you may not agree with their culture and that s fine as long as it s in a	0
 off topic there is only episodes on the first disk of dexter . please hurry with the nd fitblog	0
randy orton still got he looks mon ! ! !	1
season in the sun nirvana	0
does anybody else think when they see the son of chris evans on tfi friday . sorry mate	0
i know ! we went to dinner and brett made sure he got his thursday hammersticks chicken fingers though !	0
that black guy floyd mayweather is about to fight in september look like he gonna beat his ass lmao	2
may she rest in peace . stay strong to lee soo man and family . .	1
 nowplaying steven wilson no twilight within the courts of the sun	0
want to gan see ferry corsten at digi on friday . . . can u t be bad if your ranked th in the world u c above angello u c hardwell calvin harris .	0
the red sox have an embarrassment of riches in the outfield . mookie betts showed off his defense on sunday	2
if you re in canberra next tuesday the twilight market is a must to stock up on fresh produce before christmas . . . .	1
nfl leaves tom brady off photo of elite qbs on sunday night the nfl tweeted out a graphic showing seven of t . . .	0
andreaaa are you going to the fair on saturday ?	0
sunday in atlanta ga catch me at the georgia dome . . . i will be live and turnt in that bitch ! hahaha ready to riseup	1
well if thats the case the kane and eriksen got us out of the shit last season and got us th not poch	0
he must of heard frank ocean is doing the same thing	0
world bank earmarks million for myanmar u c outlines month work plan the world bank said on thursday it ha . . .	0
 and would prefer unification again may just be my family but none of them seem to support the ira s tactics .	0
editorial tom brady winning ugly tom brady . on thursday a federal judge spiked the nfl s four . . . deflategate	0
try out the st lab series for ibm mobilefirst platform . mobile ibmmobile	1
 th of the way through rock season . i u m on my way .	0
lol look for the bright tiger woods not hard to miss me today	1
to keep in pace with friday th here s a teaser for the new david bowie album scheduled for release jan th . . . . . .	0
 all humans are entrepreneurs reid hoffman in the startup of you 	0
 eli manning hopes the giants can uplift the spirits of the millions affected by sandy in ny with their game against the steelers on sunday 	0
everyone come the the volleyball game at east tomorrow before the football game ! playoffs 	0
 trayvon my daily tweet in memory of trayvon martin killed days ago . may you rest in peace hang in there u c family 	0
for the st time hindus declined to less than population whereas muslims increased by . . census 	0
don u t worry mr . lewis i u m going to get a perfect score on your physics test tomorrow	1
 years later and there still trying to pin blame on someone . bloody ridiculous blame lies with ira at the time .	2
so you didn t show up at zac brown band last night . if you are there tonight or tomorrow then . . .well . . .we re in a fight	2
saturday circuit with michele morgan gay judy tracy stacy g vicki athena amp stacy c ! great job ladies amp thank you for joining !	1
 rd one dropped by afghans . this is not how you put pressure . indvafg wt 	2
bob marley s stir it up in birmingham from our gig on saturday enjoy gt gt gt bobmarley birmingham	1
i want dunkin tomorrow	1
jon stewart got into the action at wwe s summerslam on sunday bashing john cena with a chair .	0
it s against the constitution to turn christians into nd class citizens for disagreeing with homosexuality like it or not	2
floyd mayweather s dallying may mean a rematch with oscar de la hoya . . . and then another date with manny pacquiao	0
until louie th every dinner guest came with his own knife aka armed . watch got game of thrones red wedding .	1
trump cant beat hillary that is confirmed take it from me but hillary may not get nominated	0
i admire hillary amp may even vote for her . but she so doesn t sound sorry . email server	0
finally going to watch ant man tomorrow its still getting good ratings excited	1
 trayvon my daily tweet in memory of trayvon martin killed days ago . may you rest in peace keep family in your prayers love 	0
sun going down over rock im park germany . off to watch the offspring	0
awesome wedding shoot in amsterdam today u c excited fot the next one on saturday in a castle in utrecht . . . previews coming soon . . . .	1
aga tayo tomorrow ah . good night u c ces . love you ! d 	1
go set a watchman drops tomorrow . icymi i talked to indie bookstores around the country about their preparations	0
might just go back to summersville tomorrow . fuck this place .	2
beyonce is and jay z is . so i ain t even stressing anymore . bae is probably chilling in the th grade playing freeze tag .	0
head banging to nirvana at breakfast time beck not me . must be friday . although now he feels sick . highs and lows . . .	0
grammys concert pays moving tribute to whitney houston whitney houston was given a final sendoff by the grammys on thursday as halle . . .	0
today is thirsty thursday ! get a beer cold shot combo for only all day long . join us for the green bay . . .	0
i would do almost anything to not have to take the sats tomorrow	0
a great read with your saturday morning coffee . i u m voting for a pres working on social justice u c tolerance u c equality .	1
when my professor passes out candy and says a very small amount of that may be from valentines day u c just so you know 	0
 reasons why arsenal would be wasting time and money on simone zaza arsenal have been linked with a january . . .	2
i u m so gonna snatch up all the leftover halloween candy at cvs tomorrow letmeloveyou	1
today only is amazon prime day which offers more deals than black friday ! if you plan to shop don t forget to . . .	1
firework just came on my tv and i just broke down and sat and cried u c i need help okay	2
ravens sign ricky williams ohhhhh leeeeee dueeetttttt blackbirdgang . . .they bout to smokeout the locker room tonight	1
all memes aside . i can t wait to see john cena in the title for title match this sunday today at summer slam	1
obama was given the nobel prize on entry into the white house angela merkel may well get at the exit point for service to refugees .peace	1
yoo . . you gonna be at ecaasu in february ? let u s go bro ! come to philly u c i u ll drive up !	1
miss universe gabriela isler and miss usa attend the us open s th annual usta opening night tennis .	0
july pm est big time movie will be premiering on ytv with one direction commenting during commercials d	0
valentine u s day by linkin park may not be the newest song but it u s one of the best	1
 jan cracking the case of charles dickens the mystery of edwin drood and the madcap musical it inspired	0
honestly who is trying to go to kanye west s and heartbreak at the hollywood bowl sept ? ? ? looking for accompaniment .	1
cate blanchett sartorial superhero mixed tricky black separates with aplomb on the red carpet saturday 	0
do you know what happens to muslims without walaa amp baraa ? wallahi a must read ! ! ! may allah protect muslims in west .	0
can you please say happybirthday to me for tomorrow or rt follow me i love you dj malik	1
justin may grow up but he will always be the same alway the kidrauhl tht will be caring for fans being weird and making others smile	1
well i just got tickets to see paul mccartney october nd . pretty happy about that .	1
i remember in the th grade dylan and i could sing every word to kanye west s heartless	1
the craft awards are happening next week on october th at the gladstone hotel ! invite all your friends and get . . .	1
fec holds valedictory session for maku other ministers the federal executive council fec on wednesday he . . .	0
by the people timeline briana is due on jan th this better fucking end jan th i hope i never see fucking danielle campbell ever again	2
someone go see zac brown band with me september ! !	1
but nah . . .feb is cool . it s my little brother s bday that month and mjs mlk day presidents day mardi gras valentine s day ash wed etc	0
on oct th vettel will drive the infiniti q eau rouge up amp down congress avenue in downtown austin via	0
time to give ted a watch hopefully you don t need to have seen the st one to get it 	1
glad to hear there may be a bigger more public memorial to those killed by ira terrorists at the birmingham pub bombings	1
not sure if the marathon should happen u c but by ignoring saturday u s nets game that is still on u c i find this article deceptive	2
watching the news about sandy . . makes my problem seem so small . yet i had a headache all day . on another note tom is my friday !	2
decided to enter the cape argus pick n pay cycle tour happening on sun mar !	0
shinji kagawa held a coaching clinic for students on tuesday to support children in areas hit by the japan earthquake	0
i swear i m going to every monday wonders over xmas possible	0
oh just drinking a westy on a monday night listening to some nirvana . maternityleave	1
i m going to milan tomorrow ! ! ! i m so happy	1
paul dunne should have said that he will just imagine the ball is tom rinaldi s head on the first tee tomorrow . theopen	0
i u m singing what makes you beautiful for a school performance tomorrow ! wish me luck ? any advice ? follow ? lol love you u c niall	1
 thursday night friday night dinner special salmon jumbo shrimp . whole fish porgie . lb with lemon . . .	0
here s what gets wrong about star wars toys and right about force friday via	0
that s ashley in the st pic not briana but the pregnancy is still fake af	2
get the launch schedules for celebrity big brother cbb	0
nicki fighting all the rich flat ass divas st taylor swift now miley cyrus	0
 years of italian serie a history produced a first for juventus on sunday they lost at home on the opening day of the season	2
i have been to qatar in june july . miserable is just an empty word that does not scratch . hot no beer and muslims . fun eh ?	2
super eagles coach sunday oliseh has described the draw against tanzania as satisfactory considering it was . . .	0
oh thanks i appreciate it they say the ps amp ps will have the night map on september	1
apparently it s national ice cream day on sunday . you better believe that s all i m going to eat all day long .	1
rousey to fight former boxer mixed martial arts star ronda rousey said friday she will face female boxer holly h . . .	0
rmb something again xd called jonghyun when they st come out during showkase ? then i was like jonghyun ah and he bowed to me ! ! !	1
excited for pre fashion night out drinks at pipa tomorrow night with the homepolish designers ! first of many . . .	1
 israel us dentist may lose navy job in saratoga due to israel ties asked about the case t . . . world politics	2
the antonio feirce just asked me to got to dunkin w him tomorrow adlaksjskdh	1
 vote urdayumself comedy show w tomorrow the houston improv pm . free show ! get . . .	0
march rd do you think kevin rudd is superficial ? yes . votes no . votes rudd being revealed as a failure auspol	2
harrisburg scores two runs with two outs in top of th to take lead against prince george s county . pgrbi	0
are we going to have a copy of kane and lynch dog days to play tomorrow ?	0
oh no haha i meant he can t sign for milan now so spurs may have more of a chance	0
news in on john cena possibility hurt at a live event . . looks like he may have re injured his nose . hopefully the rumor is false wwe cena	2
 boldindenver i may be biased but i think toyota makes the best vehicles . i have driven lots but for the money . . . toyotawins	1
i can t wait to see the giants this saturday at metlife	1
jason aldean being on a thursday makes me really not want to go	0
why are the red sox and yankees playing a pm wednesday game ?	0
write around the murray starts tonight but i think napping may be what wins . wam 	0
bing one ups knowledge graph hires encyclopaedia britannica to supply results it may have retired from the cut . . .	0
 latestnews funes mori could make everton debut against chelsea martinez sept reuters ramiro funes . . .	0
finally washed off all the blood . i had so much fun running around as abigail today . decided i m doing nigel and hannibal tomorrow .	1
excited for the federer vs . djokovic final in cincinnati tomorrow afternoon . should be some great tennis !	1
i just sayin . . . they were coming anyway tomorrow . . .besides kyle he had to go to farmville or something after football game	0
 this book ya writing ah dun behlive in deities . eh ? okay . but tomorrow you will open eye amp enjoy thor . sango is watching you . wip	0
omg briana is amazing she is my new remodel ! ! ! spnfamiily pascon saturday	1
pumped too see you in tucson on the th dude ! ! ! laceup	1
i was gonna see ed sheeran tomorrow but nooo it sold before i could buy my ticket . same with halsey	2
okay sweet sorry to be a bum ! have a good evening tomorrow nit said she d be up for a drink in the week aswell x	1
oh please ! he u s been every political affiliation under the sun . romneyryan and hey cbs one word benghazi now that u s news .	2
clemson sweatshirt came in today got new uggs and got a couple pairs of jeans . . . .im ready but winter wont be the same .	0
dustin johnson moves to under through . clearly the strategy is to get so far ahead that penalty strokes on sunday won t matter .	0
anyone fancy tickets for nervo at digi on sunday ? willing to reduce the price	0
is there a decent karaoke spot in tulsa on a wednesday ? i feel the need to do number of the beast by iron maiden in honor of	0
that u s up to phil . he u s a big fan and may want to keep the copy all for himself .	0
hulk hogan may be one of the dumbest humans	2
you can u t be serious you u re acting as if parker just sat down for those rings . parker makes the spurs what they r	2
nothing wrong with a little iron maiden on a saturday night .	1
a mistake on nfl injury report initially said brian cushing would be out vs indy on thursday . he just didn t participate in today s practice	0
sept th . jeezy and gucci on the same track ? ! historical day for hip hop	1
jersey shore season four tonight x	1
jealous of all the people going to see u in october 	2
brrrr that was a shock this am ! c windy so feels chilly but some sun we are colder than siberia so the tabs . . .	2
really stoops run the ball on rd and ? overpaid and under produce 	2
i have faith that tonight i may win an ipod which would mean the world to me and i would treasure it qith my life	1
saudi arabia sentences woman to death by stoning for adultery but the man gets off with just lashes a mar . . .	2
i just realized i m going to see hedley tomorrow . ohmygod . thtime d weday	0
sunday june th is national ice cream day ! ! ! sorry for the short notice but our a c is now back up and . . .	1
i ll be at the donald trump rally next monday at the aac .	1
happy taco tuesday rogue tavern ! fried shrimp crawfish with homemade guacamole or pulled roasted chicken w . . .	1
oi taco tuesday s is the one ! best burrito s on the west coast awards . san diego pb . san francisco mission . venice beach la	1
i need to go buy a shirt tomorrow or today to make for the sam smith concert next weekend i mean a week from today ! can t wait !	1
texans injury report linebackers jadeveon clowney brian cushing both sit out thursday by the l . . . nfl texans	0
yesterday it has passed a year and four months since the great east japan earthquake march .	0
david price retires a rod with men on to send it to the bottom of the th . jays up 	0
aww ! im just kidding with you ! and yeeessss ! you don u t have school tomorrow ? thalia doesn u t either !	1
wait till hillary throws you under the bus like the rest . pleading the th ?	2
hay jun and bin you know who i saw creepy twilight at my walmart today . i have one question who give a way twilight .	0
beyonce has an album called got married on the th jay z s b day s on the th got a tattoo why do people think she was born on the rd	0
it s am on sunday so obviously it s time for david bowie .	1
off to see the ladykillers at with on friday . looking forward to it !	1
whose goin with me to get those concords in december ?	0
friday i need to be in cleveland turnt like i just fuck yo bitch in sum gucci flip flops 	2
un chief heads to japan as nuclear crisis simmers un chief ban ki moon arrives in japan on sunday where he pla . . .	0
ah okay was hoping to see you out friday ! next time i u m staying at harry u s we should meet up in kingston ! xx	1
i hope we don u t go to the niners game onda th . but u c i wouldn u t mind meetin u up widd my boo u c kyle williams inda loccer room stuff . lmfao !	2
i m in the process of updating to windows . close your home windows wherever you are . . . . .my screams may soon be deafening .	2
on january st i said this was going to be zayn s year but i had no idea	0
wake up with sweet pete tomorrow from am to am at the dunkin donuts on carmichael street in essex junction . . .	0
are you ready to shop the new collection from h m tomorrow ? ? the grey concept from h m fashion shopping highstreet	0
i m so impressed with amazon prime . i bought these dvds yesterday and they delivered the next day on a sunday .	1
the u .s . open is rockin . .nadal tonite federer tomorrow	1
anybody know the theme for the reagan game tomorrow ?	0
no classes til monday . . . . .coming to myrtle beach was so worth it	1
ac milan reportedly want miralem pjanic to join the san siro in january source corriere dello sport transfertalk	0
tomorrow at school why did zayn and perrie break up ? is sophiam engaged ? did you guys break the record ? me 	0
follow the top justin bieber stories for dec on our topical page 	0
scott walker thought it d be a good idea to stiff his personal bodyguards . 	0
i have always loved sony . been watching the kid since his th grade .	1
wish you were eating jackie o u s today ? come to the appalachian health summit saturday for delicious jackie o u s lunch u c health workshop 	1
sunday was the first cooler than normal day bdr in october . this morning was the coldest one of the season .	1
met via google hangout on wednesday ! so cool to meet someone that you u ve actually cited in paper 	1
i think should come back to calgary . saw him in september and yeah u c he u s hot . i love him . nuffsaid comeback love	1
edmonton u s james murdoch and jay sparrow take their new collaboration to toronto u s rivoli tonight u c dakota tavern sat	0
not sure what to say . i guess we u ll all be happy when nov passes . i u ll support whoever is next potus . but obv want romney .	0
 broncos peyton manning named afc offensive player of the month . it u s his th such honor u c second to tom brady u s u c tied w td .	0
being gay is a struggle . the person u like may never have mutual feelings bc she s straight sheskindahotvma	0
how is it that someone who is hiv positive can be charged but people who may have ebola are not penalized for moving in public	2
the same ppl who voted ukip in may are only defending migrants coming to the uk because it seems like the conscientious or right answer .	2
the emmys are the unwatched awards show in february u c the grammy awards show blew through the . . . entertainment oc	0
someone must not be too happy with the hired help in sewickley sidney crosby s image removed from pens mobile app cover on thursday . nhl	2
harper gets first chance most seats won get nd chance . easy . harper does not play well with others ask danny williams .	1
excited for the th album and zayn s album mtvhottest one direction	1
foxtel is the best money i have ever spent . productivity goes down on tuesday u s . . . newsroom u c mob wives u c general omg ness . love it .	1
yeah friday ! opportunities abound . i ve see the toyota trucks with yo on the tailgate . today i was a mitsubishi that said t u shi 	1
i hope that john cena wins the wwe world heavyweight champion for the th time amp seth rollins is right the future is now . titlefortitle	1
omg kim kardashian has her own kimojis not fair what s this women gonna come up with next	0
tomorrow s times leads with government child abuse cover up . newsnight go with allegra stratton s love letter to george osborne	0
dear david i hope erdogan s mentors won t translate into the turkish otherwise he may use it against egpytian leader 	2
memphis may fire a day to remember alesana nirvana the xx alt j arctic monkeys the offspring . . . my jams man	0
glad you could make it to the phoenix comicon . you also did a great job on rookie blue this past thursday .	1
all of the enriched uranium in iran under the joint comprehensive plan of action accepted on july in vienna . . .	0
chris christie and john kasich make the cut ricks perry and santorum do not	0
if you love me you ll tell frank ocean to drop his album by september th . thanks .	1
this john green s paper towns nonsense is just a recycling of the little boxes complaints of the s the original st world problem .	2
reviving big brother may have been channel s worst idea ever and syndicating it may have been tv s worst idea ever .	2
posterous is gone ! ! all data lost friday ? not even server message up today . i ve lost . yrs of posts ! have you checked your posterous ?	2
cate blanchett proved that you don t have to wear a gown to look elegant on the red carpet	1
on sunday watch sarah g live u c one of myrtle s dream will come true together with melai u c will have a song number with sarah g .	0
no pogba can t go to chelsea he needs to wait at juventus when his time comes he should go to barca or rm	0
just got him tickets to the knicks vs celtics game on october lmfao how mad would he be ?	1
everyone wanna skip work school tomorrow and have a bulls party to get hyped for the season ?	1
watch tomorrow s news is going to be all about niall and camila . are they dating ? 	0
tifosi save the date on september rd kimi will visit the new in milan !	0
voting ends tomorrow at ten a .m . so can this tweet get up to at least a hundred retweets by the morning ? mtvstars lady gaga	0
today september th is bernie sanders birthday . he s . love him or hate him i think you have to give him mad props . happy birthday b !	1
living for magic mike xxl with tomorrow .	1
if you haven t heard black friday by kendrick and j cole i suggest for you to listen to it .	0
 . . .move the remaining teams to the d leagues u c champion u c moves up to the team league the th place team is bumped down to the d league	0
messi has now failed to score against atletico for the th consecutive game	2
you may be shocked to learn that kobe bryant does not agree with espn ranking him the nba s th best player . video 	2
i just realized that batman s ideology of murdering may be the reason why i don t smoke	0
 you r the best negotiator .wish it was u instead of kerry that went .	1
follow and meet her on november u c outside the bell center at ?	0
then you re set for a sharknado . tomorrow syfy channel is showing all back to back . i may need to stock up .	1
romney falsely claimed he saw his father march with mlk jr . anything he won u t lie about ?	2
dana white may be to blame for arguably the greatest ufc fighter ever not returning	0
the sound of sunday with katy perry roar webradio internetradio	0
los angeles galaxy vs colorado rapids game preview on friday september th the colorado rapids will travel . . .	0
tell that to the little african girls who have to put on a strip show for kony on their saturday nights firstworldpains	0
i u m going and actually meeting channing tatum tomorrow . it u s all set up . suck my dick twitter !	2
you can t miss bokampers new thursday night football giants vs redskins with insane food amp drink specials amp miami dolphins ticket giveaways	1
about to get this grind sesh in with the fellas ! ! ! ! pro day on monday ! ! !	1
zac brown band in november just wait on it	1
now you got me on the hunt for tickets event in houston in oct ! learn that rousey arm bar ! she needs a good challenger 	1
tomorrow morning before work i m getting pumpkin coffee from dunkin if there isn t any you re responsible	1
randy orton vs seth rollins for the wwe world heavy weight championship now on wwe monday night raw 	0
 smartcamp is coming to auckland sept will we see you ibm	1
saw bruce springsteen in june . wrecking ball great but jack of all trades v moving song of life in the credit crunch	1
like hulk hogan more now . don t need to boycott wwe either i already boycott bs . shame he may be purged from prestigious fake wrestling hof	2
on august rd my client brock lesnar will stamp the repeat in eat sleep conquer repeat ! fact ! raw	0
just put money down on resistance . deus ex may have to wait until christmas .	0
wait it u s thursday u c tryna have a smokeout ?	0
make sure your coach has turned in your chevy youth soccer ticket stubs for the cruz or equinox drawing in december !	0
im going to disney world on october rd . so if you want to come one down come on down !	1
supporting aapl in nyc th ave store wife n her friend each bought an apple watch plus the place is packed . business is booming	1
anna kendrick may be the only good thing that twilight produced . i mean she was amazeballs on up in the air hahaha !	1
i am hoping this spring . . . . .maybe we could go see nj at frontier festival in milan . . . . april . we would rock it . xxx	1
in his session at the th international cloud expo u c brian clark u c vice president u c field services u c at objectivity . . .	0
et review motorola moto g rd gen we have always recommended the moto g for budget conscious users w . . . news	1
lol ! ! i forgot all about that mariah carey concert ! and ps he was waving at me ! ! !	1
is t it fake ? the grammys nominations come out in december ! ! !	0
 trayvon my daily tweet in memory of trayvon martin killed days ago ! may you rest in peace stay strong u c family . 	0
curtis asking me if we wanna go mexico or canada over the summer . . . . what kinda question is that c mon burrito cholo	0
hi ! i m from bbc live did you watch lady chatterley on sunday ? we d love to hear your thoughts . follow me so i can dm you	1
i m in the mood to get a gangsta grillz today you think it will go over well at the work place on monday morning is this the new normal ?	0
i managed to go through the entire weekend including labor day and tuesday without seeing any cornhusker highlights . and ruined it .	1
ajax caretaker coach jan pruijn jokes he needs to sideline top talent billiat and manyama played best after . . .	0
happy nd birthday to our little royal package . nd birthday same day as prince george x	1
cineplex is doing tuesday prices every day until september someone come with me to see magic mike xxl ? ? ? ? ?	1
the ira terrorist may be suspected of killing british soldiers but he probably killed a lot more . the ira . . .	2
and even after all the petitions all the hearings someone will say tomorrow that yakub didn t get a fair trial .	2
pop bottles make love thug passion red bottoms mon claire high fashion .	1
i mean can you blame her ? i d hide behind beyonce too if i knew a hit combo may or may not came my way .	1
don t miss camp rock s mall show tomorrow pm at the greenbelt park ! starring as mitchie and as shane ! p	1
the th album is on it u s way and we didn u t even get a tour for unbroken . . . australiawantsdemi starting to think isn u t coming	2
my dads all buying beds for the house in wisconsin . like bitch i haven u t been there since th grade	2
i don t understand the john cena meme but i need there to be one with him and april and the end of the johnny karate ep of parks and rec .	0
david wright expected to return to the mets tomorrow . wright has been out since late april with hamstring and . . .	0
no big deal tsipras reminds his admirers all over the world . if possible a nd emasculation won t be opposed by him .	2
the professional development series is off this week for labor day . we will return next tuesday with another webinar .	0
live as if you were going to die tomorrow . learn as if you were to live forever . gandhi wisewords	1
can it be february th already ? bioshock infinite looks amazing .	1
hey did you know national ice cream day is sunday july th ? make sure you take a moment to enjoy a scoop of your favorite flavor ! yum	1
does anyone want a ticket to see ed sheeran tomorrow ? ! ? dm me	0
i feel like she s trying to do a pink friday roman reloaded thing like nicki but it s literally just flaming lips album rejects .	0
hey harry ! you were amazing august th at metlife ! love you !	1
all tied at after st qtr u c murray state with ball in red zone	0
tomorrow morning u will get reply yakub will be hanged . india is not going to be govern by presstitutes 	2
do you think brock lesnar will beat undertaker at summer slam on sunday	0
on the th before u balik melaka can meet kejap ah ? 	0
no more bad blood by taylor swift music please the video on monday was more like badluck ! ! ! badeditor sfgiants cheesymusic	2
selena s new album will be out on november th with only two new songs .	0
 mets david wright on stretch run i m going to enjoy this mon sep 	1
it may be a driver issue . contact your laptop service provider to check for latest audio drivers compatible with windows .	1
alonso is still a ferrari driver today but he may not be tomorrow	0
bryant exits game with apparent injury cubs third baseman kris bryant had to leave sunday s game in the fifth . . .	2
adam schefter needa go on get chris mortensen ass outta here . mort just mumblin stumblin fumblin every single sunday .	2
david otunga says brock lesnar is the best athlete to ever come out of minnesota . i think we have the lead item for tomorrow s livecast .	0
bale is a great player messi may have to drag with him this season and i think bale feels strong .	1
erdogan peace process with kurdish militants impossible	2
odin far wanderer grant me wisdom courage and victory . friend thor grant me strength and may both be with me .	1
they are coming to my area this sunday there is a signing too . i just saw them riot fest . i was shocked to see they were	0
damn kendrick running the rap game cole a close nd tho	0
it u s good some abc and cbs outlets are reporting benghazi but part of reason is probably so they can claim but we reported it ! th hr	1
thursday is national hot dog day !	0
news plan b confirms february uk tour with support from labrinth and rudimental !	1
bang him up front with kane and play sun and n jie on the wings then surely !	0
gamble landed at ludlow with our first selection hold court winning at from . super duty ran well in nd and will be	1
he said you were the nd best person after david beckham .	1
now we finally get to correct the mistakes of jurassic park	0
ya i know . i was frustrated amp had my st ever twitter over reaction . it was more me just hate losing to white sox .	2
if you used gigs amp tours to purchase your shawn tickets on the monday will you have a chance of winning a m amp g ticket ?	0
justin just made his comeback amp released his st single and he s already snatching everyone s weaves he s the king of the music industry .	1
joe biden confirms he is deciding on whether to run for president us news the guardian	0
statesboro ga has just been added to the tour dates for sept th at rum runners !	0
ant man feels like a rough st draft of the marvel universe namely iron man which it probably was considering it s where it all started .	1
movie day and some of grammy u s hot chocolate tomorrow . . . pleaseohplease	1
out here in the sticks . next town over . milan . i m going tomorrow for another cornhole turny .	0
i don u t think dwight howard is gonna last in la . he u s already frustrated and it u s nd game . . . uh oh	2
meet the fighter who believes she may be ready for rousey yahoo sports 	0
i figure bentley was worse because he strung ashley along for weeks when he didn t like her at all . but joe s a close nd !	0
hi there ! tom in radnor and sat mutt strut u c the pump chip . not sure on the bacon . i just threw out bc of the storm .	0
samsung said the new galaxy note and s edge plus will start shipping aug in u .s . and canada . via	1
adam levine strikes a pose for photographers outside of the late show with david letterman on thursday october in new york city	0
does anyone want to help me win tickets to see shawn in sandiego tomorrow ?	0
the view from the th floor mgm grand at foxwoods	0
if bob marley had alien fans he would be depressive and kill himself after the nd album .	2
when ice cube dropped the friday reference straight gold	0
thoughts and prayers with pavol demitra s family today and the entire hockey team who perished in a plane crash today .	0
coldplay one republic maroon sam smith ed sheeran oasis owl city simple plan the fray muse snow patrol empire of the sun . .	0
momma want me back home man i want a lexus by december !	1
hope lives it up tonight . . love you mama . . will visit dallas soon 	1
our trustee has just recorded some quick comments for bbc spotlight tune in tomorrow for the evening news to see it !	1
did you play for exeter st team against swansea yesterday ?	0
mark your calendars ladies luke bryan will be at the houston rodeo march th u c then george the th ! !	1
breaking news i m going to youmacon with my sister on saturday . i will be dressing up as every character from naruto .	0
get back on the th and have days or so until move in day at northwestern which i hope is enough time to binge watch game of thrones	1
ufc anderson silva vs . yushin okami gambling spotlight a handful of ufc props to make your night a lit . . .	0
even the toughest fighters can benefit from a bit of yoga . here are the white collar boxers fighting on saturday . . .	0
 omg kyle is the best boyfriend ever ! i just knew if i sat i m the pink chair he would find me ! love him 	1
basically my sunday monday transition nicki thank you to my pastor nicki so bitch you was talkin mad shit what up w that 	0
rt new website to go with one of my favorite days of the year in paris nuit blanche ! this saturday !	1
what shall i watch today ? my dear anna kendrick in ? raquel in one millions years bc ? or sly in over the top ? all would be st times .	0
 years ago today new orleans was awarded the th nfl franchise and the new orleans saints were born ! happy birthday to my saints !	1
like christians working for the saudi government would have to follow muslim law ? i thought here there is the st ammendment .	0
and the th one is for harry styles ! ! 	0
celebrity juice is decent tonight alex reid good answer on the last question .	1
yesterday ? lol alotta afghans had birthdays yesterday it isnt even january st u c happy birthday d	1
don t miss the beast brock lesnar on espn tomorrow morning ! brocklesnar	1
join us at cobo bay this sunday for the best fleetwood mac tribute band ! plus off drinks	1
i m naming my cat champ so sunday when i look for him i won t be able to see the wwe suuuuuuuuuuupper slam champ john cena	1
yup it u s national bieber day u c cuz our baby just turned loveyaforevernalways	1
would anyone want to see jason aldean september 	0
may beauty amp love rest within your soul . have a wonderful day ira !	1
the golden globe awards will be hosted by tina fey and amy poehler live on nbc on january starting at pfrom the beverly hilton hotel	0
praying for you and your beautiful family ! ! may frank gifford rest in peace .	1
so clattenburg u s alleged racism may mean end of his career terry u c suarez u c rio use it and can u t play for a couple of weeks ? consistency	2
finna hit the grammys tomorrow then ima finna go thug it with live in my stomping grounds in the ie ! grittygrindn	0
wendy williams sat there and literally made transphobic comments about caitlyn jenner and yet you don t see anything wrong ? ?	2
i u m going tuesday to the house of blues to see a ap rocky	0
i love that notredame is ranked th . . . spot light is off us u c and we can roll right into the national championship . watch out bama	1
friday random ten revisiting the rolling stone greatest songs list part it s a good song . . . reggaenews	1
 playing todd bertuzzi in a golf match on sunday ridgemountcup get in his head u c uh what do you do for a living ? 	0
could the aggies get more conservative on offense ? would be hard . turn it over on th and at asu s misusing murray for second time .	2
fleetwood mac is the perfect sunday driving music	1
sam smith hairline think it s throwback thursday everyday or some shit huh	2
when did briana get pregnant was it before july like months earlier than july so does that mean she is due by now where s the baby	0
long weekend kicked off tomorrow with jack white . heebie jeebies	1
ed sheeran next tuesday ! ! with cantwait thinkingoutloud ateam drunk legohouse sing one edsheeran	1
this is like the th selfie of posted today looks like im turning into alli simpson oops	0
may the odds be ever in your favor ! happy halloween from the capitol ! 	1
the fantasy world of yougov and their weightings . check the raw unweighted figures .	1
my th account is gonna be blocked now what to do ? ? create the th ? ! it s the craziest voting i ve ever seen in my life mtvstars lady gaga	0
good morning all ! a full house today do ring if you have any problems . tomorrow both kenny and murray are out of . . .	0
charles darwin s own dad thought he was lazy . even if you are having a bad day there s always tomorrow 	1
messi is on another level to cr and james is not the th best player in the world . . .	0
 nd best sports moment rob riggle hosting the espy awards funny	1
so it s all on giroud and theo for arsenal then . . .	0
omg i can t wait to see what beyonce is gonna do at the vma s sunday august th !	1
it is july th i am drinking water still no sign of frank ocean s album	2
so chris evans seems to be the only editor of a national not in the mediaguardian ? that s got to sting .	0
dragon s quest heroes the world s tree woes and the heroes you know trailer coming to ps in oct . playstationmvp	0
its different may b to the minority adarsh liberals of israel	0
sharknado was funny the first time . we humored them for the nd . but a third ? even i m not enough of a fan of bad movies to watch that shit .	2
 apple a look at the evolution of apple s iphone apple will unveil the new iphone on wednesday . the next ipho . . .	1
group backing scott walker is spending more than m on ads in sc starting early nov through the primary 	0
cowboys will beat the falcons sunday istamp	1
bjp accuses rahul gandhi of double standards under attack over the issue of intolerance bjp on monday hit ba . . .	2
 the sports page cowboys the kingfish amp the oaks everywhere to get to you taurus may th fontenot love	0
oh well . i guess i ll just find a guy who sat on cake . let me know if want to start a u cover band .	0
shawn will be at the vmas tomorrow and i ll be at the red carpet so ill be updating myself	1
jungle island says it will be open as usual on monday . to see what u s open what u s closed click on this link isaacon 	0
heeeeey and i would love to see the great sir paul mccartney on friday at lolla ! ! spreadtheworld	1
miesha tate says your going to win oct th during her interview and you are a bad ass at . . . go girl 	1
anchorage u c ak the ceremonial start of the iditarod every march	0
don t worry about results tomorrow my dad got an a in politics and still ended up voting for ukip	0
tomorrow is the day we u ll beat justin biebers vevo record and earn our title back ! 	1
tuesday attack by boko haram militants on gamgara village near the town of bosso niger left a dozen people dead local sources report	2
our coverage of the tennessee and ole miss game starts at tomorrow afternoon with the tennessee tailgate show featuring	0
gucci bags nephesh gall february snowball the bipartite your representative drag splay en route to old pro afl . . .	0
 talking to gunny about who s playing tomorrow me messi and then some mexicans that you don t know gunny that s okay . i like mexicans	0
applications are due this friday november ! ! ! let this video of yes prep senior signing day inspire you as . . .	1
if i get my c in health and social on my essay on the transgender community tomorrow i will thank caitlyn jenner myself	0
happy humpday nicki enjoy your wednesday . super love and miss you . xoxo sweetpea	1
murray just lost nd set and camera stayed on him during changeover . i counted f words in seconds . new record ?	0
scott walker scratching really deep to find some kind of data to spin to make his awful record look better	2
oh hey david price pitches for the jays tomorrow . good luck shitwanks .	1
if you pine for a time when jay z didn t suck then listen to czarface . esoteric rd of the group is a dead ringer for his voice .	0
an evening with maya angelou p .m . oct . in elon university u s alumni gym . . tickets available sept . . .	0
i didn t tweet about this anywhere but on friday i opened my calculator and it said john cena but i didn t have my phone to take a pic it	0
 gopdebate john kasich is like th in the polls . why is he getting all this time ? had to be a deal for the hometown gov .	0
go to the ahs football game tomorrow to buy halloween fun run tickets	0
going see magic mike xxl for the th time tomorrow ! after watching this scene no explanations needed good nite !	1
such a tough choice . . . ghost rider or friday the th . .	0
then this shit better fucking end tonight briana and i don t want to hear anything from you tomorrow or ever	2
ahhhh the next few weekends are going to be messy ! first off this saturday powder room at the gladstone hotel . . .	2
because the answer is wednesday and that is very soon and i m still not packed also my amazon prime order didn t arrive today wtf 	2
yep lets put carly fiorina in the wh amp the ladies who run march for life on the supreme court . right ?	0
headlines in n .o . paper tomorrow . denver run all over the aints ! ! ! !	1
beyonce won her th vma last night making her the second person with the most awards in vmas history . madonna has .	1
i m going to flux pavilion at city nightclub edinburgh in edinburgh united kingdom aug 	0
wow kovacic and witsel in january ? can see milan the scudetto winners already .	1
more information on the new comme des garcons fragrance being launched at church next wednesday th of august 	0
 . phase two kicks off with u iron man u trailer on october rd via	0
world music festival rocks city saturday maria muldaur headlines the day long event u c which bring french g . . . jazz	0
eagles resume training tomorrow super eagles assistant coach salisu yusuf has revealed that the team would r . . .	0
damn it nyc mta sign where were you saturday night ?	2
try your third year in a place equilavilent to leeds festival toilets on the sunday .	0
tgif ! know what would make your friday even better ? winning a year supply of new england natural bak	1
 days away from the new england fitness weekend ! check in starts friday u c u c from pm u c followed by a mandatory athletes meeting .	0
i get the number on a wednesday and the st david u s school bus on a thursday because it drops off at air bus xx	0
so glad i walked past the girl scout table today . it u s a much better saturday knowing i u m one box of thin mints richer .	1
off to dubai tomorrow looking forward to seeing how the industry feels post ramadan and eid . keep you posted .	0
can i just go soak up the california sun on venice beach one more time before school starts ?	1
now that miss usa is over i think i might world war z for the th time . cant go to sleep in a quiet room the tv is always on	0
he u ll be the eli manning of the nba u cthey r both of the best th quarter players in their sports closer killerinstinct splapa	1
dana white confirms the featherweight title fight between jose aldo junior and conor mcgregor is set for ufc on dec . in las vegas .	0
great write in tonight ending in a random taco bell fix . see everyone sunday remember daylight savings ends . . .	1
and i just can t wait for these fat old white christians to talk bad about muslims this september th . every year . they don t stop .	2
 st gen ipad mini still going strong . love that little guy .	1
sunday fun night . come hang out and be loved revcoak on the ps tonight 	1
at the show on monday night people kept yelling john cena n ed was like . . . .am i the only one who finds that annoying n i was like no fam	2
former world no tiger woods blamed his putting after struggling to an opening round score of in the us pga championship on thursday	2
going to need dunkin tomorrow can someone plz help ya girl out	0
why joe biden may well be a great candidate for smbs if he ll run of course 	1
those who criticised the way tony blair took the uk to war may reflect that the present pm expresses similar . . .	0
off to st . john u s to help coach the girls softball team ! iqaluit on wednesday lastweekendhome	0
don t miss the tron reunion with cindy morgan and bruce boxleitner at phoenix comicon in may ! phxcc sm	1
samsung galaxy note got its last firmware update in april and it wasn t version . . . today nearly months . . .	1
patriots extend lead u c cruise into th with lead pats pulpit the patriots extended their lead in the rd . . .	1
milan is pessimistic they ll reach an agreement with zenit for witsel they may make an attempt before window closes in hours dimarzio 	0
it s the rd dustin johnson show rearing its head again at another major . he leads by two but sat and sun will tell the tale pgachamp	1
brothers please keep sheikh rabee in your dua he has been sick since the day of eid . may allah make our beloved . . .	0
if we don t go on senior trip with the malvern people where are we vacationing to ? no matter what we aren t going to be in ohio june rd .	2
proper geeking out today ant man was so good and under the dome till i sleep mate im gonna be dead tomorrow	1
bentley active on the st defensive drive . good see from the lbs	1
 nd attempt at watching pll halloween special . i hope my dad doesn t come and ruin it !	2
 worldseries mlb fox fs kc metsvsroyals i wonder how many kids will be thor tomorrow night . .thor with a mets hat on 	0
 epao jcc demands rop to workcharge employees urging the chief minister to implement the th pay commi . . . manipur	0
if i see anyone i know tomorrow at school i m just gonna run up to them and yell john cena 	1
 didn t know niall liam and louis were there at all . but it came to that saturday night when sam smith performed that 	0
rss october new photo of justin with lenny kravitz at . . .	1
how is it the dirt poor kids in rd world countries manage to get money to go to a show but kids in the valley can u t ?	2
this monday st of december pm in jerusalem the unofficial embassy of iran will be opened by a group of . . .	0
bullet for my valentine next year ? do you still want to go see them ? presale starts tomorrow morning !	0
the th edition of the headies takes place at eko hotel suites this saturday ! are you ready ?	0
i m going to gay pride . ore whats ur excuse for september mbuso nkabinde 	0
jeb bush in th place with . .	0
i hope that tomorrow i will wake up with justin bieber in my stocking	1
who knows ? next cbb may have hulk hogan the lord in a brassiere and chippy the budgie .	0
i m running on the stage if sam smith sings lay me down tomorrow	1
i had a feeling cassadee pope would be at house of blues today . too bad she couldn u t do remembering sunday with atl	2
 dailydouble time ! liam s on a friday night double . get it here gt gt gt 	0
 that s why my prog indie heavy rock filled ipod has one direction s rd and th albums on it . i am not kidding .	1
who is going to the unitedsoundsofafrica concert tomorrow at irving plaza nyc ? cc	0
i think aftr seeing all this yakubtohang drama the security guy at d jail would like to shoot yakub dead rather than hanging him tomorrow	2
would you like to join us at our annual gala at the sandman signature resort on oct ? contact our centre at for tickets !	1
deir ezzor colonel mohammed al abdullah from the th division and the lt . recruit feras mohammed al abdullah have defected syria ne . . .	2
i now want to ride my bike with here come the sun by george harrison playing in the background and my hair flowing behind me . fun	0
 followed him up the golden staircase to their throne . he sat down with sif at his side . thor and jane standing on the 	0
what dreams forget the whisky remembers . kinda like molasses in late december justa creepin . eric church .	1
t mobile be trippen my phone is off after i just payed it friday tf ! ! annoyed	2
no actually i made a video for the john cena meme ill tweet it tomorrow and ill tag you its comedy gold i swear	1
performing at the kee on august th ? is this real life ? betches retreat . . . thisisourchance	0
hi stephen wanted to double check with you on your availability for eid dinner on sat th at the orchards from to 	0
on friday indian media are feel that pm narendra modi s labour reforms plan has make the india into a golbal manufactureing hub 	1
me too but zayn was just on a break at st too so idk i m still super scared	0
perseverance is failing times and succeeding the th . julie andrews love hardwork	1
j likes to put on a show . he s known as the valentine s baby because he was first spotted february th .	0
i had to drop a finger cause zayn is gone and it was like march th all over again .	0
a i only just now found out about force friday what the hell . b amazon prime those blasters .	0
i m going to orientation naked tomorrow	0
totally buying the new batman movie on blu ray december th !	1
ordered pair of cardboard cutters friday on amazon prime arrived at my house at this morning . i trust the drivers are getting paid well	1
in other news i saw ant man ! it may have a few flaws but i absolutely loved it ! so funny and the character is brilliant	1
sat here . . . waiting . . . for my windows update . . . one day . . . soon . . . they promised .	0
bloody hell ok so in days thats mad max big hero and naruto the last . now about to watch the lego movie think i may od on good films	1
have you snagged your tickets to see kenny chesney and eric church at ford field on august ?	1
if i don t get an a or b on the bio final on monday ima cry myself to a dark room and watch twilight	2
i bet you won u t power clean mettenbergers unconscious body after you sack him saturday ! roll tide	2
whatever you know red sox are going to win tomorrow	0
trynna go to ihop but all my friends are asleep so i may just go by myself whenindoubtpancakeitout	1
amnesty for ira murderers some with dubious pasts are in govt in ni free from prosecution but today ex para is arrested re bloody sunday	2
 th grade me also gave a girl a stuffed bear for valentine s day and like an hour after giving it to her she threw it at me .	0
ball flying at wrigley field tonight . kris bryant and dexter fowler have both homered in the rd inning	0
tomorrow thorbjorn will be paired with richard bland and will be teeing off at am gmt .	0
i m going to at fabrique in milan italy apr 	0
i hope you have a wonderful sunday night as well shawn	1
plagiarism . sopa u s gonna get you on october .	2
vote for zayn under the most inspirational uk asian category by tweeting auktop voting ends on september th !	1
this thursday we have tickets to the special pre screening event of the donkey show adrienne arsht center for . . .	0
it would be a christmas miracle if i woke up tomorrow and there were justin bieber tickets under the tree	1
going to watch edge of tomorrow again as i find it deeply satisfying to watch tom cruise be killed repeatedly	0
guy sat opposite me on the train is the spit of dave grohl	0
the finale of made in chelsea is next monday and i haven t seen any of it . result	0
who is the best ? ne with their first full concert on dec at the singapore indoor stadium . tickets go on sale oct .	1
may of witnessed a girl punch a guy in the face last night and tackled him to the ground at davos	0
frank ocean can go to hell now idgaf about him no more when baby dropping her album	2
kanye west made waves during sunday night s mtv video music awards when he capped off his minute acceptance . . .	1
who s going to sam smith s concert tomorrow ? ?	0
wayans brothers need to be in the new friday movie wit ice cube chris tucker and kevin hart . no question .	0
someone said that they might snub kendrick on all nominations or he may get just . if that happens then it s clearly rigged .	2
lhp matt boyd traded to in david price deal will start tomorrow vs . the bluejays	0
on our way to binghamton ny for our show at the downtown quarterback . go to for info on the show tomorrow night !	0
a regal nissan titan helped walk a bride down the aisle on saturday . share your special nissan story .	0
friday oct th ! ! ! ! the alumni will be rocking philly ! ! ! ! ! free show the liacouras center pm classic hip hop !	1
take niall s guitar and play on stage at the show tomorrow .	0
well tbh my friend yesterday found an article about briana being pregnant from louis from november or december th 	0
patrick townsend is hosting a webinar on august on overcoming the security challenges on the ibm i . time pst am . est pm .	0
watch apple s september iphone and more launch on if you have a few hours to kill .	0
hey tony saw you in the pit at foo fighters on saturday but didn t have the chance to say hi ! did you have a good evening ?	1
im so tired and dead but im going to disneyland with and tomorrow so 	1
our term mama brown thursday twilight finished with a bang last night grand final results are below . . .	1
in an ideal world oregon and boise state will win sept rd and give power to the pac nw ! goducks	1
new delhi members of iac on sunday protested and clashed with the police outside haryana chief minister bhupinder singh hooda	2
if there were an election tomorrow ukip still wouldnt get a great number of mp s i hate to say it but i think this country is about finished	2
announcer said mine stoops chagrined at rd down issues ? how about pissed ? ou dodged another one on texas bad snap .	2
if wwe need a rd member of the wyatts so that sting can join ambrose and reigns chris benoit or hulk hogan could always join them	0
bomb squad bake sale thursday the th ! ! ! don u t miss out .	1
cate blanchett isn t a tall poppy she s a redwood . long may she continue to grow . aactas	1
when mike hears about hulk hogan c mon guys he s not that bad . he probably was just having a bad day bahhhhh	0
amazing points made regarding the sufi tradition of islam . very kind words . mannkibaat	1
nigeria says it has captured a boko haram commander amp freed hostages not clear if they include some chibok girls	0
coming up on twitter ! tonight sharknado tired jokes ! tomorrow trump visits the border friday cynicism saturday beach pictures !	0
if the cowboys had trouble bottling up arian foster . . . .i gotta believe marshawn has a really good shot at yards sunday .	1
so excited for thursday i just got tickets to the jason aldean concert for her bdayyyy !	1
rt hello there i here that the stinking working class were rioting in london last night do you see why i m in italy blo . . .	2
mgm grand sets tackles tomorrow at over under . . i m taking the over . special teams monster hitstick	0
make like bob marley and get jammin ! jam night at the sun inn saxilby pm tonight saxilby jamnight	1
to combat the thick smog enveloping parts of italy milan has imposed a day ban on private vehicles from this monday through wednes . . .	0
a very laid back mariah carey made it family time only as she stepped out on malibu beach on wednesday with her adorable twins moroccan	1
hustle cause you got to then kick back n party everyday like its fri	1
huawei watch pre order suggests android wear coming to ios iphone owners who want to use android wear may soo . . .	0
same old love went past hello by adele on the american pop radio and is now placed at the nd position after sorry by justin bieber !	0
i think reddit may hate chinese people more than it hates muslims and women . and it hates muslims and women a lot .	2
i just realized that go set a watchman comes out tomorrow ! ! !	1
i really don u t want to go to iss tomorrow . . . 	2
some big bangs fans has been spending the nights at stadium merdeka since yesterday . . . yesterday . . . . . . and the concert u s tomorrow . . . . . . . . . . .	0
leonel angel coira signed with real madrid and will begin training september th he is . i need to get pax some cleats .	0
ahhhhh just got lauren u s email ! ! ! we are going to snap tomorrow beready	1
my name is jaehyun i was born on th of february at the same time with valentine day . i m originally came from seoul c 	1
paper towns is released in the uk tomorrow and i have nobody to watch it with . cries eternally 	0
the sun had now completely risen u c and the whole facade of granite house became illuminated by its rays but in the interior as well as on t	0
watching twilight this lovely morning and wondering why couldn t the prods leave everyone s hair alone ? ? it was so much nicer !	1
everywhere i go by janet jackson ! ugh i remember waking up when it was still dark in the winter for school i think like rd grade	1
really has to start watching the sharknado movies now . they e already on and announcing a th movie and i have yet to see even o 	1
varitek eager to learn on the job newly appointed red sox special assistant jason varitek on friday reflected o . . .	1
on december th i came over to your house we put on twilight and slept together on your couch . slept slept no sex . it was lovely .	1
roskilde festival starts today .tomorrow jakob bro thomas knak will introduce their music bro knak live for the first time	1
i have this thing now where i watch sunday and wed eps of big brother the day after they air then thurs live so much easier tbh .	1
will be on chris evans r show in about mins talking about the secret history of the british garden last episode this sunday !	0
did you miss our bogo deal on national hot dog day ? have no fear we are doing it again ! ! ! on friday july st . . .	1
october and the trees are stripped bare of all they wear what do i care ? october and kingdoms rise and kingdoms fall but you go on and on u 	0
if the redsox keep on winning and end up getting the th pick and losing a protected first by one slot would be classic red sox	0
 recently added entries in the encyclopedia of life the encyclopaedia britannica may have ceased printing earl . . .	0
cit is bludgeoning the feb apr programme into shape . mighty things in store for visual artists theatre makers writers more .	1
seamus amp chris will broadcast live from the curtis house tomorrow as build up to the fai cup final	0
sox fans that are happy that kris bryant left the game with an injury are pretty pathetic ! c mon guys really ? ! ? we are better than that !	2
 dfacts on the st of february u c at pm on table u c one direction lifted their first ever brit award for best british single	1
mark martin hello you ! good weekend so far ? u the hot u is on but can one direction hold onto u saturday . . .	1
i haven t watched naruto since i was like but tomorrow is the day i start watching it again .	1
the twins knew they had no shot against david price when they struck out the st times of the game . hard to hit his changeup when it s on .	0
 don u t cry because it u s over . smile because it happened . dr . seuss good quote for a friday !	1
flight starring denzel washington was a good ass movie go see it tomorrow when it comes out	1
but excited for the scramble at knollwood tomorrow morning . going to tear the west course up	1
i go back to college on september th . so not ready . but excited to teach them about islam if possible .	1
john kasich says if he were king of america he d ban teachers lounges may i suggest he wave goodbye to the white house ?	0
these ratings speak more to naruto than one piece . not bad though better than it usually did at somehow .	1
in the early days of wcw monday nitro why did hulk hogan never carry his heavyweight championship with him ?	0
very excited to see ant man tomorrow but after i ve seen it i will have seen all mcu films this yearaka i have to wait months for another	1
the sun s back page story by apollo gees . trying to find him on twitter but having no luck can anyone help ? was he part of the bee gees ?	0
after minutes of being on hold with in india adrian wants to transfer my call again rd time windows fail	2
the mac may be better than the big east this football season . automaticqualifier ? ? ? ?	1
ugh u c the cotton bowl last sat was almost better than today . almost . hewlett packard txn 	1
watching the trayvon episode i recorded . the martins are incredibly strong i am so sorry for their loss may god bless them rip tm	2
i may just pee my pants . i am within inches of rhonda rousey ! gosh u c she is pretty ! but not as pretty as my wife .	1
this looks like edge of tomorrow the tom cruise movie . . .	0
tiger woods wearing his sunday red . . . . get that win tiger ! ! ! golf is way better when you are playing well . tigerwoods pgachampionship	1
today is october . five years ago on october the first wizards of waverly place episode ever premiered on disney channel .omg .	0
careful how you set out your front page ! unless famous mother of harry potter is a jihadi	0
latest steelers polamalu agree to four year deal the pittsburgh steelers agreed to terms saturday with troy p . . .	0
joe biden will meet with jewish leaders in miami re irandeal on september .	0
there may be a tax credit for you if you are contributing to an ira 	0
but whats m to utd when we paid m for a yr old ? lol real madrid can buy him in jan if they want	0
what an accomplishment by paul dunne hope he comes out firing tomorrow theopen	1
time for russia to win big match capello russia manager fabio capello on thursday said that he intended to re . . .	0
someone may want to check on dana white . . . . he s somewhere sick right now	2
february th u c the day before and best buddy to valentines day u c desperation day	1
everythings good thanks mate arsenal aside u c jobs going really well hope everythings well your end ? should be at cobham on sat !	1
 grassroots racing at its best returns to marana on saturday u c october u c at the gladden farms k an	1
might just watch the rest of jersey shore online n call it a night	0
ricky ponting says he u s in the best shap of his life and is ready to take on . . . herald sun	1
usa canada tour starts today ! ! ! super pumped ! greensboro nc kicks it off tonight ! tomorrow asheville then atl on sunday !	1
thank you for what you did on the field amp in the booth you helped make monday night football rip frank gifford	0
mason s st ball going away from goal and mason has to use his left . kane s nd chance had to pick through bodies . toby s header . . .	0
it u s like groundhog day . nd day here . chirping chicken 	0
back to our normal schedule tomorrow ! get the kids to school and get yourself to yoga ! ! ! vinyasa . . .	1
we are having a politics and pancakes program in the building next tuesday night you are welcome to come !	1
funny you should ask we will be the leicester square theatre on october th at pm performing our edinburgh show a final time !	1
im so sad ed sheeran is going to be in atlanta on saturday and im not going to see him	2
kanye west struggling through this speech is like watching a four year old learn how to read . it s ok baby you can try again tomorrow . 	2
barnes amp noble reported that go set a watchman had its largest st day sale of an adult fiction book ever . . .	1
toni gonzaga is all smiles here in legazpi ! ! snapshot from the video i took u c swerte ni kuya u c may pic w toni g 	1
tia sharp cause of death may never be known well they would have known it had they found the body when they first searched her house .	2
 th film at mtnfest winged seduction birds of paradise . this was the sexiest movie at banff . if you think mating birds are sexy .	1
good luck saturday mate you might be a bitter blue but you re a proud liverpudlian and i ll be supporting you all the way	1
agreed . that u s like the nba all star game taking place in october .	0
sherman or harper who knows the strike zone better ? my column 	1
irving plaza nyc blackout saturday night . got limited spots left on the guest list . tweet me why you think you deserve them	0
here is a column i compare red sox situation to sharknado in the th paragraph . that is all . . . via	0
i don t get the davis love . i mean sure as a rd string guy he s ok but he s no starter or tom brady	0
frank ocean is the best thing out in music and this whole album supposed to come out in july and now it s august th shit is breaking me	1
news pearl jam side project rndm headed for troubadour amp ldquo did you see maroon on amp lsquo saturday night live amp . . .	0
thank you to all the awesome people who supported the cast tonight ! game of thrones is amazing ! might have a suprise game tomorrow .	1
they stop filming u the butler u tomorrow . and i still haven u t found alan rickman ! ! ! ! explanation he u s been filming that movie here in la	2
and here it comes ! the main bout for the evening anderson silva vs . yushin okami ufcrio	0
counting down to the itbeginswithme event at this sunday cest with u s bono ! zerohunger	0
did you know that briana was trending topic on sunday for hours in worldwide ? trndnl	0
we have another skate class this monday at the skate center ! it u s from ! bring yourself and your kids u c fun times will be had !	1
kickback tomorrow for everyone that s not going to projecttx right across the street from nitemoves dm for more info .	0
wednesday will be spent on eid milan . and then the eid hangover for next two days followed by weekend .	1
rip frank gifford . always seemed like a class act especially when thrust into the monday night football circus that was howard cosell .	1
rt republicans reminded obama that he was still a nigger boy to them today huh ?	2
refugees from syria may form the next wave of immigrants to the us so donald trump probably wants to build a wall between the us and syria .	0
white sox take a lead in the nd on a run triple by maiker feliz . azlplayoffs	0
your like jordan u s on a saturday i got to have you and i cannot wait . .	1
the best politicians tell people the truth not what people want to hear . angela merkel is awesome !	1
gucci raft manes self control august sprout up the brace thy minute twentieth century securement towards all f . . .	0
new orleans saints live updates from joe vitt drew brees press conferences vitt brees talk about monday night . . .	0
it s musicmonday ! ! check out a clip of the foo fighters rickrolling the westboro baptist church before friday s . . .	0
get ready for a amp serious earworm amp infection . a new mashup video amp of kanye west amp dancing at the vmas on sunday makes it	0
walker iran deal like leaving sons unattended with girls wisconsin gov . scott walker on wednesday compared t . . .	0
found out today that my sisters also have security concerns about that huge theater on star wars day . may be time to scout a new spot .	0
big ben gets forgotten because his sb wins weren t memorible . st was the bus show . nd feel on deaf ears cause it was vs cards 	2
i just want to watch friday with every human that i can t stand . just so ice cube and chris tucker can bye felicia all you dumb bitches .	2
i haven t been this excited about snl since james franco matt damon and jgl hosted . get chris evans next .	1
sun is shining by bob marley amp the wailers found with listen now 	1
totally going to the marijuana march in dt cleve brb . not	2
tom brady wins afc offensive player of the week for nd time via	1
grandeza mexicana dance academy would like to invite you to our th annual showcase ! please come and support d 	1
just got word from peacecamp that george osborne is going to be at faslane tomorrow show up tomorrow am and give him a piece of your mind	1
come support the show movement at parkdale high school oct th from w aja u c dreamteam u c hqb u c dsb hib .	0
i m buying it tomorrow ! along with the new iron maiden ! ! ! gotyoursix thebookofsouls	1
dean ambrose on commentary is about the only thing i m interested in right now . they should be saving these guys for sunday !	1
in th grade i wrote my boyfriend a love poetry book w original haikus amp gave him it for valentine s day . i deeply regret this decision .	0
shawn for the win she doesn t no older boys .	1
floyd mayweather announces september date for final fight with opponent still a mystery	0
wow . if the ufc follows through with co headliners of mcgregor vs aldo and the next rousey fight both on dec th . . . im buying that fight ! ! !	1
who going to club bodi tomorrow	0
kailey just got me into the ed sheeran concert on thursday and im nelenieshuewjshs	0
bitch a lot of people do sextapes but because it was briana yall are attacking her	2
quevega is just too good thought it may struggle a little with those conditions ! bring on big bucks v quevega haha	1
fans . stay at jurys inn hotel saturday night and enjoy brighton . we are just minutes from the amex stadium by train .	0
see you tonight echelonfamily time to drive back to milan !	0
who wants to go black friday shopping for brentley with me ? ! ? lol	0
customer service advisor kerry kerry hours of work . hour working week between the hours of monday to fr . . .	0
 rtesoccer robbie keane saying he always knew germany was going to finish st in the group ! ! ! winningmentality coybig	1
i will never refer to the th st park as bob marley one love park	0
it s grateful dead night at the stadium tomorrow . i don t think anybody s grateful for that . mike shannon moonman	2
love amazon prime just placed an order and it will be here by lunchtime tomorrow . great for impatient shoppers like me .	1
whoever is going to see eric church s like a wrecking ball live this saturday i hate you	2
just announced milan italy dec at blues jam a lady day tale	0
can u t wait until saturday morning when im at work at am unloading the freight and i have maria on my ass behind me with the mop and broom	2
oh god i love the water temple in twilight princess so much it s my nd favourite in the game . who s your least fave boss ?	1
selling two jason aldean tickets for friday ! text or dm me if you re interested	0
wishing . . you happy eid mubarak for you and your family . . . . . rd day	1
kanye west and dirty martinis . i love you friday	1
david l . bunning has begun the fed s jihad against christians by throwing kim davis into prison . may he burn in hell forever .	2
kris bryant sent cubs fans home happy monday belting a walk off solo home run in the ninth inning versus the indians .	1
no they didn t tony blair may have regretted it labour as a party fought long and hard act	0
kris bryant lines out to lf to end the top of the st stranding runners on st amp nd with no score between the cubs amp brewers	0
anybody wanna go to the foo fighters concert sept in okc ?	0
seriously all of you people are dumb saying that all of the schools in cny are going to be closed tomorrow . . .	2
thursday unbearable slackers will be performing at the le grand fromage in atlantic city . doors open at pm and you must be to enter .	0
susan boyle lives the dream sunday night yahoo ! news yahoo ! tv via	0
interference seems a foregone conclusion to set up a rd match at wm . . .unless sting shows up tonight and screws taker .	0
i met camila back in april . my dna on her hands . i love hanging out with niall	1
steve bruce will overlook his returning internationals if they show signs of fatigue ahead of hull city s clash with arsenal on saturday .	0
tom brady was drafted in the th round right ? thereareonly rounds	0
a lot has happened while i was away sprain spraying my ankle . murray has taken the st set in mins amp is up a break at in the nd .	1
sunday was a rough day in sports . . . tiger woods botched comeback yankees dropped out first place and djokovic got rocked at the atpfinals !	2
ed sheeran tomorrow . . . i mean . . . like it s less than hours now .	0
i once sat next to an actor out of game of thrones on the tube . doesn t mean i m friends with said actor .	0
harry potter and the sorcerer s stone the illustrated edition will be available on october . pre order your . . .	0
 st louis doesn t like blond hair he lvs brown hair ! nd harry has dimples ! rd harry is cute af ! so briana can get lost !	0
lil kim will be remembered as the rd th most successful female rapper . nicki will is the st . numbers don t lie .	1
monday at the us open murray federer amp konta are all in action at flushing meadows today	1
 . in case you haven t already grabbed it . may i offer you a free fantasy ebook ? amazon google	1
im cuming back to natchitoches friday just to vote	0
i was at ts concerts the nd in philly amp both at metlife . was in s in philly . had best spot for the first metlife show 	1
lots of excitement for dana and nabeel who will be married this saturday at the beautiful chesapeake bay beach club	1
curtis you ve looked all the way back to june i think you found em all .	1
welp blue jays saying fuck pitch counts . david price back in for the th .	2
roar by katy perry was on my th birthday which makes it the theme tune of my life ! find out yours 	1
thursday s just aren t the same without naruto	0
i passed through the intersection of ellis and valentine this morning . seriously . i ll get a better photo tomorrow .	0
marko about vettel i also believe that the moment to move was ideal ferrari is dow . . . f 	1
watching the kony video for the rd time . this time in adviory .	1
psg could be the nd best team in the world behind barcelona but they always get barca lol so we would never know	0
staff at a wegmans in binghamton ny say bottled water has been in almost all carts since friday . here s the proof . . .	0
brb while i delete of my camera roll off my phone to make room for sam smith tomorrow .	0
working sunday s in wall with no dunkin is not going to be fun	1
aaand is st to break the seal on christmas marketing this year . should have guessed from the ppl who brought u cyber monday 	0
first it turns out meek mill is an arsenal fan now this . i m finding a new club . this is a barcelona account now .	2
in starts david price has strikeouts . in his nd start hutchinson just got his th strikeout . hutch has some work to do bluejays	0
got money on the line and i love usc but i u m going for org sat cz pac need someone to be in the bcs game and usc got no chance	2
i m going to teengirl fantasy at le botanique in bruxelles brussel belgium oct 	0
i have zac brown band tickets for tomorrow night as well as rascal flatts for next thursday on the beach in ac . . . hit me up if interested ! ! !	1
pack u s brown looks to rebound lorenzo brown and the wolfpack are hoping today u s game against the d . . . raleighnews	1
swapped out broken franken part in my car saw ant man with family took a nap wrote for a bit ate ice cream . saturday victorious .	1
fenway park staff reportedly confiscating don orsillo signs monday night is the first red sox game at fenway . . .	0
mad respect for the iad team . .its comforting to know we still have people like them around . may allah continue to bless this project .	1
i can t wait for tuesday s ps release ! it feels like this was designed just for me . will it support vita remote play ?	1
currently sat listening to mariah carey all i want for christmas is you god help	0
will do u c also i can u t wait to see the simcity team on tuesday	1
i ll be turning tomorrow . all i want is crawfish coffee community . amen	0
anyone wanna buy a zac brown band ticket for the rd ?	0
gino is hosting an u s event at nirvana nottingham on the th of august big names performing on the night . . .	0
i hope justin s concert thursday gets cancelled bc of the thunder storm thats supposed to happen	2
reworking tomorrow s schedule around going to the car wash so the fancies at the chateau marmont won t judge our filthiness bumblebrag ?	2
don t forget tomorrow sunday is the lords day christians attend church on the lords day ! if you don t have a . . .	1
 judge jeanine i agree with you that carly fiorina belongs in the top candidates . in fact she may be the best of the bunch	1
empoli now th on the table ahead of milan th . after lazio at home inter will travel to play empoli away .	0
literally st time i ve ever watched the vmas . miley called nicki out on her crap and i respect that . sorrynotsorry suckitupnicki	0
tomorrow the price will be right for david price will not be on the slate . . .	0
 i luv seein all the thik sexy footballers return the gridiron day ! this and the sporno that is nfl combine in feb !	1
festival girl i definitely want to see at least the end of paul mccartney tonight ! her friend omg yes . paul played on friday . . .	1
nick diaz may be suspended u c but his manager is trying to set up his next fight u c saying a match with josh koscheck . . .	0
 seth rollins meet and greet ticket for sale august nd pm barclays center . . . . i can t go and will let the ticket go for retail . 	0
are you going over auntie nicki s tomorrow ?	0
friday the th afgekeken nu my super psycho sweet kijken met	0
lenny kravitz in the hunger games . . . . mmmm . . .may the odds be ever in our favor .	1
come and visit lexus vehicle display in spinningfields to see the lexus nx rcf gsf and lfa from today until saturday !	1
former host of the daily show john stewart will be guest host of summerslam on sunday has feud with seth rollins	0
harry potter marathon w amp watching the st one then straight to the th one then jurassic world hahaha	1
putting together a preview story for the cmu field hockey team . they re hosting kent state saturday with the mac championship on the line .	0
sunday s version on the bbc was so bad i wish my telly had been wrapped in brown paper .	0
lack of lte may cause google nexus to flop while google is expecting the nexus to be a strong followup to the . . .	2
one of those monday mornings where you just have beyonce s blow remix with pharell in your head yano .	1
this may open the door for persecution of christians .	2
highest accumulations from snowsqualls tonight to tomorrow would be between bayfield and grand bend along hwy amp se to stratford onstorm	0
i liked a video stephanie mcmahon batista and randy orton argue about wrestlemania raw march 	1
just got done playing mass effect multiplayer for pc for alittle bit .now i u m gonna watch friday the th on the amc channel .	0
this is the last time we ll see bobby jindal before he completely falls wayside out of and public eye after thursday .	0
okay may i cry my eyes out at the bridge in i dont even know your name shawn bc that one is so awesome	1
thursday is thor s day if you wanna get picky about it you re gonna need to rename the days of the week too	1
will be opening tfi friday tonight live on . on a tandem bike with chris evans making motorbike noises on trombone .	0
the sun did not win it for david cameron . nicola sturgeon is wot won it !	1
west indies players to fly back on their own expense after the th odi in dharamsala timesnow 	0
tomorrow i must ghost ride tha whip wit lenny kravitz on the replay	0
are you counting down the days till august th ? ? i know i am ! tha carter iv is going to be epic !	0
india has old ties with iran . lot of us speak urdu which has a lot of farsi in it .	0
i may have spent minutes watching the poo traverse my sewers as my simcity flushed its loos . . .	0
ok just remembered a few hours ago that the ed sheeran concert is tomorrow and charles is in town to go with me	0
my dvr of colbert s st show jumped over george clooney and went from trump to jeb bush . it s just as well . it gets better right stephen ?	0
hearing paul mccartney live was absolutely incredible . i m glad i wasn t in the crowd but i sat by the lake instead which was amazing .	1
george osborne and ids should write a joint article in the sun thanking burnham cooper amp kendall for their support on the welfare bill .	1
 info tomorrow exo m will be going to nanjing via .sotea 	0
hermione u c sun drop girl u c and danica patrick . there u s something ya don u t see every day !	1
okay i can see how you may not like lebron or tom brady but not messi . .this guy has nations on his back .	0
good luck to the dunfermlinewolves players that have their fife and tayside trials tomorrow . show them what you can do itsyourtime	1
andy rooney will make his last appearance on minutes this sunday . if anything this proves there is a god .	1
tsipras varoufakis may have bad dress sense but he s no crook photo via	0
that s very kind . . . thank you amp merry christmas ! may the light of g d always shine upon amp protect israel !	1
 carlo ancelotti levante are a strong team . we must be the best real madrid team we can be to win tomorrow . halamadrid 	1
i think it would be pretty wacky if we all came in naked tomorrow	2
 th in super tuesday . was chipleading since the bubble and ak aj kk after a on the flop in monster chiplead pot and a o avg pot .	0
may be i wanted to but thinking to die is not permissible in islam so now i don t as said life is just a test	0
monday s episode hulk hogan boobs amp on the dl with guest is up now ! take a listen ! it s shit ! 	0
anyone want to buy tickets to the foo fighters in milton keynes on sunday one of my workmates has some mates taht cant go	0
sokor trolling nokor by blasting kpop over the border play red velvet s st mini album ice cream cake and there will be world peace	0
do you n fany stamford on sat ? lou is coming u c get eddy involved aswell ! is doing her famous tagine !	0
uhuru just got the blessing of obama african dictators and icc sympathizers after that hague trip . nd term confirmed .	1
what was the need to zayn ? how thirsty are you bitch ?	2
frank ocean expect some music in july everyone why the fuck you lying . . .	2
thinking neighbors probably don u t have work tomorrow . so u c it u s cool if i turn up the judas priest and just rock out all night u c yeah ?	1
per the capitol and capitol visitor center will be closed tomorrow tours suspended 	0
catch supersport united vs bidvest wits at the lucas moripe stadium at h on saturday live on ss ssfootball	0
bellarmine prep drives all the way to the curtis . bendixen yard fg way left and misses . st .	0
wanna watch the iphone announcement . . . live ? with any ios device safari browser . . . watch here starting am pst 	1
obama will be the nd biggest person to stay in lough erne golf resort after bert mccormick fact cantgetitcantbegot	1
my mom s over here tryna tell me that we re taking the cahsee tomorrow . . nigga it s only the second month of school . . slowyourroll	2
did i tell anyone about the wedding i witnessed on venice beach on saturday ? both women were wearing beautiful dresses and were so happy . lt 	1
 s night in the kremlin next friday u c bring your best whigfield costume	0
i think he may have voted against or abstained on gay rights actually so they d paint him as a hypocrit	0
it s august st . pumpkin flavor is back at dunkin . and i have already had it . prematurebutitsok	0
did anyone attend the polish festival in ealing on sunday and see the uwl team there ?	0
just watched the th set breaker murray was pumped going into it . . . to lose it is just incredible . usopen	0
another dramatic day at the usopen . federer amp murray march on but bouchard suffers freak fall	0
on november the album will come out of the greatest hits selena called for you best hits including new songs . omg whatvhdjd	1
christians all over the world need to pray that god will open the eyes of their understanding that they may know . . .	0
the dude with the bentley but still does alternate side parking on nd street	2
the signals for axel witsel to milan are negative at the moment but they may make one last attempt before the window closes . via	0
heat didn u t start the season like that in their st year . la lost to mavs with no dirk ! pathetic !	2
 up in the th with serve and up in sets . murray jumpy like his had a mustard enema . usopen	0
one night like in vegas i make dat nigga famous	1
im not watching them because the red sox vs yankees game is on tonight for who s in first .	0
i m enjoying american horror story as a creepy drama now . i miss the st season when it was actually a horror show .	1
pink diamonds host sabrina th birthday bash club crucial july nd be there to witness a movie in the making or hear about it . . . .	0
 movienight tomorrow at the student union pm the movie will be safe house ! teamuapb	0
us maniacs are not going to give up on hulk hogan we will fight to the very end sept will be a special day for the maniacs	0
review motorola g rd gen with its great camera and funky design the new moto g is a fantastic budget smart . . .	1
fuckin briana updates bitch u may as well start an update account for your shit you so interested in some fake ass baby mama 	2
it s kinda weird bc last year ventura was june this year it was june and next year it s june 	0
all eyes on apple today . don t miss the appleevent . starting at am pdt .	1
got called up to the big leagues for next thursday s nfl contest between the jags and colts . here s to new contacts in the industry ! luvit	1
listen to john cena th wwe theme song the time is now lmfao might as well listen to it its everywhere	1
ok y all . . . tomorrow i m going to have louisa becky shawn jenn and navah over for the game wine and flip cup ! billsvsteelers	1
amazon prime day all you need to know about day with more deals than black friday 	1
have i mentioned i m going to florida on friday ? cc final in the sun my friend . . lol	1
 . ha ha good luck tomorrow if ik says you gay is islamic defend tht too amp worship him more .ok	0
bobby jindal has no chance of winning the nomination .	0
na if they know wa good for them it will be like ant man mar vell would give carol danvers the mantle	1
 beauty makeup tv ratings thursday big brother up beauty and the beast down under the . . . tvbythenumber . . .	0
wonder who taylor swift is going to bring onstage with her when she performs here in houston tomorrow .	0
the fact that there is a rd sharknado is everything that is wrong with this world . . . lamer than my lamejoke collection . . . sharknado 	2
it s the nflgirlukffdraft on monday you all set ? feeling confident ? or does being in milan mean auto draft for you ! ha	0
chuck norris doesn t wear a watch . he decides sat time it is .	1
let s get tix for the cards vs bearcats game the th	0
fed keeps rates low says growth is moderate the federal reserve stuck to its assessment wednesday that the econ . . .	0
msnbc the nfl season kicks off thursday night and tom brady is set to be on the field 	0
are you confused about scott walker s position on the th amendment ? so is he .	0
haley cox and i have decided we are going to skip the jason aldean concert this coming friday . if you want our . . .	0
saudi arabia to buy an planes for its air force that s a nice chunk of change for ukraine they can use it .	0
and nd it wasnt harrys fault that he had ran over your ipad so whyd you ask him to pay for the crack like wtf	2
hahahaha i i wish that it was november already so that i can go to winter jam . they have yet to announce the line ups . d	1
with that sweep of the royals .white sox are now games closer to st place ! whitesox mlb	1
 reasons st place mets should be thrilled david wright is back how can you not be ?	1
republican presidential candidate carly fiorina said thursday that signing a republican loyalty pledge is about your word but	0
i m thinking dustin johnson should get the th spot in the grandslamofgolf	1
there are going to be plenty of ups downs for boro u ccardiff u cleicester etc until may .i hope we are still in with a shout for promo	0
happy friday and don t forget about the abc s of yoga workshop tomorrow from p .m . beginners will learn . . .	1
ioc mulls armstrong bronze sbs the international olympic committee ioc on thursday said it had . . . london 	0
just saw it advertising in the telly that the big bang theory starts on the rd of october ! yas tbbt newseries	1
luke bryan friday night ticket jason aldean ticket and darius rucker ticket for sale ! let me know if you want them !	0
i hope israel calls for a day of cleansing both of those days . cleans israeli lands by any means necessary .	0
about to watch twilight now . . . . i already saw the nd one backwards right ? ! lol	0
what happened to breakout kings ? thought it may of come back after the block . have you guys just cut it completely from programming ?	0
so i guess i m going to hot yoga tomorrow morning this should be interesting	1
are you refunding booking fees due to the vamps manchester sunday th april cancellation ?	0
ben sollee live wfpk how to see the sun rise re mastered in hd 	0
key largo u c fl ! ! ! yay just ur neighbor lisa a sip n a hop away always watching rhom thur u s ! !	1
finally friday ! ! ! ! let s make it through the day see compete for miss teen usa tonight then bridesmaids dress shopping tomorrow !	1
tiffany will be one of the mcs along with cnblue u s yonghwa and beast u s gikwang for sbs kpop super concert on november .	0
man i really wanna see luffy go th gear and fuck i hope naruto isnt another flash back i give fucks about ur pass atm just fight damn	2
great piece on joe biden and all important florida . wish i knew the folks in the condominiums he visits . draftbiden	1
from my recently viewed list i can see my dad watched the entire st season of gilmore girls on netflix yesterday dale	0
i can t believe tomorrow im seeing the loml s again for the rd time but zayn won t be there and i didn t even think about that .	1
in this the th roll out of the hillary campaign spontaneity is the operative word ! !	1
on the bright side u c looking forward to cambridge city away in the fa cup tomorrow night u c should be a laugh ! mkdons	1
watching the announcement for nd time . story of magic johnson hiv . its a fantastic documentary upbeat message about a sad topic	1
yes the caitlyn jenner fancy dress is absolutely disgusting but what s worse is how close to october we actually are already	2
 all with sporting braga yesterday . n zogbia scored . bannan and ireland played really well . warnock looking up for it too .	1
nick foles attended the same high school as drew brees and broke all his records . this monday foles will continue his dominance over drew	0
 nufc u s last league win at anfield was actually my first visit there u c in .an emotional day with the th anv . of h u boro lfc	0
sunday u s at pm cst u c tune in for the sunday blues on underground radio . an hour show with blues musical styles u c . . .	0
sam smith is only th man to sing the theme solo joining tom jones paul mccartney w wings and chris cornell 	0
paul dunne holding his own . exciting day of golf planned for tomorrow theopen 	1
tomorrow come see all in ! at la u s comedy central space . it u s free but you need a reservation call 	0
 people could have seen muslims in nepal since its st mention until it became a trending topic . trndnl	0
 . . . may be that u s why bjp is defending gadkari they are all in the u game u . as shourie famously said u c cong bjp are now one party .	1
james rodriguez is fast closing in on the nd grade of best footballers those immediately after messi and ronaldo . . .	1
this time yrs ago we won our st game of the season v west ham thks to a goal from gary ablett . also st day in my current job .	1
great piece on joe cole u s demise in tomorrow u s independent by cole was the first england player who was younger than me	1
wall street analysts are estimating atlantic city casinos may be down for the year because of sandy	2
david wright goes first to home with half a spine and matt harvey wants to quit after tomorrow . hottaeks	0
lmao nicki can never fuck with kim . kim s black friday diss record lyrically slaughtered nicki . what are u talkin bout ? ? ?	2
mariners despite franklin gutierrez s two run homer in the th wasn t enough as the white sox got a win	0
amy schumer at the gqmenoftheyear party in a dress we pretty much hate gqmoty 	2
queens of the stone age u s regular john from glastonbury during the song for the deaf tour dave grohl sat on the stool	0
come on xbox i just want to play destiny ! i hope its better by tomorrow	1
seeing magic mike xxl with my mains last friday ! fridayfunday unforgettable tgifholiday	1
iowa state has the chance to affect the national championship game for the second year in a row this saturday	0
not gonna like had me in my feels before th period with that ed sheeran .	2
i liked a video one direction waving at fans at the window of their hotel in milan december th	1
loved the today show peeps on rd installment of sharknado ! !	1
 favouritemoviequotes after all u c tomorrow is another day ! bill murray u c groundhog day	0
can t believe i m seeing the foo fighters on sunday . . how did i ever think it was okay to miss it	1
tomorrow is another big day for icc . the appeals chamber will rule on whether the trial judges were right to compel witness against ruto .	0
how the hell is a dunkin gonna close before on a thursday ?	2
full time . happy days . apologies for the tweetathon gotta finish tomorrow s presentation now derby in the morning . pizzasweats dominos	1
registration for the blue diamond almonds shamrock u n half marathon opens november st at am . if we reach u c . . .	0
the tour may be over but the grateful dead live on . gratefuldead tiedye	1
would take pato all day long as a rd striker behind berahino and kane for a bench or cup player .	0
ever seen the huntsville statue of sam houston ? true story on a road trip u c woke up and thought it was nd coming .	0
italy news italy moves to bail out savers milan italy was working friday to set up a solidarity fund to he . . .	0
hm . maybe to make up for such a short stream today i ll stream through all of dark souls on monday . .	1
i will be seeing justin bieber on my th birthday and i literally cannot explain the joy in my heart right now	1
nieces were play taylor swift . . .i submit that bad blood may be the worst lyrical train wreck in music history . just abysmal shit . duh un ?	2
we are from sydney p oh thank you ! ! since you re local you should come see us play at the lair dec st ! ! gonna be a huge show 	1
rt i ll be at the birmingham nscoder night tomorrow that s alabama not the uk 	0
why is nicki always calling someone out on stage . . bitch looks so trashy while miley just sat there and took what she said with class	2
i missed some of tsipras speech . but did he mention the date september ? ekloges	0
y u all know that one boy that makes it seem like he won st place in the kentucky derby whenever he gets a good grade . yeah . we have that now	1
channel just said hitch hiking is encourage in nyc tomorrow ! wtf u c worldisending	0
no really nicki may have been the only black female artist we saw tonight	0
ahead of last weeks budget george osborne indicated that he intends to relax sunday trading laws . . .	0
please be educated about the news you are sharing this isn t current . this image is from january for charlie hebdo	0
 th and the first by gucci amp waka would get god to rip some shots	0
check out the new video for blackstar off david bowie s upcoming album blackstar out january .	0
sneaky pete on amazon prime ! loved the st episode ! sneakypete	1
is paul mccartney really hidden inside a birthday cake in the th episode of the new season of the netflix animated series bojack horseman ?	0
anyone who has talked wrestling with me knows how much i hate brock lesnar . seeing him at raw on monday will be literal hell .	2
go set a watchman comes out tomorrow ! do you plan to read it ? i have to reread tkam first but then i definitely . . .	0
you going to zachary u s tomorrow man	0
landing at no . on the nbarank list kobe bryant . lmao he ll be number by dec	1
today u s answer stone has received academy awards for his work on the films midnight express u c platoon u c and born on the fourth of july .	0
jose mourinho . . .so i think tomorrow the match will not be far from those characteristics halamadrid	0
thanks ! i know you would have the answer . hope all is well ! i m sure sting last monday had you jacked up with energy !	1
going to see the mighty watford play spurs tomorrow	1
 children roasted to death after boko haram attack on cameroonian village boko haram members yesterday july th attacked the borde . . .	2
we u ll be at the american women of surrey christmas fair on sunday in cobham . will sample pumpkin pie . see you there !	1
another center ? gagner is a good cheap nd line option that we can afford and keep the kids .	1
check this out cyborg says she wants to fight rousey in april cyborg says she wants to fight . . . sports online	0
janet jackson will be in the queen city on friday september th at the pnc music pavilion ! are you ready ?	1
i think i may just dislike vanessa more then rachel from big brother . lol ! ! ! ! bb bigbrother	2
dustin johnson is about to get that tony romo in the th quarter treatment .	0
people may hate on jersey shore but honestly i love it .	1
i can t get over black friday ! j coke and kendrick both killed it !	0
dustin johnson leads pga right now . remember it was a grounded iron on the last hole on sunday that cost him last time whistlingstraits	0
sheamus hits a brogue kick on randy orton when both orton amp kevin owens were fighting on the floor during the match on monday night raw	0
reason y shdnt discuss religion is i may make u hate pak but if i made u hate islam then i do a bigger sin	2
win tickets to see janet jackson at the air canada centre on september th !	1
did donald trump propose the biggest tax hike in american history as jeb bush says ? ruling true	0
rocking out the eric church . typical friday night	1
if nicki didn t have her ass she d be shorter when she sat down .	2
follow u c on november u c find her outside the bell center and meet her . please ? 	0
texas and baylor both looked awesome last night . we are heading to the games tomorrow night .i say final is texas baylor	1
may the auspicious occasion of eid bless you with peace and bring joy to your heart and home . best regards hamayoon amanzai	1
i loved racing grand bend . got my st top fuel win there against shirley muldowney in the final	1
cuba . i ll tell you more after i book it tomorrow and before i leave sunday !	1
goon is always a good idea ! it will probably taste better than the bottle of vodka i have for tomorrow . . .	1
what i tell you bout gucci slander on sunday s ?	0
nicki is the only reason my hw gets done tbh .	1
labron s going to be moderating that if i understand john kasich on thursday s cleveland fox debate . . . votersfirst	0
plus i may have hurt the feelings of jurassic world s director !	2
bear with me for the power crisis jayalalithaa chief minister jayalalithaa on wednesday asked the people of tamil . . .	2
do we have thoughts on the oro tiger woods theory can t go days tr birdies friday birdies eagle sat birdies sun birdie	0
mancity strikers aguero and dzeko you better thrash bolton tomorrow night !	1
sc to resume yakub s petition hearing tomorrow the supreme court on monday asked the centre to explain apparent irregularity in dism . . .	0
i can t stop hope the ipad goes flat i gotta work tomorrow . go tiges go tiges go tiges go tiges go tiges . .	0
for some reason amazon app store had the update on the th or for some reason my mcpe updated to . . back on the th ! ! ! ! ! !	0
tomorrow will be one year since i ve seen met shawn for the first time	1
mt you should get to use your extra daylight savings time hour whenever you want to . . . i wanna use mine on friday at pm .	0
hey i have a concert this saturday at bedolla skater boyz in alsip u c il at pm . any chance i could get you to show ?	0
gucci pants persona unfearfulness may appear the distich thy esoteric an in coalition into side living in skcajbndf	0
diego alves might ve won the game for valencia by saving siqueira s penalty . it would ve made a big positive impact for atleti in nd half .	1
my dad is going to see ed sheeran tomorrow in concert i don t try to understand my parents anymore	0
may you please release versions of windows when its stable windows is no where near stable !	2
don t know if to get the moto g rd gen or gs mini . 	0
sounds like you may need a nightguard google bruxism	0
drexel cancels classes . drexel medicine clinic hours are canceled all day monday on tuesday until at least pm due to weather	0
you started with tweeting who cares and this is so stupid bc i bet when zayn will show us his st song video you will care 	2
sonia and rahul gandhi may not apply for bail in nationalherald case . . they want to disturb the harmony of the country . .	2
it ll be interesting to know what content kendrick comes up with for his rd album and what it s conceptual conception will be about	0
david cameron sep taking refugees direct from camps allows a safe route to the uk rather than the hazardous journey .	1
to all the baby boomers complaining about kanye west may i remind you of jim morrison ?	0
the national was mentioned a lot this week there was a reason it worked at pm on a monday . . .to show the ira they couldn t stop racing	0
am sat in the cold listening to david bowie because life is hard sometimes	2
just wrote a great song with mitch daniels ! really looking forward to performing it with him on thursday ! 	1
john kasich may want to change his king for a day statement after reviewing this 	0
hide in country clubs all u want boehner ! reverserobocall .com launching soon i m one of st in line ! join me . launch	1
paul mccartney coming to my hometown for the first time in october ! have to get tickets !	1
this friday we warmly embrace all things kiwi ! ! nz v tonga will be playing on the rooftop with a nz flavoured bbq and steinlager a plenty	1
twsrc tfw abc chicago doesn t look good for kane and the blackhawks	0
o ok they got me off today wed friday but ima talk to zachary to see if i can work split shifts the rest of the week	1
i saw you at church sunday with tohse david ruffin glasses on fly 	1
rick stein reckons tuna is like roast beef to the japanese . anyone for tuna with yorkshire pudding sunday roast ? goodfoodchannel	0
guess what ? my mum said that i might be able to come to crufts with you nxt year march for one day and then go shopping x	1
international crisis group icg iran after the nuclear deal december .	0
tgi friday ! bcos tomorrow springfest starts ! see you pm sat st patrick s point lake wendouree for st event of w e outrigger canoeing !	0
tbh this game is bunk . . .i just wanna watch monday s game with messi	0
emile heskey scores a bicycle kick nd goal for newcastle jets v melbourne victory ! ! ! what the ? how the ? why . . .	1
won tix to the advance screening of carol on thursday . cannot wait ! gorgeous looking lgbt film with the stunningly talent cate blanchett ! d	1
i know dude iona is mins away and they re closed through monday . its not like there isn t just cause to cancel .	2
i know its not october rd but i m going to disney world so if you wanna come on down come on down !	0
trying to find a address on chelsea chinenye oguejiofor she move to boston ma . july from africa on a visa ?	0
welp i got right for aoty kendrick deserves it but it may come down to taylor or the weeknd	1
photos sunday oliseh signs contract as new super eagles coach he signed the contract moments ago . congrats t . . .	0
notions that the gap between the rich and poor in south africa is widening is a farce u c sa president jacob zuma said on thursday .	0
want to try see in falmouth on saturday after plymouth was ruined by guy but worried he might be part of the act ?	0
all about eden hazard for chelsea s th goal great through ball !	1
good morning ! do you come up as north as plant city for the shows ? we will be at the nov th show .	1
frank ocean s album really came out on the th smh why he so sneaky	0
 st pic of ed sheeran the new tv show the bastard executioner kicks off sept th on fx	0
tom brady has been named afc offensive player of the week for the nd time bringing him back up even with peyton manning for most ever .	1
taking a litre of fizzy u c flavoured water to bed tonight u c super sunday is gonna result in a mouth like ghandi u s flip flop ! gacky rank beer	0
john cena may help wish kids amp nikki bella but what has he done for the middle class except sell them bright shirts ?	2
you may hear how a liberal protester was attacked at a scott walker rally in iowa . it was planned and someone sent me the evidence .	2
thor just giving me my th heart attack of the night . it s okay just some candy corn lodged in my valves this time . lgm	0
 . may just be the ultimate face melting summer rock band . can u t wait to see them again at soundwave	1
and hey tomorrows friday we all get on xbox and we all enjoy a little sesh on mw you down ?	1
debating on going to the memphis vs clippers game wednesday or watching the knicks vs heat game on tv decisions	0
zayn dedicated his st solo award to the boys amp the boys to zayn monthswithoutzayn mtvhottest one direction	1
aslan bi he elo yotlob a min break after nd set for the heat shit medre shu . w aslan better la murray . momentum ma kev !	0
kellen cox rd down pass is picked off . st down bearcats at the lion .	0
now that you have looked at my avi u c come to breast cancer awareness event hosted by dreamteam . thursday at in b wells .	0
shit here comes all the hawker tweets . don u t worry wildcat fans they will all be gone on march first round of ncaa tourney 	2
frank gifford nfl star who reigned on monday night dies his temporary retirement came after he receive . . . nfl	0
 nods tomorrow will be a better day for gotham . our friend is the new batman .	1
thursday s are always the best how to get away with murder tvd and scandal ! ! thursdayslife	1
its going down this saturday at rum runners st cloud . . .btw where the party at tonight ?	0
pedro sat bench for barca amp kdb wins poty in germany but yet pedro is the better player .	0
girl at the dunkin drive thru window just started crying as she handed me my drink . . . . happy friday !	1
 . nfl amp cfb thurs . . team brandes went tues with their cfb selections . get thurs plays	0
yes download avaiable aug but after can t play . waiting sep . you read this in ps after finish download . good luck	0
dont know . but sleeping at pm or may be am and then wake up for fajr means that guy must have internal attachment with islam	0
could you send a dm telling my grandson happy th birthday please it would make his day . btw he was at niall bday in cali	1
there are or th graders in the room next to me for the brother s sleepover . they keep listening to katy perry .	0
i honestly don t understand twilight at all this is the rd one i m watching now	2
bryce harper just threw out ryan braun at nd base from the track in right . played ball off wall perfectly then used that arm to get him .	0
nike air force usa th anniversary see the full gallery on posterous as nike continues to celebrate . . .	1
omg can next tuesday come already i want to see justin	1
nice piece if exciting news that may make you happy . . . wizards of waverly place is coming back !	1
st pattys is no big deal for me no fucks are given but cinco de mayo on the other hand . . thats my nd bday .	2
in honor of national margarita day come and enjoy margarita u s u c and the usual wednesday specials drafts and free food buffett ! ! !	1
lemme see if kendrick lamar can become the nd hip hop artist to win album of the year at the grammy awards . . . .	1
go red sox . somehow beat the jays tomorrow .	1
rotherham give clear warning to edl bnp and nf october via got the message yet ? fuck off edl	2
confirmed sam smith is doing the james bond spectre theme song and we ll hear it tuesday morning 	0
john kasich made the cut for thursday night s republican debate but rick perry did not .	0
last day on our disney premier annual passes . gonna get different aps tomorrow . the premier ap is too much hassle when we go to disneyland .	0
day at the socal college fair pomona fairplex st person to get to our booth amp say your story matters wins something special ! doit	1
awesome show today with jimmy bryson . tomorrow though we have trent anderson and rhonda rousey also more reo tickets to giveaway . listenup	1
this game been on my mind the moment i signed with ucla can t wait for saturday !	1
son idc anymore . i m going by shawn tomorrow	0
 portsmouth pudsey pays a visit ! if you went down to cascades on saturday you d be sure of a big surprise .	1
are you ready for national hot dog day tomorrow ? go out and grill some delicious hot dogs !	1
jindal calls for harsh penalties against sanctuary cities louisiana gov . bobby jindal on saturday called for the . . .	0
funny how joe biden is in nd in your poll and he s not even running ! bernie 	0
i would find out tomorrow morning . so you should have a back up plan just in cahsee s	0
i u m going to romeo santos at estadio olimpico in santo domingo u c dominican republic dec 	0
don t make us fool rahul gandhi may be it s great joke from rahul	2
and won u t take much time . i thought your views may be better presented to cycling world in poland if you say sth more directly .	1
my brother just told if tom brady was still suspended for games he would still pick him up st round	0
haha the th ! just tell me when amp i ll make a trip to summersville for the day !	1
i m going to see paul mccartney perform on october th . i can t believe it !	1
paul mccartney is coming to columbus on october th . ticketcrush has your tickets ! click the link to buy your . . .	0
 taken from where the pm is clearly trying to avoid a future parallel with tony blair in history s view of him 	2
i will be tapping stone brewing enjoy by ipa tomorrow at we ve got till to drink it .	0
hm u c saturday with joey u c lauren u c dj u c and laura sounds about right happybirthdaydj	1
if trump is pres amp deports me italy as of my relatives may hv been a illegal back in the early s will i retain my usa voting rights	0
my mom and i sat in the bathroom all night jamming nirvana and painting our nails amp just talking . probably the best night i ve had in awhile	1
do you remember paul mccartney ? that young up amp comer that kanye west discovered ? he s playing the acc on oct th ! tix on sale next friday	1
best band in the world fleetwood mac live in concert on sky arts . saturday night sorted .	1
need a break from studying ? come to kickball tournament tomorrow at pm ! behind the jc be there ! 	1
frank gifford s work on monday night football w howard cosell don meredith al michaels amp dan dierdorf really helped make me an nfl fan .	1
the gop s greatest crime ? boehner proposes obama speech be on the same night as nfl opening night . . .	2
if you love me we can marry on the west coast on a wednesday en el verano en agosto mtvstars lady gaga	1
kris jenner may have only recently filed for divorce from bruce jenner but the head of the . . .	0
support local business ! this sunday is national ice cream day why not escape the heat and celebrate with our . . .	1
btw u c whoever decided to use rohypnol as a date rape drug u c may you get creepy diseases and may you wish to die every second of your life ! 	2
i went to zootv gigs at the mcg gig i was th row i was so close to u i was my voice was gone yelling at u 	1
another day another chance to say free gucci . . . .he free now ? nah ? aiigh . see you same time same place tomorrow to try again bro . 	0
anyone else thinking chris evans is just doing this series of tfi friday before giving it to nick grimshaw ? ! scarythought	1
i just watched the kcon snap story amp not rn bc im going to bed but can u plz teach me all about kpop tomorrow . or after gish . heart	0
lol david letterman re hanging crane in nyc so what they u re gonna do tomorrow is get near it to make it stick upright amazing	1
morning all happy wednesday . what tunes shall we get on in the office ? i m feeling some fleetwood mac maybe some bowie or even bananarama	1
chelsea are one of the ucl finalist in milan in may and i know everyone knows how we play a final winning game . . .	0
the new york stock exchange and nasdaq will both be open tomorrow . also u c reports of feet of water in the nyse are false .	0
frank ocean must be going through se hard times 	0
yea im done with briana she getting blocked for the rd time now	2
watching valentine u s day for the rd time in a row . . .haha	0
travone who do you think will win this sunday undertaker or brock lesnar	0
you can now listen new song cover of love yourself by justin bieber heres the link gt 	0
acta gets the ax . wrote about him and other managers on the hot seat on tuesday	2
going through a jay z album per day starting tomorrow . skipping over best of both worlds though . hated that one .	0
holy shit was it social justice sunday on tumblr or something because wow stayingthefuckawayfromtumblrsj	1
not bashing on calibraska because i liked it but true because so many girls are not here for the music .	1
sharmeen obaid chinoy we are proud of you saving face won at the th oscars in los angeles read more 	1
michelle s supposed to be picking me up for moes monday and i call to see where she is and she said she stopped at dunkin for a donut	0
sequels are rarely as good as the st . ted was a great and better than the original . well done	1
video of niall in the us open new york sept jessenia	0
when was it released ? omg . october is out ? ? ? ? produced by kunle afolayan ? ?	0
probably going to stream tomorrow when the servers come up . i ll be playing kpop and stuff so if you re interested in stopping by . . . !	1
da st chinese song ever that interests me . . this is ost for drama in time with you u cn the drama was good ! 	1
you can t have country music without chevy . sing along with zac brown band this saturday at hersheypark stadium .	0
utterly fascinating . never before seen photos of coup in iran by an employee of us embassy at the time .	1
jurassic park on tv saturday morning . . . it s going to be a good day ! favoritemovie jurassicpark	1
i m still thinking about sunday amp last night . the undertaker amp brock lesnar are going to tare the house at summerslam wwe	1
quevega looks plenty short enough at for the world series hurdle at punchestown on thursday . would much prefer voler la vedette .	1
happy to see the patriots stick to the wednesday tradition of not just tom brady talking but food for the media pizzaday	1
janet jackson remembers aaliyah on the th anniversary of her death .	1
roll on the th ctober wwe sting is here in colchester ! !	1
sir john dined from justin bieber was closed burst into the same time there is too awful whisper i may accelerate that	2
i watched the big bang theory on thursday when i was at home but i cannot get footprints on the moon s thor amp dr jones out my head !	1
just reminding you all that it s august th and there s still no album from frank ocean	0
current person level of the friday struggle rocking out to ed sheeran fridaze	1
watching the ers game from sunday night and i see why cliff avril was throwing fits . he was getting his butt kicked all night	2
well fully upgraded to windows i ll check it out tomorrow	1
woop ! can t wait to see magic mike xxl this friday with the girls	1
dustin johnson has a lead in a major on thursday because of course he does 	1
somebody tell me what is there to do on friday night in n .o . ? i u m trynna bring my b day in the right way	0
yearbook pictures for jr .larc u s will be next tuesday u c the th at lunch at the library parking lot side	0
 if you ain t doing nothing saturday slide through aja they got me hosting it .	1
 bestmixtapesever i wasn t a fan until i heard the st dedication gangsta grillz . changed my whole opinion .	1
bury girls day out to the brook ! ! every thursday ! standard !	0
ex para charged over bloody sunday . now let s see justice for the british service men killed by ira	2
yaaasss hire him full time so he and seth rollins can beef forever	1
after taking big hit in the polls scott walker was last seen studying the th amendment . hope he gets it right this time . tcot	0
look for me with my free jordan jefferson sign on college gameday this saturday . fuck bama	0
the zoo miniseries may be the worst collection of images amp sounds man has ever produced . we re talking sharknado w o the self awareness .	2
i may relent and get one myself u c but i hope it doesn u t come to that . hopefully all the decent apps will get ported to android	0
we owe it a duty to crush boko haram not grant them mercy . at least if not for ourselves but for future terrorists who may rear their heads	2
raccoon city and this one are pretty much the same but it s a big step up from the th . so fun !	1
rt rt monday night football vs the jets st game of the year lets see what we are made of . road to indy f . . .	0
breaking news new haven new haven labor day means fun in the sun	1
jeb bush campaign against trump has changed jeb bush on wednesday said he s changed his campaign tactics som . . .	0
doesn t know what he s talking about mate . wilshere being saved for wednesday same with vermalen ! !	2
sept video chat running devops in hybrid cloud with and ibm experts .	0
 dec v newcastle was my st ever game you walshy scored you and gazza was laurel hardy on programme coys	0
ironically we get to see both of the teams that ll be in the super bowl on the st day of preseason football . the eagles pats .	0
 strong azerbaijani economic delegation to visit iran azerbaijan was the th leading importer of iranian . . .	0
nope not quite yet . . . do u read chinese ? ? ? if so check on weibo or tudou they may have it w chinese subs already . .	0
beyonce never made it to no th grade	2
murray wins rd set tie break to get back into the game anderson leads set to gb sa usopen	0
plies is just kirk franklin on a saturday night	0
prosecutors began reviewing evidence on tuesday in the fatal crash involving caitlyn jenner 	2
the hot n crusty on th and st is now a t mobile this is why i don t come to the east village anymore .	0
that may be true but when gucci shines she turns heads	0
i may have just mentally assembled the most insane conspiracy web about the dr . luke kesha sitch .	0
i know it s from charlie hebdo i know that they won t march now it s a sentiment that s all .	0
sunny sunday fleetwood mac community shield . . .mate you ve got it all wrong lol .	0
peter whittingham now officially overtaken the mighty roger johnson as my favorite ccfc player ever ! more of the same tuesday please	1
tay tay is in a roll i know im realizing this kinda late but c mon she is on a roll baby ! ! style blank space bad blood	0
psst . . . here s the latest . . . the fashion show starts tomorrow at pm featuring splash dance lullaby amp yodephy ! buzz	0
juventus had two men sent off as their dismal start to defending their serie a title continued with defeat at roma on sunday .	2
 longharryimagine imagine it u s a friday night and you find yourself watching the notebook u c again . you just cont 	0
goodnight i ll tweet more pictures tomorrow from metlife oh by the way i love this boy so much	1
david price looks to become the th pitcher in bluejays history to go in a calendar month .	0
thanks to everyone who played jouvert with us red antz miami . see you all on the road tomorrow with euphoria mas .	1
not even sept st and we ve already relapsed into dunkin donuts pumpkin everything commercials on the radio ! its fall babaayyy	1
the ambition of nadal u c the knees of ena sharples and the liver of george best . my recipe for saturday tennis . 	0
i so agree ! you did awesome curtis i may hate metatron but i don t hate you . you rock !	1
at the circus the elephants have been banned by activists but the kept the lions because they may want to punish christians .	2
today u s answer stone has received academy awards for his work on the films midnight express u c platoon u c and born on the fourth of july .	0
dustin johnson lines up a putt on the th green pgachampionship	0
was idolizing hulk hogan really a thing ? i may be too young to remember that if it was .	0
 lt hi andrea thanks for the note i did see the news re google we ll discuss that more in your meeting on friday d	1
intrigued by the mentions of alternate realities in this review of david bowie s lazarus 	0
batman and google earth predict it s going to be a bad month	1
our performance was unreal today man beating juventus on the nd game of the season is a massive motivational boost for the team .	1
watching trainwreck for the nd time with my girls . hilarious ! ! ! love amy schumer ! trainwreck johncena amyschumer	1
playing all apologies by nirvana from the album in utero th anniversary remastered itunes 	0
i was just sat watching the big bang theory when an advert comes on about you d i actually screamed and scared my family . .love ya !	1
 occupy is back . day occupation of parliament sq starts tomorrow with candle lit talks . see events on london	0
when donald trump called undocumented immigrants criminals and rapists he may have actually meant christopher columbus . the original .	2
boehner rejects th invites obama on th nfl opening night . so obama just has to speak wh on th to save football coverage ? doitnow	0
im on that zan with that lean and nun but irene today at band camp jus to laugh at these poo ass freshman snare drummers	2
if i had the nerve u c i u d buy all joe pa cutouts middletown campus n go to nd n maclay to sneak them in gov mansion gates . . .	0
and that nicki and miley beef looked toooo staged nicki smiled miley response was too instant like she been practisin it . . c mon mtv	2
i need to log off now bc school starts tomorrow and i m still not done with my summer hw . have a shawn pic not mine 	0
wow . elizabeth pena and jan hooks in the same week . so sad . and both so young . . .makes you think .	2
betting on the honey badger will tyrann mathieu make it to the nfl ? this aug . u c file photo shows lsu cor . . .	1
i u ll be in cypress tonight and tomorrow night ! i better see you !	1
saturday night we welcome grateful dead tribute band deadeye onstage with two sets starting at ! as always at . . .	1
the seconds of fame ansel gets in paper towns may have been the best part . . . .	1
yo i u m excited for royal rumble might book that monday off work so i can watch it	1
picture says it all . britain i stuffed literally with muslims . british pll will become nd class citizens .	2
adventures of thor bath time . nd children s book coming soon to amazon . it s about a cute beagle and bath time .	1
my wildestdreams came true when i saw you amp make magic at metlife on july th !	1
have you been inspired by ironman wales ? why not give triathlon a go by taking part in the fishguard go tri on sunday .	1
unseen picture of zayn with his family on august th ! !	0
christian ponder may be a third string quarterback but he will always be a winner for wifing up samantha .	1
someone comes to me and is like irene what time did u got home yesterday ? what time did you left here plantation	0
world war has been going on in my house since monday . how long do these things usually last ?	2
vote u castle u u c stana katic nathan fillion in the people u s choice awards tomorrow marks the final day of . . .	0
have questions about ibm bluemix and iot ? attend our sept nd crowd chat ! more info 	0
i would vote for david miliband if there was an election tomorrow and he was the labour leader move over ed !	0
i miss you and bentley ! are yal coming up saturday ? !	0
dongwoo had a stash of bubblewrap in his bedroom stopped gyu from throwing it out coz he u wasn u t done popping it yet u ? lmao ! new nd bias !	0
 th page in hindu tn edition . gadkari was on first page though . media will one day sell india for bread crumbs thown by dynasty	2
happy casimir pulaski day ! and i do realize the day is almost over but it still is monday u c march th u c so i say it s fine . 	1
one last time happy nd birthday liam and goodnight shawn all the love	1
nick diaz is da best ! smoke weed every day and drop out of school in th grade ! fuck yeah !	1
my phone interview with disney world for the web design internship is tomorrow !	0
amazon prime day beats black friday says retailer amazon prime day may have been an excuse for the retail . . .	2
okay maybe no halo legendary solo tomorrow . might just continue dark souls . i want to get all the skulls and intel before i do that .	0
offering refuge to muslims in nothing wrong but don t allow mosques friday prayers r the problem they get instigated .	0
yakub meets destiny chosen by himself . for the killers waiting may be longer the destination will be the same ! ! ! !	2
may be coz we ve been molded that all bad are from the israel amp western world . we have forgotten there are sides of a coin .	2
yes . and may is even cooler than before . and skye is better . and simmons is cool . but fitz is and the new folks are ?	1
it was fought in the ad between the allied forces of the warlords liu bei and sun quan and the superior forces of the warlord cao cao .	0
up watching kevin hart videos knowin i gotta drive in the morning .	0
 unforced errors for andy murray against foranderson yet murray chucks away the st set with a careless double fault in the tie break .	0
krul crocked u c just putting it out there craig gordon britains nd most expensive keeper is without a club ? nufc safc ftm	2
paul mccartney will once again get out there this october with two more shows 	0
you can also catch me in room at amplified sessions v club u c bournemouth next friday u c supporting roger sanchez in the main room !	1
can t wait for arda to play with barca january na pls !	1
do you expect tomorrow u s last lap to be action packed like today u s nns ? a g w c would be interesting . thrillingclimax	1
and im seeing ed live this saturday at b ham nia ! it would be amazing to get the book signed . thanks for putting it together	1
can t wait ! i m so happy i can sub on amazon to see it !	1
and he hasn u t lost a match since apr nd last year u c that u s consistent u c and never forgetting cannavaro u c the st defender to win it	1
man u c i u m sorry for the death of mr .mitch lucker . may he rest in peace .	2
yo ! dean ambrose is in rounds . . . . . . . i still haven t seen rounds . . . . . i love the st movie with john cena smackdown	0
 redsox pablo sandoval was scratched from the red sox lineup friday due to mid back tightness .	0
galaxy tune up for whitecaps u c sounders fall to rd mike magee scored on a pass from robbie keane in the rd mi . . .	0
it was soo good meeting you again on tuesday ! worth the track from liverpool to wakefield d !	1
if i were the lions id call the falcons and offer a th for jason snelling . would be perfect fit to fill leshore void .	1
hello metalheads ! is monday treating you badly ? let the music take over ! iron maiden misty ironmaiden metalmusic	1
iowa press interview with bernie sanders audio sep iowapublictelevision iacaucus feelthebern bernie 	1
murray out in straight sets andy murray suffered a surprise early exit from the bnp paribas open in indian well . . .	0
it s smash project s nd monthsary today ! i think that s reason enough to vote and request to make endlessly number one today ! 	1
when i was a kid u c pope john paul ii was crowned or whatever they call it . i remember wondering whatever happened to pope john paul the st . .	0
nfl will no . overall pick jadeveon clowney play for the houston texans on monday night football ?	0
anyone wanting roger sanchez tickets for v club on the th of october get in touch i have coach and entry . . .	0
went to an event hosted by where i sang lay me down by sam smith and the wrong minus one was played	0
welp u c i made it to mlg dallas . . . even the speed limits are bigger in texas o .o tomorrow u c sat u c sun . . . interviews ! ! ! keep an eye out 	1
the last thing sonia amp rahul gandhi want today is words of support from robert vadra . it may only jeopardise their case soniarahulhazirho	2
for sure . tough lovers are playig dickens on the th if you u d like to join me .	0
why the hell did audrey from big brother show up on my facebooks people you may know	2
saw ted the other night big man right up your street . give ted a watch too if you havent nd will then make more sense !	1
worked sat sun amp mon labor day weekend and got admission cause no one gets sick on a holiday . but now the holiday is over amp every is sick	0
that janet jackson . sometimes she just gets me . happy friday friends !	1
rank among st page of google in weeks with your website ! seo full read by ebay	1
grab the latest issue of the record out on campus now and stay dry this morning ! happy friday !	1
 st thoughts re elton s oscar party will adam be back in la tour is over by then lol and will he get invited again 	0
yah i know it s on . but it keeps saying monday night football and says mnf on the scoreboard . i m just confused bc it s thursday	2
last friday night x katy perry just came on . it s lit .	0
 dt make sure you find your self at the s .e .c this thursday for thursdays ! ! ! w college id w reg . id til pm ! ! ! iparty	1
selling justin bieber standing tickets for the th of october in manchester !	1
wow toowoomba tomorrow with stan walker ! ! so good	1
the best thing about this weekend going to the edinburgh derby on sunday . hmfc prideofedinburgh	1
 trending tim tebow is now dating cave woman from u c bc . st date question what was it like in a time before jesus ? tebowmania	0
clocking that marshal in the head with his opening tee shot clearly rattled harris english . took him holes to drop from th to t .	0
soooo my friend mari is selling two sam smith concert tickets for to his concert in the maverick center in salt lake on october nd .	0
the captain is back david wright is set to return to the mets monday versus the philadelphia phillies	1
how do you like your mhdog ? let us know on national hot dog day this thursday by using mhdog buffalodog	0
congratulations to jessie for winning the july august challenge ! a . gift card to amazon ! great job jessie ! ! !	1
what i like about ryan braun making all star game is hearing all the hatred for him . assures me he may be a brewer for life . i like that !	1
may the hammer of thor fall on the head of any player that tweets some shit like . . . . .we failed the fans but we have to move on 	2
same stage as jay z but y all don t wanna give props . cool . need i speak on s achievements ? the st emcee to represent gh the	0
nysports rothstein files five observations from uconn monday was the first time i took in a practice at gampel . . .	0
brunch with rousey and a light job with bolt on friday imo .	0
rt more day of work tomorrow then it s bolton first away of the season mcmcfmcfcok	0
going to get drunk and watch the badness that is sharknado . this is going to be a good sunday night .	1
 youknowyourefromsandiego when you call the san diego county fair the del mar fair . or just straight up del mar 	0
my heart is bleeding for paris and la france brings back the feelings of jan when i arrived at gare du nord and heard of charlie hebdo .	2
friday ams i bring mom to ihop in shrewsbury then across the street to trader joes . such is my life . nopersonallife	0
ugh wednesday is taking forever to get here ! ! all i want to do is watch big brother bb 	2
 reddit if you re going to ac dc tomorrow at gillette don t forget your free brady shirt !	1
dustin johnson being in the lead after day is like a seed being up after the st min of a game in the ncaa tournament . . .	1
 justindoafollowspree c u mon u c u want to kidrauhl follow u u r amazing account ? so let u s trend ! 	1
 yrs ago u c blessed pope john paul ii visited the archdiocese of detroit the st papal visit to mi in history .	1
well u c the sun is finally coming up u c so it u s time to slap some bacon on a biscuit and get to work . burningdaylight laters u c patriots !	1
imma dog jus like gucci said marry to the money imma newly wed	0
 things to know for friday the u .s . postal service u c on the brink of default on a second multibillion dollar p . . .	0
excited for the raiders game tonight	1
my saturday night has consisted of me watching the grey with my puppy while my parents throw a rager whaa liamneesonisbosstho	2
the only thing i may truly miss about lexington is shoto u s ! ! !	2
sadly for them the person who came rd in last night s gbbo final has dropped into the europa league .	2
katy perry last friday night just came on the music video channel . is this a sign or something	0
tomorrow i ll be reunited with my ps how sad am i ?	0
when you have to do ur apush questions a day early because ur going to see ed sheeran tomorrow gt gt amp amp 	1
 shaker over brush in the rd	0
k rod is just trying to set up ryan braun for a walk off grand slam in the th . he s all about making his teammates look good . selfless	1
also make mutton compulsory meal for everybody during christmas and eid ?	0
just saw rhonda rousey will be at ufc event in seattle december . you should have the rematch here u c near home !	0
good morning from the eternal city where the sun is shining and world is well . proud of my shirt the union flag and yorkshire .	1
had cpl seasns but c mon now doesnt take a genius to google how bad you guys were .osu never been that bad	2
changed my field hockey number from to bc zayn left but if the unthinkable happens this march i guess i m gonna be number 	2
i m sitting down on my th hour of game of thrones eatin girl scout cookies does it look or even sound like i care what your thoughts are ?	1
when shawn and the jacks are going to be in nyc and you are going on thursday night	0
curtis painter did the curtis painter last night . . . a fumble and one walk in td overthrown by yards .	2
christmas tomorrow d ! ! who s going trick or treating for christmas presents candy cane ? ! ? ! ? ! ? !	1
like calling rahul gandhi yuvraj may not be to liking but i think it makes a point about elitism ok by me .	1
i feel like hammond would be the only school in the county that would make us come to school tomorrow .	0
this kid from work is going to belgium for tomorrow land	0
you may not have seen but the left loves their liars cheats amp traitors . hillary is their perfect candidate !	2
it s national hot dog day ! celebrate with photos of celebs eating hot dogs ! happy july aka national hot dog day ! no doubt you ve . . .	1
tiger woods th hole blade a chip chunk the following chip hit the next chip thin two putt for triple bogey . every amateur rejoices .	0
yeah but then again kane has respect for abby and still butts heads with her so it may happen	0
irg may be laughing all the way to the bank but usaid has done next to zilch for pakistani power consumers .	1
royal blood is here recording a bad ass new song before their show with foo fighters at dte tomorrow !	1
ahead to milan verona game nr . at the san siro milan the game between milan and verona on sunday at the . . .	0
can t wait for the release date of the book of souls on september . iron maiden is one of my favorite bands . i hope it will be good	1
going to see foo fighters in concert tonight kenney chesney tomorrow night the mtv vmas with miley cyrus hosting in hollywood on sunday ! !	0
wyd mate ? st you knock up that ugg briana amp now you unfollow eleanor on ig . wyd ?wyd ?wyd ?	2
 steven pourier u c jr . olc made the shot free throw . dasu leads in the st half . naiambb	0
was it liam payne or david beckham on the video we may never know dragmedownmusicvideoisout	1
tomorrow night we are starting some new programs ! yoga session starts at pm at the courcelle building and . . .	1
me and booked in to see a good day to die hard on february valentine u s day .	0
last two service games started well only to be whittled away at . still murray wins second game on the trot to make it in nd set .	0
i may not make it to anatomy in the morning due to a wd overdose	2
he may be the one ! mediacom salesman as he sings sam smith s solo i m not the only one ! singloudxproud link 	1
starting off our thursday we have for our pleasure . . . . bee gees with i can t see nobody	1
james rodriguez is going to be at red bull arena on friday like please come to the game on saturday and find me	1
time change for soccer with milan on saturday . girls to begin at am boys at .	0
immensely enjoyable tv song show indian idol jr comes to a close today .well done sony may the best kid win .all the finalists were tops .	1
 unwired view samsung sch s with windows phone gets wi fi bluetooth certified may be headed to china telecom	1
hype park may have finished me off this weekend but i loved it ! the boss yest topped paul simon today for me though . .i have the best boy !	1
what s going on tonight in detroit . . .	0
wondering how much i love my lakers . for two lower level tickets when they play the mavs on nov th ! ! thinking really hard about it . .	1
wish bobby jindal was there when asked about god because he may have performed a live exorcism on trumps hair . gopdebate	2
i have never subtweeted about tory . does this mean she was the nd gossiper ?	0
brock lesnar vs undertaker sunday night . i m about as hyped as one can be for a scripted almost sporting event	0
taylor swift or me ? ? ? i m the st one 	1
golf tomorrow morning test out the back looks like it will be sunny but cold	0
chris pratt would go to truewolverine tonight and watch jurassic world tomorrow night ! wwcpd ?	1
amanda knox case the obsession with what happened that night in italy amandaknox	0
 the announcement may be the most emotional documentary i have ever seen . magic johnson is a hero and an icon .	0
tomorrow is national hot dog day ! they re giving you off the entire hot dog menu ! plus new waffle dog on a stick !	1
i found out david bowie is coming out with a new album this january . let s see if i m gonna be the only young person who cares again .	1
kaylee bet i wouldn t get my tweet on sharknado and she may be right	0
tyldesley says we haven t yet heard the name of the striker to beat rooneys record mins after kane scores his rd in matches engvswi	0
if you re going to be sad you may as well be sad in milan .	0
horrible dream lady night . . . .i u m tiered but today is my friday and its the start of the rodeo tonight hearthorses	2
somebody tweeted frank ocean new album with a link my dumb ass clicked on the link amp it was a link to lil bow wow st album . so fuck you !	2
same could be said about marie colvin . i may not liked him u c nor his employer but he never harmed anyone and he has family .	0
george harrison wrote here comes the sun in eric claptons garden like if this makes anyone else happy we need to be bestfriends	0
free meditation amp yoga just show up we start at . pm every tuesday brighton 	0
stoke will make a january move for blackburn u s martin olsson and newcastle are fighting napoli and roma for rive . . .	0
after a leadoff double by ryan braun grounds to st to drive him in . brewers lead in the st . milvspit	0
should i go to the mlk game tomorrow ?	0
looking at today s play at the openchampionship you can t define dustin johnson s round as anything other than a choke . tied for nd worst	2
just like clemson beat gt in the acccg touche again rt umm rutgers may very well have won that game .	0
tsipras confident athens will be able to finalize rd bailout deal with creditors	0
so they are saying that caitlyn jenner may be charged with manslaughter . can t she say that bruce was driving not her ? caitlynjenner	2
bottom of the th u c count u c and security hassles the john guy behind the plate .	2
carlo ancelotti s january targets to make his side even more stronger unstoppable ! see .	1
what about holland ? ! u countdown to ufc silva vs . bonnar u debuts tuesday on fuel tv	0
so . . .cafe asia might be the move for saturday . . .	0
that guy from sunday night was actually the double of sam smith	0
for sale one general admission ticket to ac dc at downsview park on september th . you will have the pleasure of . . .	1
oh yea by the way wetnwyde will be at club crucial pm saturday night e arkansas ln arlington texas	0
thinking about going tonight church tonight . everybody is invited . ladies free all night with a bible lol	1
eid special for me . . . . days from eid day rain day amp without my wife and child . nd day just sleep . . .	1
 coz we r the true patriots and head on palm for islam may be fools we r or we can t change our nature .	0
it was my first day on the job and i may or may not have served david beckham coffee .	0
don u t you worry will still win saturday and bolton will lose cpfc	2
are one direction still going to the sun studios in scotland on tuesday x can u pleese answer mee x	0
yoga club s first session is tomorrow from in the media center . don t forget to bring your mat !	0
playing as the browns hc k . fri in madden u c xfacalac lost to the ravens on all madden connectedcareers	0
f bro from is cooking in the fiddlenpig shindig bbq peoples choice comp w holy smoke team sat in ft mill google it	0
nadal confirmed for mexican open in february rafael nadal is set to play at the mexican open in february u c . . . tennis	0
aye see . going to runrig on saturday up in inverness then going to knockhill on sunday ! ! x	1
it s july th and i still don t care about frank ocean	2
carol tomorrow and am so pumped about cate blanchett and sarah freaking paulson aka one of the best actors of our time .	1
i hope anderson starts tomorrow u s game he did very against chelsea	1
aloysius etok the senator for pdp akwa ibom north west in the th senate condoled with the super eagles capt . . .	0
seriously kanye west is the biggest joke ever . the burrito i am gonna get at moe s tomorrow would be a better president .	2
labor day has come and gone . . .which means fall is here ! sunday school starts this sunday ! ues and wv locations	1
nuit blanche is this weekend ! plan your night with the personal itinerary planner snbto	0
one of the infinite reasons why valentine s day is the worst holiday in human existence	2
out of curiosity u c is your hard drive official xbox hardware or is it rd party ? ji	0
national ice cream day is sunday ! celebrate with organic ice cream from three twins ! only . pint ! sanfrancisco	1
lil wayne gets intimate with nicki minaj u s lips ! caught red handed at the nba all star game exclusive photos video 	0
just used trump s mexico bashing speech to promote the oct gave between mexvusa that is low really low .	2
i ve never been but am going to farmington hills on thursday ! deals galore i hope and gail s checkbook .	1
apple s event is streaming in stereo . may seem minor but as a audiophile i just love and appreciate this .	1
 independent ludacris wraps up his th anniversary of ludaday weekend step aside labor day the . . . news world	1
the only feminist manifesto if i may call it that am exposed to is the one in beyonce s flawless	1
top science and technology award of the islamic world to be awarded in iran on friday	1
cheers . being told the moto g nd gen is a good bet too . similar specs . will be down to os i think . many thanks 	1
hulk hogan . more like bulk fooligan . some folks never know when it s time to leave the room . he s had his day in the sun . time to go away !	2
new moto x moto g nd gen moto smartwatch all about motorola devices . . . ibnlive	0
casually eating dinner i hear d on tv playing so i run c then after de song it says uan is gonna playing on the th !omfg so watching it	1
refuse to admit that it u s rd year . bring on my groundhog day	2
the u .s . postal service reported a . billion quarterly loss u c says it is nearly out of cash . sat mail will be gone very soon . . .	2
google s android wear for ios confirmed incompatible with apple s healthkit in announcing android wear for ios on monday google not . . .	0
you don t even have to be in med school to know nhs wages they re not a big secret you can straight up google that shit like c mon	0
did it look like john belushi ? you u re probably too young for that joke . 	0
buenos jueves good thursday with david bowie thursday child	1
 theceopundit floyd mayweather puts up to help find the person who killed his jeweler on sunday night . . .	0
this goes right up there with rolling stone putting a terrorist on the cover . pathetic .	2
buys and will make it easier for kane to get goals not top contenders for me but th	0
 u clockwinder who wouldn u t say no u . launch at the commons on tuesday . the biog of the late david taylor is the untold story of a virtuous mp .	0
david cameron is an evil bastard may karma catch up with him .	2
i just sat in the same spot for an hour amp a half straight watching beyonce s performance from last night and i honestly have no shame	1
for sale one seth rollins bronze statue . caution may or may not just be in a box . merch	0
tumblr keeps eating my messages . something came up tho sobs . i u ll tell everything tomorrow tonight . i love you lots 	2
ok sir rt nigeria will still top the group .if we lose we ll be nd face brazil . cont 	1
the march of isis seems to have begun in india with yakub s funeral . they want to wave off murder of on mere repentance ?	2
mariah carey discography is untouchable . no one is closer . y all know it but try to defend their faves . janet is the nd	1
oh shit ! youve been caught in an ego trap is he chuck norris ? ? ?	0
david wright who has struggled with men on base the last few days comes up in a big spot here in the th . . mets	0
i wish you mum and my family journey mercies as you travel to kakamega to lay hillary s body to rest tomorrow . . .	0
irene jimmy who married in bhutan had a nd wedding in taipei . couldnt make it but our associates mc jean michel did 	0
may be sick but i m still tuning into the apple event thing at because i want to support my babu .	1
what are you re top movies ? jurassic park the lost world jurassic park jurassic park jurassic world jurassic park th movie 	1
tuesday is typically me day . . .i go to dunkin i see a movie i get taco bell . . . but too many people need me today 	0
i feel sorry for paul dunne ! if he keeps playing the way hes playing he ll be british by tomorrow evening ! ! rockonrockall	2
john kasich was the st one to bring up reagan points down for him future gopdebate	0
enjoy a sundae on this sunday it s national ice cream day ! make your own all natural w fresh fruits ! icecreamday	1
winter classic is cancelled . bettman better watch his back . there u s gonna be a lot of nhl fans who want him dead . i may or may not be one . . .	2
il divo september il divo have just confirmed two more dates october in buenos aires and october . . .	0
road accident is the nd highest source of violent death after boko haram in nigeria .yet no data to warn citizens datarevolution	2
man crush monday for my lady tweeps as they asked for it ! chris evans	1
it s of hilarious that one of the biggest ovations from thursday was when john kasich said he wouldn t disown his hypothetical gay son .	1
but yeh we r going to ramen san downtown tomorrow murray and chris and i get my from that girl	0
festivus is back as a twilight event on friday january . do you like music ? do you like the arts ? do you like . . .	0
not able to find out moto g rd gen gb over website ? is it out of stock or what ? hope to hear back soon .	0
super sunday football indeed ! love the merseyside derby !	1
this is buffon u s nd cap for italy u c now just behind maldini in nd and behind the leader u c cannavaro . legend	0
caitlyn jenner opens up on feb . accident fears she may be forced into men s jail for manslaughter	2
 this just in rui en joins elvin ng co . in clif u c scheduled to air feb . surprise ? 	0
 july new photo of selena attending the leonardo dicaprio foundation inaugurational gala in saint tropez france .	0
do u ever cry over zayn for a lite and then it seems like march all over again bc same	0
queer eye for the messiah guy many modern christians may be surprised to learn that in the time after the resurr . . .	0
 she began to feel a little offended by what he was saying . loki . . . like i would report back to thor . he may be my father 	0
 games played with inter and i sit in th points behind city rivals milan in my final cl spot . nd to last game i face them away . . .	0
haha th th grade was strong with the kpop . we re always in sync lol	1
gov . bobby jindal to host prayer rally monday louisiana gov . bobby jindal announced tuesday he will host a pu . . .	0
is the nd one tom cruise in mission impossible ? !	0
hii bale how r u bro on sep match is their so all the best for the match and i hope my favorite real madrid team will win	1
yeah dustin johnson will still blow it on sunday	0
hulk hogan overheard the news of back in black s th anniversary and did a double take to ensure it wasn t another leaked sex tape of his .	1
 and a half hours till im done with dunkin till january ! ! ! ! !	0
 hey u c you u re missing beauty and the beast u c vampire diaries grey u s anatomy right now on tv . saturday is merlin sisterlife	2
nirbhaya s parents meet rahul gandhi ahead of debate on juvenile bill in rs new delhi dec uni ahead of the . . .	0
kanye west may in fact be the biggest douche bag in the history of the universe	2
why are you attacking me ? i have nothing but love for all god s children . this isn t a gay issue . it s a st amendment issue !	0
i reckon the match between bolton and man city should be good tomorrow ! footballseason	1
decent that bruv n i u m looking the espanyol game in jan the th or th . .	0
hey feel like coming to edmonton on the th with your tour buddies wouldntmind summerjam	0
love her ! went in december with my dad and going back to see her tomorrow with shawn ! she s incredible .	1
hi guys ! we know a lot of you want to see paper towns we won t be showing it from monday but we are hoping to . . .	0
nobody wants to hear about that jerk anymore . or ryan braun . or any other cheating roid rage jerk	2
please please please come true . i m counting down the hours until watchman s release .	1
who u s going to zimmerman on saturday ?	0
we saw the foo fighters thursday night . it was an awesome show !	1
dustin johnson staggeringly bogeys th after putts from off front of the green . he ll rue that round for years . a to be . theopen	1
not if they fight against muslims for the usa as the fsa does now . they may as well smoke because they ll burn in hell anyway	2
john kasich reminds us he was chairmen of the house budget committee for at least the th time tonight lol gopdebate	0
no like i saw ant man last week watched whas on thursday the show yesterday and his face did not change	0
next thursday is the last day at dunkin and i m trying to celebrate lol	0
curtis painter . . .we have a chance again ! can t believe kerry collins didn t throw us a pick six tonight	1
snow white and the huntsman director rupert sanders may direct tom cruise in van helsing snow white . . . movienews	0
john kasich has sure come out of nowhere . i d give him the w tonight . can t wait to watch the democratic party s first debate in october .	1
tbh i also wanted to have him and kane gain a partnership in case we need it down and need a nd striker . no better game .	0
howard webb will officiate the west ham vs manchester city game tomorrow . bj 	0
why is david wright batting in the cleanup spot in his st game back ? that is why upper deck home run on the rd pitch ! mets davidwright	0
i may be tired but at least the bags under my eyes are gucci .	1
may or may not be watching fx right now . might be a movie about just over things	0
huge day of nba tomorrow . whoop . league pass is awesome .	1
real madrid will have the first option to buy tottenham winger gareth bale if spurs sell the welsh international . sunday mirror 	0
he is the god of abraham isaac n jacob israel ! he s alive . . . then who is israel ? u may ask ?	1
in case you re still calling caitlyn jenner a hero .	0
i was just talking dan .he said they use close the wharf in monterey when michael jackson was there at night . he was in monterey s a month	0
excited to be presenting cloud computing for smb s at the centenary chamber of commerce on november th	1
goodnight everybody . we ll be back tomorrow morning at to answer any lexus questions you may have . ks	1
i was a donald trump supporter for president but then i heard john kasich make some good point so now so i switched said no one tomorrow	0
you already know every senior is rolling up with dunkin tomorrow	0
good morning rooody ! ! much love mane from bama ! ready to see you do what you do ! smoke da fins tomorrow !	1
yo i m all in for trying to break tom brady on thursday . all our d lineman should just yell deflategate the whole game	0
you remember being king of the playground monday mornings ? i feel like a tooting mitcham fan now days	0
i may treat myself to some serie b this evening . cesena v novara u c maybe remind me of how much i loved gianluca comotto if he plays joking	1
the ira were founded by the united ulster men you read the sun cause you no fa about reality	2
just days left to register for the september th ms conf in grand bend . promo code bernia saves 	0
i still haven u t started tidying my room and i u m just sat on the floor watching project x lol	0
dr joe will kick off his australian tour with a lecture at the conscious club in sydney australia thursday may !	0
i saw this during the st season of game of thrones so it s not technically their st kiss bb 	0
that hiroshima fella going well . so a few tipping dustin johnson for st round leader at and see he is at it	0
bing crosby amp david bowie have been singing peace on earth little drummer boy in my head all day . how s your november rd going ?	0
sat here in actual tears this country needs to do something about these refugees . it s everyone s problems . david cameron needs to act !	0
lol maybe . i m actually starting new music tomorrow ! starting with the john cena theme song . just for 	1
yeah . i ve always said milan is being run as if it was a rd world country . can t say galliani is the main issue tho .	2
spending tomorrow refreshing twitter because i want to go to the goddamn david bowie musical . sorryboss	1
we held our own with rodgers and he s a better qb than cutler . our d just needs to get tackling amp coverages down by sunday phinsup	1
top gear will return to the bbc on sunday may its new presenter chris evans has said	1
when you find out curtis isn t gonna be at the two show tomorrow	0
on this day in we lost george harrison . november th . georgeharrison whilemyguitargentlyweeps	0
the doc soaked in bleach out august looks into kurt cobain s death . read what the director has to say about it 	0
what is going on young man ! teamltd misses seeing u on monday s at the kee for our casual drinks . catchup in toronto soon	1
just call her chef ! lady gaga gets back to her italian roots as she shares . . . on sat . lady gaga proudly . . .	1
eagles etc . rt on sunday the real teams play steelers giants etc 	1
i just realized that the boys won their brit award on my birthday february then i was like partying that time they recieved it ! bestgiftx	1
could be someone important hello it s my manager c est mon directeur perfect i told you mtvstars lady gaga	1
decent outing from canada against the rd highest ranked team in the world . undone by a bit of brilliance by james rodriguez .	1
being a texas fan may be even more frustrating than being a red sox fan . and that says alot about texas	0
david bowie is sold out on december th and th ! there are no tickets available anymore at the cash register for today and tomorrow .	1
girl singing the national anthem tonight is a boise state student . i gave her a go ducks before she went out . didn t seem to faze her .	1
muslim civil rights group condemns hamilton sheriff s remarks about islam on monday hammond urged other tenn . . .	0
just said that ! ! on the frank gifford tribute	0
deeply inspired by david bowie ashes to ashes and pink floyd set the controls for the heart of the sun depressing game	2
unfollowing anyone tweeting about sharknado may god have mercy on yr soul	2
look it s national hot dog day ! yay ! some restaurants are giving great deals on hot dgs on july rd !	1
this vma drama is just trying to distract us from sharknado tomorrow	0
just thinking about couple days i had in august stone roses one night then kasabian u c noel g and the cribs the next . doesn u t get much better	1
found an ancient ipod nano i may have to keep it .	1
straight outta compton the movie has to include a deleted scene of ice cube spittin the st verse on the song straight outta compton on dvd	0
anup surendranath quieted supreme court job after yakub s death he may quit india after daud is hanged by supreme court of india	2
on tuesday im going to see paper towns with my friend and im actually so excited	1
hy vee shoppers ! we have a great deal coming on thursday for you ! thursday july rd is national hot dog day . so . . .	1
tgif ! friday starts off with a tummy rub for teddy ! have a terrific labour day weekend ! leaside rosedale	1
justin bieber s i ll show you is now vevo certified with over m views ! it s his st video to do so .	1
after the vmas last night nicki gave me the courage to stand up against my math teacher who wrongfullyy marked me absent last thursday	1
defeat the red stars tomorrow night ! best of luck	1
i just remembered im not going to the ed sheeran concert tomorrow so nobody talk to me tomorrow its gonna be a horrible day .	2
just as it becomes red sox arod hits his th hr now baltimore . bluejays	0
thanks brother . honestly speaking saw you st time with kamran shahid and felt that ik has made so many ik u s like u . keep gng	1
i u m in petrolia . the sun u s out u c isn u t that bright enough for you ? p	1
wow . august release day . gimme that galaxy note .	1
me hey mom . danielle gets her license tomorrow . . . you know what car she drives . a range rover u c pretty cool huh ? mom no . fuck off sam . 	2
tomorrow tomorrow i ll sell you tomorrow watchman s only a day awaaaay . gsaw gosetawatchman annie doors open at am see you then ! 	1
will do ! not sure when it ll be up apparently it may end up on the bbc which d be nice ! otherwise on a freeview channel amp online	1
monday is going to be so strange when i go back to school to get my gcse stuff	0
panik may be easiest one to trade just b c that gaping hole is most easily plugged with current fa z kendrick 	0
thank god i m spending tomorrow night with tegan while all my rich friends have a crazy mental time in town without us	1
so will be in the london studio tomorrow morning . hope no one mentions harry u s brit award error	0
omg mufc play on monday night football times makes me kill my self right now . . f off you liverpool city arsenal and chelsea	2
as a new catholic to latinmass prayin for all british patriots that they understand the church was the st to fight islam .	0
justin bieber it as well since we could have gave comfort than as ever you may be paid and pained but two in what could	0
a good hold from murray . in nd . how is anderson s head coping with this now ?	0
final decision about death should be made after the arrest of tiger memon . .may be tiger forced to yakub for doing that . . .	0
lots of total bases today for ryan braun as he hits a triple in th inning already has a home run sunday . brewers	0
love vixen didnt u used to be pierre s neighbor in venice beach ? i think i met u at one of his july or turkey day parties . .	1
wow ! ! ! omg today for my st birthday i woke up and follows me ! i knew this day would come ! thanks jennette ! 	1
mehgan james from bad girls club will be in the building friday to get an express pass go	0
thank you . i just finished can you be gay and a christian and it was a blessing . i used it for my adult sunday school .	1
just discovered the complete first season of star wars rebels is available for free on demand . tomorrow s work day just got awesome .	1
call me on stage for act my age to irish dance with niall tomorrow night at otraphilly	1
just checked for events happening at gila river arena in september and i got so excited to see that sam smith is playing . on september th	1
memorial day u c president u s day u c monday u c any day seems to be the right day to see independence day on t .v .	0
david cameron has flunked it . he now needs to act swiftly decisively demonstrate true leadership refugeeswelcome	0
i smell a nd pro bowl for my boy ! best safety in the league ! shout out for that solid legal hit ! thehawk probowl	1
fucking cunt . i hope he eats zlatan s shit in retirement league .	2
love me some aaliyah u c may she rest in peace .	1
why am i watching a changing diapers contest between kim kardashian and jimmy kimmel instead of studying for the exam i have tomorrow ?	0
i am going to the london grand prix on the saturday next year ! might meet you there ! !	0
i d ask my roommate how he felt about the spurs but the answer would take til tomorrow morning . that sob got me sick too !	2
i may be a bit slow on the uptake but i am sure david bowie sang ground control to major tom ? ? ? and not captain tim ? ? ?	0
at about a .m . et on tuesday august our beloved actor chuck norris passed away . sad neverforget	0
the one who take a role nd lead on fashion king ? ? ?	0
 st soundtrack for the milan game	0
believe me benefit culture is the least of my valid issues with muslims in britain .	0
pumpkin will be at a dunkin near you by august ! ddpumpkin	1
on friday night i wondered what the charlie hebdo response would be . it doesn t disappoint .	1
surgery tomorrow morning . if i die bury me inside the gucci store	0
 halifax students are you ready for some free hot yoga ? sept enjoy one free week of sweet sweaty goodness .	1
feb th at the bell center u c bon jovi is back in mtl . just in time for my birthday u c i u m just saying p	1
now i m thinking about ice cube especially about eyebrow . japan is almost th . i wanna go us to watch the movieeee ! ! !	1
paul dunne makes a birdie at the th and is through to the last at the us amateur championships after a up win over robbie ziegler	0
love the thing u done with seth rollins monday yes whether he wants to admit it or not he did say he didn t need the authority	1
rt september is the roast of charlie sheen ! i m ready for it ! haha	1
ac milan reportedly want miralem pjanic to join the san siro in january footballfanatic	0
sony s th anniversary sale going on now	1
cameron s gone full ukip then . will head off corbyn threat by going far right .	0
seven penny stocks on the move with heavy volume april liquidmetal technologies inc . otc lqmt traded as . . .	0
more good news may o and carter can have a beer summit in the gaza strip	1
who gives a fuck same old shit with arsenal . will finish rd or th go out of cl last . what s the point anymore ?	2
boko haram fighters slit the throats of fishermen in africa on thursday no mention from you . jericho ok though so happy days	2
boateng put through his own net in the dying seconds to hand bayer leverkusen a victory on sunday evening . . .	0
motorola has launched the moto g rd generation smartphone at the company s launch event in new delhi india . . . .	0
my sushi coworkers are apparently all going to la on the th and i m somehow stuck covering for all of them . what about my star wars day ?	2
because still hasn t put a pre order button for the galaxy note on the website i m going to a store tomorrow to pick it up .	0
crazy in love by beyonce feat . jay z was no . in the uk charts on august 	1
ryan gosling and george clooney in the ides of march just . . . blow my mind . such a good film . i just u c i just cant even . . .	1
yes i asked an attendant to print out a paper pass . but this was not the st time delta ios app lost my login info . annoying .	2
john cena monday night raw redeem yourself make a wish kids going to be there	1
looks like andy the android may have had a little too much fun yesterday .	1
i u m bringing you a play to read on monday . you u ll read it and love it . and meryl streep is going to be in the movie adaptation .	1
saudi arabia forms nation anti terrorist coalition on tuesday through the state news agency spa saudi ara . . .	0
late friday meet was just to clear air u c says bjp a day later sources said the rumour about gadkari quitting might have started . . . news	0
ghost rider is out on monday . ignore it .	2
a feud with john cena may be enough to make me interested in seth rollins again . there has to be some irony in there .	0
i m gucci ! do you work tomorrow ?	0
this guy says he brought rosie for trump but he may be trolling the rally just a little bit stopiranrally	2
come celebrate gaybor day weekend with me tomorrow at the roar room for gay night if you enjoy comedy dance . . .	0
andre berto insists he feels better than ever ahead of his biggest ever fight against floyd mayweather on september . the year old	1
are you having a sneaky monday night drink murray ?	0
jordan activists call for november sit in near palestinian diplomatic mission in amman to condemn the oslo agreements	0
valentine s day . my friend tuk a girl out . she showd up wit her friend . both of dem came with naira . ladies always take mon	0
this female said kirko bangz will be her nigga one day . . . . . . . . .c mon son foh ! lmao	0
aj has the best rd party commentary on kpop .	1
i know it s tough us to comprehend the refugeecrisis but as christians we must try . start with watching videos	0
i had the moto e st gen now i have the moto e nd gen girlfriend has the nd generation moto g they are all exactly as you say	0
on november be ready to head to the movies . breaking dawn part . 	1
aw what the hell curtis painter coming in and we give up rd and conversion .	2
out castle sun . and staying there until tues . mother said it aint safe up dere in that new york wit sandy all thru dere fvck you u c sandy .	2
justin bieber may as well hold the copyright to the phrase what do you mean because i can t say it without hearing the song in my head	0
in spite of claims by george osborne to be fixing the roof whilst the sun is shining structural weaknesses persist 	0
no one ever said when it s may you go to venice beach 	0
my naruto cards say they wont be here until monday . i want them now .	0
i can t wait to see ed sheeran on the th ! ! ! ! ! ! !	1
young or old rock fan or not you do not wanna miss ac dc tomorrow supershow	1
omg i m so excited for the colts vs . jags game next thursday ! not	1
bentley with a floater for two for the sun but pince charles and cash score to make it ny early .	0
drum stream scheduled for tomorrow postponed til next saturday on the rd of november . until then u c a diablo iii stream !	0
i am so very sorry for your loss . may god bless you and your family at this difficult time . rip frank gifford 	0
leo s st foo fighters concert . hr round trip to see his hero foofighters . thank you for the memories	1
when it s russia involved it s may . when israel is involved it s has . well done amnesty for simplicity	0
hold up . they re remaking minority report ? without tom cruise ? can i just ask why ?	0
could you wish a friend happy birthday ? his name is laurin ! it u s his th birthday and he u s a big fan . thanks in advance !	1
but on the real there may never be a bigger rapper activist filmmaker businessman better than ice cube . . .	1
dude can t get on the pitch at all . ancelotti is wise to ship him to us in january before he inevitably comes for free	2
moto g rd gen g vs . apple iphone review moto g s price beats iphone since the new handset is said to be . . .	1
when i go to the store i ll take one w . a mask xd get money so we can go to knott s saturday ! ! !	1
if you re a straight dude and homophobic do not come to a gay bar on a saturday . . .or ever in fact . thanks	2
found the limited edition of midnight sun . but since b st u s oppars are going to work on a new album . i u m not going to buy the th mini album	0
i ask off tuesday s and thursday s from work so i have a whole day to do homework . all i ve done is eaten junk and watched game of thrones .	0
project x on a monday night ? fuck it	2
i m glad mccoy isn t on the eagles anymore he s such a hater . st he talked crap about kelly now talking about murray .	2
so the penguin random house merger is to go ahead ? better than it falling into murdoch u s clutches . a mistake for tuc to sell sun yr ago 	0
meg you can watch a horror movie tomorrow if you like me cabin fever ? meg what about independence day ? pls educate her	0
hope scores the winner saturday and reveals a kewell shirt hulk hogan style in front of the leeds end scenez	0
getting really anxious about this foo fighters concert tomorrow night haha cool 	1
i can t wait for the diamond is unbreakable anime in april looking forward to seeing anime david bowie get a raging hard on for hands	1
i still believe i was the first person to listen to sam smith in bmt . . .since th grade	1
do you like david beckham s tattoo in honor of our treble ? by the way tomorrow we re playing fc barcelona . . .	0
monbiot says much of labour base switched to ukip but the same people now flocking to corbyn any evidence for this ?	1
mayweather vs . rousey will never happen in the boxing	0
i just have to remember to go online tomorrow and watch grey u s anatomy u c scandal u c u vampire diaries .	0
 nd goal barcelona would be proud of . cleverly isnt the future he s the present . sneijder coming soon . . . rt please 	1
okay so i may have known some of the sht that happened in kpop but i guess i went on hiatus because everything was negative and in turn . . .	2
frank ocean is like monday and the weeknd is like friday nobody wants monday s .	2
curiosity may have killed the cat but chuck norris killed everything else .	0
i wanna go see ac dc so bad on the th .	1
but i still remember it to this day and it carries much more weight now so s o to mr . murray wherever he may be	0
t mobile said the iphone s come out everywhere september th . not a 	0
yo if you paid to go see eric church at the state fair . . .may the lord have mercy on your souls .	2
life groups tonight in host homes . th gaston s th curtis and th gavan s house . see you there ! 	1
i think i may know the story of the party nail . salina gomez jammed her finger the night before the grammy awards . i rock a party toe today !	0
of course difference is came clean . shoeless joe fans contended he was innocent and he may have been	0
let this christ this king of israel come down now from the cross that we may see and believe .	0
 pop bottles make love thug passion red bottoms mon claire high fashion .	1
may fall asleep on the couch watching ou and eastern naptime	0
 th th graders join michael ball for acolyte training following the am service on sunday .	0
aaah i just noticed that shawn will only be two hours away from me tomorrow	1
friday bonus match the songs for one time bonus awarded within days bad blood by taylor swift feeling myself by nicki minaj	0
the living earth festival is going to be pretty sweet ! ! if you re in the dc area be sure to stop by the american indian smithsonian tomorrow	1
how fun ! i went to the bank the first night then lax the nd .	1
i want a stomping at rfk on saturday boys . make it happen . dcu	1
 . nice ! i may get valentine as well . undecided . may get it at a later date . there s quite a few i want to be honest .	1
lpg consumers can now fill up kyc form till nov the government has extended by days the deadline for fill . . .	0
currently celebrating the th anniversary of clueless and national ice cream day . be still my heart !	1
i need to lose weight by august th is there any option besides the sydney dalton diet bc im vegetarian and also i love food	1
 vbnss daily digit exchanges lost mln a day oct nyse u c nasdaq u c and the cboe each lost about million in . . .	2
watching again saturday night the beautiful snowpiercer i thought that i never saw chris evans so hot like in that movie or in sunshine .	1
this isn t the stock market it s big brother . you need to have some risk to have big reward . playing safe gets you th place . bb 	0
hi ! my bias is kai bc he stole my heart the st tym i saw him in growl . he is my st love in kpop amp it s not changing til now	1
michael ball is incredible th anniversary with him and colm is sick	2
murray struggling at moment but i think he ll come strong in rd amp th set to take it to decider usopen 	0
queens of the stone age u s regular john from glastonbury during the song for the deaf tour dave grohl sat on the stool	0
is it just me or is google apps email just plain slow today ?	2
when it took the th division relying on heavy artillery months to take baba amr from guys in the al farouq battalion ?	0
need some th inning magic if we hit kershaw twice in the th inning to win games we can do it to anybody	1
buzzer beater jump shot by parker . on a primetime thursday game . . .no way that can happen ! how great is the nba ? ! ? !	0
 those costumes are for purim may be the line of the season . newgirl schmidt rules	0
happy th birthday to our whistler library ! free outdoor movie jurassic park tonight at pm	1
i hope tom brady gets fucking clobbered about times next sunday	2
my older brother is going to see tenacious d on sunday and dave grohl is going to be playing the drums there ! ! ! ! ! ! !	1
so magic mike xxl is out of theaters as of last friday in the bahamas . a whopping three weeks to the day of release .	0
noticed that you going to be in tampa tomorrow and wanted to see if we can do a q a for metormix tampa bay and feature you ? ? ?	0
tsipras asks for strong mandate so that the left may continue to govern	0
 chris evans is the presenter of tfi friday and they re being sarcastic in case you don t get british humour 	0
rt cbsatlbreaking jury selection begins today in the trial of conrad murray . he s the doctor charged w involun . . .	0
i was part of an anti war march that the media quoted roughly half the attendance figures and the rest . . . . .well that was over to tony blair .	0
its ravens st ! . . . .then jets . . .then eagles . . . .get it right lol	1
reminder this thursday sept will be running on a monday schedule ! there will be no club hours or yoga in the game room . baruchcollege	0
still looking for their first win arsenal face portsmouth twice in a week this evening at highbury with the return fixture next wednesday	0
can we get tom brady off every sports channel now ? penn state is about to start an undefeated season tomorrow	0
i may have missed that memo . also about time 	0
irritates me gay males aren t allowed to donate blood but a transgender woman can or anyone else who may of had sex with a gay bi man can .	2
gelfand in the lead after rounds of the london grand prix chess with . . nakamura loses rd game in a row .	0
 th day of eid ul fitr all smile all smile kosongkosong courtesy photo by zeeyasmi	1
i can t believe i m going to foxborough this saturday and tom brady would do me like this	1
you may dislike either messi or ronaldo but you can t dislike zlatan .	0
national ice cream day is this sunday ! we will have free random give aways all day ! welovebensons nationalicecreamday	1
fec approves . bn for two locomotives the federal executive council fec thursday approved a n . billion for the design manufac . . .	1
i m working the eric church concert the th no way i can make opening morning practice	0
 days of rodeo in one week time so excited ! th year going cfr 	1
chris evans admits defeat as he can t juggle both top gear and tfi friday	2
ok that s funny ! what would dems say ? and you can t use kim kardashian in the survey	1
caitlyn jenner may face manslaughter charges in fatal crash yeah he s real courageous alright . . . . .	0
everything s coming up mets david wright to return monday the new york mets improbable run of fortune just . . .	0
considering the foo fighters just melted my face i can t wait for tomorrow	1
go with moto g rd gen its best in this range 	1
now that he s in rd place in polls harper unveils inspiring new slogan i m not perfect . circling the drain time . elxn cdnpoli	0
so amazon prime day got rained out right ? cause there s no way those deals rival black friday deals . when s the rain date ?	2
i can t even explain how excited i am for calibraska . like i don t know if i can wait through tomorrow for it .	1
ohhhh shit sir ! ! just fired up blade ii for the st time in awhile and was just like damn that s norman reedus ! ! boss ! 	1
sellout shmellout attendance in th in league just above preds . small arena small market .	0
the word is that good morning america will air a piece on the yoga face tomorrow betwen and am u c eastern . . .	0
boston leads toronto in the top of the th . the red sox are about runs away from a safe lead .	0
hi niall can you wish me good luck because tomorrow i have to do an operation to my foot and i m really scared ! x 	0
just favorited grateful dead recorded by zoltan at the san fran . . . by calgarycmmc cmmc on mixcloud	1
 rd annual women s day was another one for the books it s getting bigger and better thank you all great effort teamgdcf .	1
july is national hot dog day ! we ll be hosting a hot dog eating contest . contact crague if you re interested in participating	1
i am selling tickets for kenny chesney and jason aldean at arrowhead on saturday . message me if you or someone you know is interested	0
making the rounds teddy atlas previews saturday s pbconespn card amp shares how he celebrated national hot dog day	0
dr mohamed morsi announced as egypt u s st elected president after the glorious th of jan revolution . congratulations to egypt	1
might not be able to get a free taco tomorrow . as napoleon dynamite would say u c dang it !	2
randy orton become the youngest world champion of all time . wwe august th summerslam . wwe	1
my friend is selling tickets for the jonas brothers concert fort canning on monday ticket . that u s half price ! rt !	1
playstation network maintenance on october services going offline u c possibly to make way for the new ps store . . .	0
 nhforum live bobby jindal said st thing he d repeal o s executive orders immigration epa . . . tcot pjnet ccot	2
i think he and sanchez should both be sat down . time to bring back the man rotation .	0
matta doesn t know how to view being ranked th in the country and rd in the big ten except the conference must be really good .	1
i am at h .b . stewart arena for tonight s a west showdown siloam springs and greenwood . b g games have implications for top of standings .	0
tonight u c obama was the buffalo sabres and mitt was the dallas stars . it may not seem right to . . .	0
when nobody realizes tom brady isn t suspended and you get him in the th round in fantasy football . sportsmediauf	0
arsenal ladies are at ht with ffc turbine potsdam in their women u s champions league last st leg clash at borehamwood . wucl	0
hacked by keelan s girlfriend lt lt lt lt just kidding i just beat dark souls for the th time i have my priorities straight .	1
 for the st time since italy will travel to a major tournament without franco baresi u c paolo maldini or cannavaro via	0
i m probably jynxing it . but david price has a no hitter going into the th	2
great mbb game felt good to be back at the vadalabene center great staff promotions too ! wbb tomorrow can u t wait ! ! siuenation	1
they ve been clearing palestine for years amp dumping wogs in australia for israel s benefit .fuck israel may it go under	2
hey minnesota wisconsin or iowa . . . .we re wide open on august th th on the route back from minneapolis . if . . .	1
people may throw christians in jail amp punish bodies but they can t take away the lord .	2
lady gaga diane warren kirby dick amp amy ziering sat down with the new york times . watch the full video here 	1
real madrid commuter the same offences as barcelona and most likely receive a year ban in jan	0
red sox in that th inning looked like a group of minimum wage employees who were asked to stay past the end of their shift . zeroeffort	2
watching kentucky all access makes me want it to be monday	0
just seen your goals in the city win against bolton in . need to get them days back man hope you play tomorrow . top player .	1
lpt involved in pursuit through bentley and st james before the target vehicle lost control in the wet weather sunday evening . drugs seized	0
on this day in august raw john cena amp sheamus vs . christian amp mark henry	0
kpop fans may have their beefs and whatever but when its time to stand up for kpop as whole we do it together fanarmyfaceoff	1
dunno sky reporting it tonight everton bolton also interested according to twitter search	1
well it may be jarring . even playing the walking dead back the future got and jurassic park games by them i found tftbl jarring .	1
rt i think it s time to start calling the democrats offices demand they use the th now don t cave to nut jobs .	2
the only reason i keep going is that i get to see amy schumer in june	0
knaus johnson win appeal no suspension coming points restored sports hours minute ago from the moment n . . .	1
was having trouble yesterday downloading septembers edition using google ? loads the st page then crashes ?	2
sat stat tom brady is set to make his th straight opening day start the longest active streak in the league .	1
it s good to see that dave managed to get back from his trip in time for the remembrance service .	1
c mon kris jenner . . . who do you think you are fooling ? we all know you don t fucking cook . . . lmfao	2
friday in the food court dierks bentley clark manson jason aldean kip moore ira dean christian kane kenny chesney amp josh abbott band	0
everyone give my good friend a follow he s interviewing justin tomorrow !	1
can t wait for paper towns and nandos on thursday with the lasses should shine some light over our results 	1
can you believe that the salvation army in goshen is already working on pancake day november and christmas . . .	0
pm narendra modi to address top military commanders on friday prime minister narendra modi will interact with the country s top mili . . .	0
last day in scottsdale is tuesday so happy to be going back to tempe ! 	1
i was finally warming up to a rd fight with tate and then the ufc goes and throws a holm run ball to rousey . i don t get it . . . . .	2
i got classes then im off going back to greensboro . im heading to ny tomorrow	0
for fans of classic progressive metal . . . threshold s new one march of progress is out now ! find it online . . .	1
hey daryl ! great connecting at anti fracking colorado . excited to have you in next issue . deadline is nov th .	1
 cmafest keith urban with eric church . . . . . . omg . i may die	1
first friday after ramadan is like reunion to allah to keep all the carelessness we done in the eid days aside amp join him again strongly 	0
when neb comes down here tomorrow i m gonna knock the sled of his head then beat the fuck outta him with it	2
didn u t get a chance to post this the other day . goodbye ralph mcquarrie . may you return as a force ghost to guide young artists . . . starwars	2
chandler him were going to trade concords cool greys u c but i was going to tell da u shon to not bring them tomorrow .	2
maude barlow is coming to north carolina oct . hear her talk about future of water in nc ! starworks center star nc .	0
saw ant man on tuesday . great film . much more character driven than the big epic mcu films .	1
when taking the sat write chuck norris for every answer . you will score over .	0
we thought we u d never see the day axl rose does st tv interview in yrs and shows up on time ! watch 	0
watched a pride and prejudice play and then the season finale of the nd season of downton abbey . tonight is so british .	1
im trying the sydney dalton diet starting monday 	0
watching videos of the teen wolf cast to try and forget about school on monday and reduce the ridiculous amount of anxiety i currently have	1
milan will play sampdoria tomorrow and they will face next if the qualify	0
nasa measures extragalactic background light ! awesome implications for understanding the big bang better !	1
funny how arsenal fans were all appalled by the galatasaray fans behaviour wednesday yet today they did the exact same thing arsenallogic	2
alonso may also consider a year in the fiawec whilst he waits for his favoured option of driving for mercedes	0
i can call the lady cause kane won t turn up till thursday	0
red cross halts most pakistan aid after beheading the international committee of the red cross said on tuesday . . .	2
beltran padding up his nd half of the season numbers . actually everyone can do that with this red sox pitching staff today . nyyvsbos	0
monday night raw opens up with paul heyman and brock lesnar in the ring and paul calling for a rematch . live . . .	0
good morning yuki ! oh i like your name too . does it means snow ? riko isn t my real name i ve chose it because i like japan .	1
bobby jindal is just trying to score political points and get into the debate thursday	0
new issue of forbes aug has my essay on a personal encounter with gandhi apartheid in s africa . not yet online but take a look .	0
tomorrow is going to be my tenth time seeing shawn perform i m so lucky to be able to even once this is so insane	1
i m wearing my aaron rodgers jersey to the charger game this sunday . gopackgo	0
or yuh kno keep giving thanks first nations genocide on thor s day during the th month named th month cause that all makes sense you	2
well kid s it s friday . so rejoice . another week is done . the hell with trump i m voting for amy schumer . . white house bound	1
i ate my placenta like kim kardashian and you should too as told to nicole lyn pesce tuesday december . . .	1
mt the last time the bluejays lost by runs ? july games ago . david price got the win for the tigers 	0
one more day left in iqaluit . back home in ottawa tomorrow	0
ready to hit this friday morning t p . always think of it this way bulls make money and bears make money . forex priceactiontrading	0
vta scores td on rd drive ledesma pass to winans ztra point good with min left in nd qtr	1
forgot to thank amp for dean ambrose wrestling on monday with no shirt on . god is good . blessed	1
christmas with nataniel . nov .r r computicket . main theatre .	0
 nd round guess the song he treats you so bad and i m so good to you it s not fair ! first to points gets the dm with niall ! !	0
want a copy of book of souls the new iron maiden cd on release on sep th ! to enter follow us rt !	0
more sheamus vs randy orton ! ! because the wwe universe just can t get enough ! wwenetwork	1
i may have just encountered a real life samurai at ihop . how s your day going ?	1
this ensemble will make its debut this sunday in the georgia dome ! beardown . ooohkillem	0
jason aldean is september th and i have nobody to go with . guess i won t go	2
 wcw goes to the little rd grader i said that s better than christian ponder . let s name her christiana	2
nwa tells you where ice cube got bye felicia from lmao he just used it in another way in friday	0
i think john cena may struggle with the concept of object permanence	0
rt opening ceremony fri . amnz v tonga . am oh v happy as he has friday off lt yay . might make anzac biscuits rwc	1
gucci variety unconscious hopes august chance the couplet yours distinguished sympathy liaison headed for arti . . .	0
grim do you think that seth rollins will reunite with the shield if he losses both of his titles the us and the wwe	0
ubs interest in apple watch tepid it sounds like apple watch is hot but interest in the smartwatch may actua . . .	0
in theater to see magic mike xxl for the rd times . love this movie .	1
these lil girls singing birthday cake . . . . .girl it was yo th birthday the other day smh lol	1
 . thank you for the mention thor . happy monday !	1
i fucking love seth rollins and would be so happy if he walked away with two belts next sunday .	1
the tri cities fever beat the wichita wild friday night to win the intense conference championship for the second . . .	1
so they should u ve ran the ball on rd ? blame cam all u want but flacco is the problem . elite qbs dont have games like that	2
i would put gillard nd best behind hawke u c rudd rd u c keating th u c then all the rest u c then howard last showdown	0
k i am busy dancing to music . shawn jacob so it may be hard for me to be in your notifications ! !	1
i ve never listened to kpop i ll give it a try tomorrow morning	0
beyonce needs a new sound . you may call it hating i m just being real .	2
no regular classes tomorrow monday september . . . . . please join us for the following am hatha yoga w . . .	0
kane s teasing us with this shearer thing . triple backflip into the corner flag at the stadium of light on sunday	0
jurassic park may just be my favorite arrangement of all time . and john williams may just be my favorite composer of all time .	1
when you realise it s september tomorrow and frank ocean still hasn t released his album	0
no more denean camp airy tomorrow to see my friends dashboard on sunday with and lunch saturday with yessss .	1
disclaimer some music may cause high bp spikes i showed up to my dr appt with a bp of after rocking to nirvana 	1
thursday nights aren u t the same with waterloo road thereisnothingontv	2
i m so happy to see that justin got his st number on billboard after all he has gone through .	1
exodus shall not a dog move his tongue against man or beast that u may knw the lord do put a difference between the egyptians amp israel	0
woooo i ll look into for next wednesday just wanna see ben affleck	1
tina fey and amy poehler will host the golden globe awards in what may be the smartest thing the hollywood fore . . .	1
picking up my rolldawg from lax tonight amp then taking my manager to lax tomorrow . .my car has taxi on it ! ? lol truehomie imtherealmvp	0
rt golf balls with pelosi s face on them allegedly distributed at boehner fundraiser today . sick !	0
 onthisday prince charles married camilla parker bowles . well u c there were three of us in this marriage u c so it was a bit crowded 	0
i want to see amy schumer saturday so badddddd	0
all the indian workers tortured in saudi are reaching trivandrum from saudi arabia by flt fz at . hrs on dec 	0
after that game u c i can u t wait to see what my heat do to the knicks tomorrow	1
 esiafrica wescoal signs three year supply agreement with eskom september junior coal mining group we . . .	0
digne and falque caused juventus real problems down their left in the st half . asroma juventus	0
please justin follow me ? hope everyday ! je t u aime ! can wait to see u in paris for the st time ! je t u aime 	1
nope . so called christians like yourself denying the equal protection of the law under the th amendment .	2
a signed tom boonen shirt is only one of the items in the eyclassics auction . curious for more ? joing us this sunday !	1
so much tom cruise in my eyeballs tonight . but the dude made some good choices . edge of tomorrow ? mission impossible rogue nation ? good	1
former soldier arrested over bloody sunday disgusting then the ira like adams etc should be arrested now	2
rochester strikes first with a run in the th off pawsox starter edwin escobar and it s red wings over red sox going to bottom th	0
was feeling the urge to intrude sm mnl s rd floor earlier and check if paper towns is still showing . realized things 	0
at the bnp paribas open in the hot sun . i know some of you would love this weather and the tennis .	1
rousey vs holm s on january . holms has the best kicks of any ufc woman fighter . i ll give her at least minutes with rousey	1
make sure you tune into the saga exclusively on temple s only student run radio whip at iheartradio monday through thursday s at pm ! !	0
tomorrow i u m going to the knicks vs celtics game . cool	1
on u c john anthony zacchara arrived in port charles in the form of ! everybody go wish him a happy th anniv on gh !	1
the roxy is alive with the sound of music this sunday at . pm . this is the last chance to see it on the big . . .	1
kristin chenoweth arrives at the nd annual hero dog awards	0
and kris u airport runaway x tomorrow exo m will go to nanjing . . yeah ! i u ll see luhan u s hair . . is it true that his hair now is bl	0
who are trump s supporters ? when donald trump announced he was running for president on june the idea see . . .	0
crazy that you use kendrick . i m listening to kendrick lamar amp j . cole s black friday as i type this tweet .	1
this helps the stadium show but doesn t help holm who now has less time to prepare for rousey .	0
protecting a brand is about more than your trade mark red bull may . . .	0
shawn if i was there would you watch the steelers game with me thursday ? me yea . wait why ? are you coming here ? please missyou	0
so according to my th grade english teacher messi has now tied the game up ? can anyone confirm this ?	0
anyone want a ticket to knott s scary farm for tomorrow night ?	0
holy crap i literally just now realized that it is friday and i didn t upload the new dark souls video . great . great ! great !	1
such a good ending to sharknado ! you decide by twitter hashtag if april lives or dies ! the answer will be . . .	1
this year old on the bus tryina convince me he s got an iphone plus and i m sat here like	0
 wwe monday night raw results sting opens the show 	0
going holiday eh ? haha going to melaka tomorrow 	1
chris brown and august alsina sang hold you down and all i could think about was jungkook singing it and i almost cried	0
oh hell yeah i m watching naruto all day tomorrow this shit was interesting	1
rousey volleyball gilas fiba bid atoy co s shirt and the opening of a new premiere league season . what a transition into a monday .	0
rio ferdinand thinks manchester united may have signed the next david beckham 	1
check out battle of the winds at the earth festival in lyme regis on sunday bbc one spotlight 	0
jurassic world now is the rd most grossed film ! nice !	1
hope everyone is out having fun at the roncesvalles polish festival today and it s on tomorrow too !	1
can t believe the st season is almost over ! i luv every episode but my ultimate favorite has to be hours in barcelona . 	1
he tweeted that after the attack in paris in january the charlie hebdo thing	2
hi . are you going to sell the vamps ticket on sm molino or sm bacoor ? this coming sat ?	0
liam may be the dad of the group but niall s the other more strict dad who gotta whip the boys in shape if u aint listening ull get crackerd	0
not going to carnival tomorrow 	2
 nope . as soon as i heard that wayne was planning to drop his album on itunes the night after the vma s i knew he was trying . . .	0
i remember one time in like th grade i didn t want to be in the news because i was wearing a kurt cobain shirt .	0
my heart goes out to frank gifford and family . may all your memories of frank bring you comfort . mmemories ripfrankgifford	0
bethe correia still thinks she can beat rousey and that santa claus is coming december th .	0
foo fighters in edinburgh tomorrow night ! ! ! ! ! ! ! with and i move to uni on friday what an excellent terrifying week	1
i thought christians followed christ the name being a vague clue . perhaps you should read the nd half of the book ?	0
if i hit by friday i ll sign off with iron maiden	0
what if this whole vettel and alonso thing is just an april fools joke ?	2
eff that going to france for march break to see my fam and going off to paris reims and monaco travel addict	0
tristram more tory than the tories hunt seems to have forgotten who was shadow education secretary under miliband	0
volleyball game next friday u c us vs the staff . .	0
big bauss i hope you lld be coming to abj on the october th with solidstar and the rest . . . plz reply	1
our actions suggest we are seeking a lower standard of paradise not the same paradise that the st generation of muslims sought	0
 usopen eeeeek ! rd set tiebreak for murray amp anderson ! konta v kvitova on serve with the briton serving very well !	0
jesus sends part tomorrow as we finish gospel of matthew . making disciples and not just christians . c you at or .	0
i really fucks with and . . every friday they play katy perry last friday night tgif tgif	0
soaking rain falls across metroplex widespread rain across the metroplex soaked the region saturday . . . dallas news	0
in interviews tom brady has gone back to being nice guy aw shucks tom nothing negative about goodell . thurs nite psycho tom returns .	1
n vow is likely to return from a midsummer break in the prix de royallieu at longchamp on saturday . trainer wil . . .	0
if you are still mourning the cancellation of the great yorkshire show why not head to at boroughbridge on sep !	2
does anyone know where i can get ed sheeran tickets for the th of september ?	0
okay i can see how you may not like lebron or tom brady but not messi . .this guy has nations on his back .	1
juventus hopeless without their key players and a poor transfer window . hope the cunts end up th in the league .	2
watch all the larries hating on briana praise the baby in february	0
well buzzin for the foo fighters on tuesday	1
going rib elton all day tomorrow . !	1
diana a celebration ends june th at the make sure to see the collection before it leaves !	0
why would the raps kick the tires on jordan farmar ? would be a solid backup even better rd string .	1
niall is this sunday and i honestly don t want to think about it	2
 real madrid appeared on tuesday at the th place in the top of manchester s trends trndnl	0
we need to let go of frank ocean . he died on the st of july . he s gone	2
watching pll halloween episode for the rd time	0
tripple h was never ric flair s bitch . .but this sunday ima make you mine . . . john cena to seth rollins	0
the spurs don t appear to be missing manu ginobili right now but they may get him back in the lineup on saturday .	0
we ve landed on the world famous calle ocho ! our new offices are located on th avenue sw th street at the . . .	1
gold and diamond are never at the periphery u c we really need to dig deeper into christianity . . . .phil . u crom . . . . . . happy sunday .	0
thor is home ! thor went missing on dec th and was back home on the th . no info was submitted to us on how he . . .	1
is leader threatens to attack israel months after he threatened saudi arabia . israel must be hurt to come nd only	2
it is too early to be talkin about throwin that ass at nitemoves on a sunday morning take yall hethen ass to church	2
coach u c you may want to explore zumba for your players . great workout to work on movement and fluidity of movement .	1
catching up on wwe for the week thanks to the saturday night reruns . seth rollins is underappreciated .	1
did thordis just say that prince george may be king one day ? bit threatening . . .	0
the mumbai blasts convict yakub memon hanged . seculars may sign a petition to declare yakub as a good terrorist as he died on his b day .	0
ending our thursday we have . . . . bee gees with immortality	0
west indies players to fly back on their own expense after the th odi in dharamsalart why did they come ? 	2
murray is and at his peak . not sure he can win another major . he may have to be content with his wimbledon amp us open wins . murray	0
so xhosa zulu guys apply morvite in their face when it u s hot to avoid sun burn 	0
the politics of the turkish military presence near mosul moshe dayan center ta university israel	0
hangin with the bit ladies u c soakin up the florida sun u c wondering if i did anything to have so much fun .	1
 instead responded to sting s statement . hai sting san ! may the guild with more 	0
if i didn t have training tomorrow id be sick and at the jason aldean concert maybenexttime	2
on september there will be a blessing of clc at the pm mass in madonna della strada . all are welcome . see you there !	1
cole clearly said him and kendrick aren t doing anything . so whatever he s dropping in february isn t what you think .	2
the snickerdoodle strawberry ice cream sandwich is back ! ! ! ! we u ll be at the sr wed . night mkt u c guernville farm . . .	1
you may not have frank ocean but at least you got kanye	0
amy schumer may have brought us trainwreck but that word just got redefined on thevoice .	0
september th last day at dunkin	0
world bank approves us million for improving compliance with industrial wastewater treatment regulations in vietnam oct th	1
at ricks cafe with watching dese guys jump off the cliffs and drinking rum runners in the sun	0
you could almost hear the arteries clogging . icymi latest report details unhealthy s at the san diego county fair	2
this girl sang the same taylor swift song as me in the th grade talent show and she got mad at me lmfaoo	0
come out wednesday evening as we finish off the cinema under the stars season with jurassic park	1
rt one thing i learned from living in detroit was when a nigga pull out a gun you get the fuck on . crazy ass night already !	2
ice cube s son is hella sexy . i may only think that cuz i ve always had a thing for ice . his son is just more like attainable . lol	1
the wisconsin fought for you now it s time to fight for them ! vote holperin wirch this tuesday august th ! wiunion wirecall p 	0
today is the day we have been waiting for all summer the day we see aaron rodgers on the field again . so excited . packers	1
rahul gandhi talking about politics and policies is like studying for cat from a nd grade teacher . fakeintolerance	2
there s no middle ground with her though . her jay z insights used to veer off into the rd testicle range	2
good morning nerds . for good or bad for the best or the worst today is star wars day ! may the force be with you .	1
people may laugh at kanye west . but let s not forget kanye is one of the smartest artist producer .	1
yay going to see blackpool illuminations on tuesday with oli d	1
i believe federer has a good chance of winning the title for the th time but he needs to hold his composer against djokovic !	1
just for clarification spock is referring to time travel in that quote it which might be possible by gingrich s th year in office .	1
join us next thursday for this screening at the creative alliance i m in the movie ! ! . it should be a great . . .	1
only person left from a packed theatre waiting to see the nd end credits scene in ant man . come on people you know how this works by now .	0
sunday bloody sunday u get wholesome before the shit hits the fan . music wholesome	1
nta viewers am on other tues u c the viewers on this tues u c 	0
anybody with a steak amp shake or ihop move tomorrow ? ?	1
lady gaga channels frank sinatra in this pulsating tribute song . last sunday night dozens of the world s big . . .	1
 argo is set to receive best film u c director and writing noms at the oscars u c at the very least . and may be u c art direction .	1
henryville residents still waiting for help from the march tornados . . . .more on . fm .	0
helwani to dana white good luck tomorrow you fucking sheep	2
my science fiction page teach with star wars . may the learning force be with you .	1
our team in toronto milan and amsterdam would all like to wish you an easy happy monday ! socialgood feelgood	1
can anyone take me home from the alonso game tomorrow	0
i forgot how sad the first episode of the th season of dexter is . depressing dexter darkpassenger	2
my friday night consists of me watching the big bang theory season with cam 	1
aye yo add me on snapchat because im going to be snapchatting everything tomorrow at digi nicoletrevino 	1
 you portray hannibal beautifully may i just say .	1
real madrid get better of de gea saga barca goalies also under pressure while transfer deadline day may have . . .	1
feel bad for the person who s next to me at the ed sheeran concert tomorrow because i m singing as loud as i possibly can lol	0
i really just found out that kim kardashian and kanye had their nd baby like days ago . where the hell have i been ? lmao	1
inter may have a chance this season with juventus sucking the big one so far !	0
seems my new ipod doesn u t like kasabian very much laptop has crashed every time it u s got to syncing empire . th time lucky . . .	2
fantastic event in tenby on sunday with the second running of the ironman wales triathlon . more than nations . . .	1
roman reigns and dean ambrose are going to put down the wyatts this sunday at summerslam . wwe raw	0
so what if madonna thought btw was reductive ? is she not allowed to have an opinion or be honest ? ?	0
some of them may very well be . they could be from the jewish tribes of saudi arabia who converted to islam .	0
watch bbc next monday to learn the dark secret of strategy to exit the banking market . of loans in default ! ? really	0
i want sanchez to go away and have mota be th starter !	2
top sec teams have chance to play in the cotton bowl and jan . games capital one and outback . as for the pac alamo u c sun u c holiday u c etc .	0
david sedaris at winspear opera house on april . buy tickets before they go on sale to the general public tomorrow .	0
i will watch jimmy mcgovern s hillsborough tomorrow i am absolutely knackered and don t think i could deal with watching now .	2
yum ! national ice cream day is sunday july th . enjoy a treat from dairy queen in the food court or at nieve de . . .	1
 o inbetweeners movie a week today ! ! aaaahhhh ! might wear my wellies to the cinema cause i ll be knee deep in clunge 	1
planning my trip with my friend to see mariah carey feb . th . can t wait to see my queen toinfinity	1
may the people who wear the horribly transphobic caitlyn jenner costume choke on their candy corn this upcoming halloween	2
monday afternoon love muse from the legend himself mr bob marley !	1
blow to the lions . . .joel patfull s out for the season after breaking his hand in sunday s loss to adelaide . surgery wed morn . afl	2
republicans monday blasted secstate john kerry for suggesting that the obama admin could help iran bypass the new visa restrictions .	0
first home game tomorrow against eastern be there or you re gay and if you re gay you can still come too i guess	0
after that i ll start plugging mine and live tweet of the new fox show terra nova on september . maybewewillgetfreestuff	1
 is today right ? yall know that means it s my boy liam s nd birthday . gotta blast the bricksquad music for young bricksquad .	1
looking at the temp outside . . . .hpw did it get hotter as the sun goes down ? ? ? ? feel like i m in vegas just adding humidity	2
kendrick always new content u don t know what to expect . . . cole talk the same shiit from st project on every one	2
media should remember that the trump and murdoch incidents is a civil rights issue u c not a hour news story . it has to be stopped nov .	2
less than months after the last legislative elections erdogan s gamble may not solve turkey poll impasse . . .	0
be on the look out for my miss usa recap tomorrow ! hear about my favorite gowns swimsuit bods and . . .	1
i love you so much niall and tomorrow is my birthday i hope for the best that you will follow me	1
thor what a pussy . other god s have universes thor gets a measly day of the week thursday meh	2
has anyone seen under the cherry moon film starring prince and u c if yes u c can you confirm if this is a fruitful use of a friday off work ?	0
since you said bloodborne may be better than dark souls i ve been having an almighty internal struggle . you . . . might be right .	1
wth am i supposed to do with my thursday night with no grey u s nor scandal ? !	0
now going to watch ant man for a nd time and drving everybody . . .	1
ap top stories december a here s the latest for tuesday december th saudi arabia forms coun . . . usa news	0
in tomorrow s debate if romney is half as sharp as he was in this earlier exchange with gingrich . . . obama is toast 	1
jimmy fallon hasn t been funny since saturday night life and even then he was even funny . nigga was laughing at his own jokes	2
who went to the first amy schumer show on saturday ? anyone who would be willing to talk to me about it ?	1
scum ? ? ? . . . . he votes tory . reads the sun and thinks this countries downfalls are down to mass immigration	0
i hate asap on friday ! ! ! ! why i have busy always in the end of week 	2
 nov an ira mortar attack on newry ruc station misfired and the mortars hit houses and injured people	2
oh yeah just cant wait spring breakers apparently got a worldwide release on march th . . i want it just so hype fb	1
the spurs may have won the battle but not the war !	1
remember saturday night daylight saving time ends set your clocks back one hour before you head to bed !	0
may as well sign up scott dann and roger johnson whilst your at it .	0
hey guys guess what ! ? i m back at the lair on january th it s going to be bigger and better ! ! tickets go on sale next friday ! xx	1
i ve yet to hear any of them address the possibility that muslims may take offence at being put in church halls . get your plan b ready .	0
the real mitt romney ranting about mormonism u c jerusalem u c the nd coming during commercial break on radio video 	0
i need to see justin tomorrow at the today show but i can t skip class 	2
lake james was dope on sunday even with justin	0
i gotta mute on monday s . good to see sting sucks it was in twitter . i guess back to san andreas it is .	0
i just vaulted jeb bush up to th place in my rankings .	0
panthro has just informed me of jan hooks and elizabeth pena in one blow i am very sad	2
i still am looking for one logical answer as to why kendrick lamar is hypocritical with his gf . . .maybe tomorrow	0
photo with marni and nic if you have won with steve i may lose it haha nah just kidding love your tweets tad jealous lol	1
sam ! it u s birthday ! ! may you wish her a happy one u c please ? 	1
best thursday night football game of the season ! tnf nah colts vs texans was better . jj watt that is all .	1
star sightings august grammy winner sam smith got a kick out of posing with his wax figure at madame tussauds on august in s . . .	0
this sat . i ll be at the whole earth festival in davis ca . chatting with kim stanley robinson about sf and the environment from pm .	0
kendrick leads all with grammy nominations . don t miss out on february th !	1
leaving texas th day of july . thank you god for inventing al gore so we have the technology to listen to a replay of grateful dead .	1
stop by friendship village tomorrow star wars day ! i ll be talking about the history of sw amp also displaying some of my collection .	1
haha brilliant ! ! morning katie . . .happy friday ! bodg loves the drawing of him ! m	1
then ur not watching . was in every show every night every day last week except for friday . took vacation to host miss teen usa	0
governor mike pence must go . he s the nd worst governor in the nation only ahead of bobby jindal .	0
that friday feeling at real madrid real madrid completed the week with the players they are miss . . . info rm 	0
yeaa im still lookin smh . . .may have to go to the adidas store . the asian dudes wear em .	0
the problem with aus not being big into halloween is that you go straight from xmas in july to xmas . there s no extra holiday .	2
me caitlyn jenner may get charged for manslaughter . at least it s not women slaughter 	2
gordon brown and david cameron have said exactly the same thing . also hideous bigots ?	0
i m just ready for thursday to see tom brady eat	1
unlucky wales . any news on the fitness of stoke s scrum halfs ahead of their game against arsenal on saturday ?	2
had the best idea for a hulk hogan photoshop . i really hope nobody else has the same idea by the time i finish work tomorrow .	1
what are the recommend settings for games like monster hunter portable rd hd ?	0
 st it was jay z s tidal now it s jay z is trying to part ways with tidal ! ! he need to help him with these investments	0
my professor just made a chuck norris joke am i in th grade or college i forgot	0
december amp will be the best two consecutive days ever . nxt takeover live in london and then star wars	1
donald trump is speaking here tomorrow so a bunch of gw students are going to protest and i m totally going who has sign rhyme ideas	2
tom brady on deflategate we have all lost in a facebook post friday night brady wrote he is s . . . nfl news	0
didn t you get slytherin in the harry potter museum ? you sat under the actual sorting hat . that s the official word .	0
i think the nd quarter passing will loosen things up for the run in second half . stoops gets conservative with the lead	0
when people come to your house on the th day of eid with a shadi ka card . . . . . .	0
 dixieyouthworldseries konner eaton had an amazing diving grab in center field to get the out for virginia prince george in the th .	1
was not the case . in fact st amp greatest spread of islam had no forced conversions .	0
gotta say did wow me saturday with david bowie very theatrical he let the song speak for itself i am now a fan of his d	1
alternative news black triangle sighting in tucson u c arizona on october th red circle with triangle cut . . .	0
you re going to ban straight to dvd disney movies ? aladdin jafar may need glasses or ? umm . . . hahahah familyguy	1
let u s just say u c i call it the casey u s trifecta . i u ll explain in homeroom tomorrow . . . .after i ask cory to homecoming lol	1
her is a chevy spark in dons favorite color . i may joke but this color sells out as soon as the dealer gets . . .	1
i cried when i passed by the arena with my summer camp cause of sam smith pcd ariana grande oct th	0
republican presidential candidate and wisconsin gov . scott walker declared on sunday that he was not . . .	0
where are you playing ? i m just leaving the uk for helsinki . for my opening at kiasma tomorrow night .	0
vanilla fudge chunks omfg . you may come to me	1
the girl with the birthday cake on her in the birthday song video . . can somebody bring her to my house thursday ?	1
lucy hale is trending worldwide ! the girls from prettylittleliars are getting some love from the fans tonight . congrats 	1
thank you to brenda may callander jp peter tanya i think briana zack austin andrew and i m thinking grandma . . .	1
looking forward to seeing the illegal eagles at dorking tomorrow night with lin amigo . best eagles tribute band around . illegaleagles	1
brain is fried . . . won u t turn off . . . feels like ground hog day . . . may need shock treatments to reboot ! ! !	2
looks interesting but i ve always ended up back on ios keyboard always glitches with ios rd party ones	0
with the passing of frank gifford let s remember what a positive leader he was amp appreciate every day ! the sun . . .	1
seth rollins would have been a great champion if he does all things whatever he says every monday night on raw in the middle of this ring	1
the metlife blimp was flying over starkville u c ms today . probably getting ready for the msu game saturday .	0
if ur going to lolla tomorrow and not seeing paul mccartney then u confuse me deeply	0
it s shrimp saturday all day ! ! cheer on the royals vs . the white sox tonight at pm . come on in for . . .	0
we covered nirvana s breed w and to end the u .s . cttm tour last sunday . watch 	0
cate blanchett was channelling her hollywood style as she flew out to la with her family on monday wearing a fedora hat and over sized	0
the furthest i can schedule my windows upgrade for is the rd . . looks like microsoft are dragging me in whether i like it or not haha	0
twitter on monday night was chockablock with people raging about bbc bias in the panorama hatchet job on labour s jeremy corbyn . 	1
know a little bit about live tv . .chris evans nd tfi friday is an outstanding production .	1
norman reedus has tweeted and posted on instagram happy tuesday . my life has just been made	1
it may look like a mainframe but it s anything but proprietary ! very cool ibm great time to be a partner highvail	1
i can u t wait to see the lakers tomorrow . . . .	1
in brownsville on the th floor of the project building stay dry my nigga	0
opening the fridge to a ginormous supply of red bull is a wicked way to start a friday ! me and red bull zero are going to be best friends .	1
calibraska will probably come out tonight instead of tomorrow	0
safe and sound at the hotel ! scotty passed out on the plane and had to get doctors and oxygen . practice tomorrow u c . . .	1
of others . . .jenelle may have made mistakes but she has time to change and be a better person . . .its too late for you . . .fuckhead	2
i miss sunday nights with and mob wives . vh tv bestprimetimelineup	0
on july th the trucks will make their debut at tony stewart s raceway eldora speedway ! whose looking forward to this race ?	0
no it ll launch with the new iphone on next friday not even coming friday because pre orders	0
due to nine weeks testing the pep rally will begin at tomorrow october . go vikings ! !	1
if i see zayn on sunday i think i will pass the fuck out !	0
lol . when i .got my moto g nd gen i got on a web address for found the type .of ph then in . . .	0
suffering for the greater god your kids may wonder why some christians suffer . they may be confused by the . . .	0
does still believe that ms . angela merkel is the real leader of the free world ? greeks may disagree	2
oh dear god i forgot about my ap bio test tomorrow and i hope curtis does too	0
islam is more than a religion . goodmorning may allah bless us all with imaan aameen keep remember allah .	1
in history we were talking about islam and then god and i just quietly sat there laughing	0
i may exit off twitter and fb and thug with instagram btw its blonde lifestyle insta	0
paul dunne looking to become the st irishman to win the silver medal as leading amateur at the open since a fella called rory mcilroy in 	0
listen to david bowie ! hes my savior . like honestly he will change ur life ever . i listened him st in nd grade amp ive nvr been the same	1
out ! monday night dinner with nit in a few . th 	1
dana white confirms cain vs werdum ii on the th of february las vegas	0
may be late to the ncs thing u c i honestly haven u t the foggiest where the central library is xd	2
chris hemsworth at lax october in my house ? ? ? on this day ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?	1
remind me to watch rock online on friday . . . ryan lochte is going to be on it 	0
ugh i finally got time to watch b st u s rd anniversary with eng sub and oh my god i love them i just can u t these dorks ksghskjfghksfjgsg	1
labor day weekend may be over but there s no reason why you can t continue the fun today at twisted oak tavern . . . .	1
gucci bags heart arcanum may crown the bipartite thine unit drag also so as to all for animated qznvguukz	0
iphone s launches tomorrow . as does the mahindra tuv . too tired to care . all the best kthxbye	0
i ve given it some thought over the holidays and think justin bieber may be cool now .	1
innovation for jobs is just around the corner to be exact next wednesday at	1
please change the th ww trend into niall and bianca yes much better !	1
harry redknapp is being heavily linked with the position as blackburn manager today . however u c qpr may have begun courting him already . . .	0
 hcafc loan keeper ben amos named in the england under s side to face azerbaijan next thursday and norway on sept .	0
simon s one enforced change sees alex smithies replace ian bennett it is his first start since bournemouth on april htafc	0
boehner tells obama that sorry the house is all booked up for sept maybe you can come another day . . .	2
then it goes into here comes the sun from my star george harrison	1
lol yep looks like it ! was after el clasico on sunday . i didn u t like her lol and this doesn u t look serious so i u m cool lol	0
london aug reuters british finance minister george osborne will take the government s campaign for reform of the european union to	0
just learned in muhi that thursday is based on mythology .thursday is named after thor . i will never think of this day the same . thorsday	1
final completed line up for today s bluebird sessions ! the foo fighters may have rescheduled their gig for tonight . . .	1
yes this is why atleti attack isn t so strong i m not saying rma attack isn t great . . .just not as you may think .	2
panellist from world bank presentating on understanding the potential for youth and women and wat may help guarantee success gcard c 	1
from facebook u c thursday is margarita day at sandy springs ! on the rocks or frozen u c for . ! nfl u c college football u c baseball n more ! . . .	0
won t be able to see s new video with skylynn until tomorrow now that i have to go to sleep cause i have stupid college tomorrow	2
 boom ! ! ! come party with the mb family next saturday night at sydney u s infamous red room ! nrl super rugby	0
 dailyrush because you haven t heard caitlyn jenner s doorbell since friday ding dong 	0
shame on you for calling this war on terror . . may allah destroy this nation who have taken arms against islam	2
jews christians hypocrites among the muslims may god either guide you or destroy you all .	2
y all may make fun of are we there yet ? but ice cube made that movie for his younger fans aka me mofucka cubehive	0
i ve been trying to watch game of thrones but i m only on the th episode of season fml	0
 third grade is the best . we started istep in rd grade ! ! my brother just said he likes istep . lolwtf	1
tomorrow s news heather mills says that paul mccartney plays the guitar left handed but still uses a right handed guitar .	0
august th rt can t wait to see the inbetweeners movie will has to be my favourite ! when s it out ?	1
ed sheeran catches his first ever baseball game at citi field the singer smiled with a former high school fri . . .	0
if i end up going to disneyland tomorrow i ll be the happiest girl on this planet	1
it s impossible to just listen to kendrick lamar s black friday just once i listen to it at least times in a row	1
that should be andy lee s rd punt today down inside the .	0
c u mon avila ! you just got tagged out by a guy who looks like the kid bill murray was researching in the royal tenenbaums ! tigers	0
glad tomorrow is my last day at the skate center . working one day a week is a joke ! lol . gottafindanewjob	1
bernie sanders may care about the issues but does he really understand them ? that is the question .	2
let s make sure our get to sxsw ! vote here by nov nd	1
i don t want october to go its been sucha good month the vampire diaries s taylor s album the pll halloween episode . wow !	1
boko haram new deadly attack nigeria warns us on monday august nigeria warned the united states and oth . . .	2
ps sat by roger johnson in restaurant and looks like he u s upped his drug abuse to crack judging by the look of him wwfc dohertyindisguise	2
jets selection of wesley walker nd round draft u c without knowing he was legally blind in left eye u c led to creation of nfl combine .	0
rehab update david wright flies out to rf again in the rd . mets	0
trent richardson has the browns out to a lead over the chargers on sunday .	0
netflix it is on this friday night .	0
looking better already now curtis is sat on the bench	1
hello its called dana white losing a massive amount of money because he put it all on ronda . people lost their shirts sat .	2
sam smith is singing the song for the new james bond . i think i may have fallen in love even more . spectre bond	1
scott walker wants a wall between usa and canada pull the ottawan . i ll have nunavat . yukon not be serious .	0
rt republicans thought they were smart to move obama s speech but he ll now have a bigger audience thurs . because he ll . . .	0
while we re on the topic . . . . j . cole gt kendrick as far as black friday is concerned . . . go debate ya fat aunt who only wears elastic pants	2
i have the big ipad i love it but for reading its too big my mini comes on friday	1
do you know if yall will be looking at hotel info for ed sheeran in houston on september rd ?	0
i may or may not want a mariah carey cake on my birthday . it ll be a surprise if i get one .	1
the graves are full with people who thought they would practise islam when older not even everyone is promised tomorrow realtalk	2
work almost over with then these negros won u t see my face till monday night !	2
carly fiorina may be moving up to the main debate stage thanks to this change	1
triple h was never ric flair s bitch . . . . . . . . . this sunday imma make you mines . to seth rollins lmao that was a great promo .	1
it is official the nasdaq market will be open in wednesday	0
times may turn over but a male is still a male lmao hey naruto said it not me	0
so disappointed with the movie ghost rider spirit of vengeance . so not better than the st ghost rider movie	2
being in amsterdam this early on a friday morning is not my ideal u c i just want to get home !	2
new pics divine saturday cafe asia hosted by nba s josh howard ! one thing about it the ladies love satur . . .	1
 th hats in the last verse of bad blood are soooo sick	0
gucci bags jiva prospects january generate the distich yours persona on speaking terms subtraction until for i . . .	0
i feel bad for the ppl that have to take the act tomorrow	2
hey friends dst ends sunday . just giving you a heads up to set your clocks back hr before bed saturday evening . 	1
i wanna get an apple watch for my th and i will get one or i mma be pissed the hell off lol	1
 wp may i present to you the th episode of vahalla s weekly wars with our special main event john cena v . . .	0
dr . going to see lot of people of stomach pain due to yakub s hanging tomorrow	2
cheers but no luck needed with d nd one u c i got a supply of rohypnol ladieshereicome	1
caltrain just can u t catch a break . mt about a .m . train struck a female on the train tracks south of th street	2
napoleon dynamite in the morning good way to start of my sunday lol	1
be sure to look for nash s new video with skylynn tomorrow nashnewvideo love you	1
wish i could be at the zac brown band concert tonight but my boss wouldn t give me the day off tomorrow ! labor day means work day at walmart	0
could have gotten ugly for morgan in st after first red sox hitters reached . but he only allows run to score . struck out ortiz looking .	0
driving west towards banff as the sun sets on the mountains . it u s comforting to see those hills again . home	1
worked long and hard tonight ahead of an intense all day coaching session coming up this saturday with rik johnson and david wright !	1
kick off your weekend with service ! ev ! u s get on the bus trip to the boys girls club is friday from ! hope to see you there 	1
chapman throws his mph knuckleball striking out the al to end the th but ryan braun comes back with a triple for the nl and scores	0
i might have forgotten that i m going to see foo fighters on monday	0
 kca votejkt id millkesmoov i went viral lip syncing in the car to beyonce on her birthday . . . happy friday !	1
kyocera launches speakerless phone uses vibrations to transmit sound to the ear computerworld share with fri . . .	0
the numeracy map just fits into an iphone bringing it alive digitally ! search the appstore st level free .	1
oh look it s monday oh look no teen wolf	2
amazon prime day sales up per cent on black friday amazon has detailed its plans to make prime day an annu . . .	1
got u a lot of stuff u will love it i may or may not have bought u john cena merch and stuff	1
alert st finish internal enemies im simi cpi ml with free hand to ib nsg nia . learn from indian history .	0
juventus could close the deal for draxler tonight or tomorrow . juve amp schalke will now talk about the method of payment . di marzio 	1
in october kunle afolayan delivered what s arguably the best film out of nollywood yet . am telling u . . .no doubt	1
theresa may is the tory leader labour should fear	2
drake didn u t drop any new shit in october . cried this morning when he realized	2
will be at manly market mittagong on saturday . crows nest fair and kiama market sunday . hope to see you there	0
today is august meaning has otra today and i hope she has the bestest time ever and that niall wears this	1
hey folks you will find me doing some kahuna mini bodywork sessions amp a min yoga sesh here on saturday th . . .	0
tomorrow s breakfast serial suggestion . george harison was a beatle so was paul mccartney so how about my love ! ! ! !	0
carly fiorina said in an interview saturday that she and other female candidates for office owe hillary . . .	0
so not only is it national hot dog day on thursday its also national tequila day on friday ! ! ! ! fancy that . . . . .	1
peace love and pancakes starts tomorrow morning ! ! be there or else no pancakes for you	1
new haven ct ! come to the teen center and party with us august st and help us end the coming alive tour with a bang ! 	1
celebrating the memories of a man who graced us with his knowledge and passion for the game every monday night rip frank gifford . pro nfl	1
if selena will release the single next monday with taylor s new song she can kiss on itunes goodbye	2
this war of mine the little ones is coming to ps and xb in january ! watch the trailer 	0
only rapper out there who could really fuck with a kendrick instrumental . respect !	0
i m getting the same . i heard that thor may have gone to canberra . not sure about the others .	0
was searching for cyberpunk style movies i may not have seen and found one called nirvana w christopher lambert . it s weird i like it .	1
god bless angela merkel and the people of germany . . . leading the way . may the uk government follow their example	1
photo cyborg calls out rousey how about april ? 	0
mobile news appyea prepping new mobile app for apple watch on tuesday morning mmw was briefed by the crew at ap . . .	0
at least sony will probably be selling it for cheap come black friday .	0
zlatan has never done it on a wet tuesday night at stoke tbh	0
so glad i got to meet you in the flesh last friday for soundboard !	1
we are in search for card section manager in muscat u c oman . if interested you may apply 	0
justin was the rd person i tried getting today show fan passes for and didn t get i have no luck lol	0
somehow i ve ended up watching all the twilight movies again . the first is entertaining the nd super boring and the rd was just meh	0
regretting not going to fleetwood mac in june	0
finishing up the fec pprwrk for rd quarter . tonite mcdcc n kingman w guest speaker fri bhc forum sat . tucson pride day speech	0
iebc warns it will revert to manual voter registration if bvr kits delay u c says poll timetable may change .	2
i can t wait tomorrow is the big day undertaker vs brock lesnar for the last time ever ! ! wwe summerslam	1
friday s frock is irie s thunderbolt dress by glam ! this adorable dress can be worn now with boots now buy one . . .	1
yes ! ! i do love a bit of zac brown band on my sunday lt thank you so much 	1
anderson takes a toilet break . he s up sets but doesn t really have the momentum . murray finished nd set stronger .	0
e l james u writing caliber is that of a nd grader . throw in some bondage though and you u ve got a best seller	1
we adore kane for being nd top scorer he was nd top assister	1
first day of senior year tomorrow . . .im gonna wear my jurassic park shirt	1
david wright hit a homer tonight but that s irrelevant because i will be fulfilling my david wright taco bet at dolothrodo this saturday	0
saturday kitchen u c rick stein u c makes me want to move to australia	0
rumor is john cena is fighting in the wwe super slam this sunday night just . 	0
wade miley tagged for five earned runs tuesday against the white sox boston starter wade miley surrendered f . . .	0
phillies at red sox is still going into the top th . under could just land here . see it out boston !	0
so excited for new thor on wednesday . i just finished last run and it s been so wonderful .	1
today s google offer in seattle up to off at the seattle aquarium	0
just tickets go on sale tomorrow via ticketek .	0
knott s doesn t have a corporate media empire like universal does . they may just add more stuff to the hanging now	2
am i the only one who doesn t care that floyd mayweather is fighting again on september th against andre berto . . . .	2
with frank gifford s passing keith jackson is the lone survivor of the original monday night football telecasters	0
david price the anti kessel . my column steve simmons	0
my old building was blown up by the ira . on the th anniversary they called in a bomb in a bin outside .	2
did you see the friday night lights spoof that amy schumer did ? she had that glass straight slurping chardonnay .	0
runners on nd and rd with one out for david wright .	0
mandy carter will be at bgsu talking social justice ! you don u t want to miss this next thursday . . at pm . . in ba 	1
grammy award winner sam smith confirmed on tuesday he will sing the theme for the next james bond movie .	0
and argentina say messi does nothing for the national team ? ? ! that goal was just magical messi time as usual c mon ! xd	1
magic mike xxl is so muj better than the st one lol	1
saturday i buy my ticket for the tmhtour in belgium ! i u m so happy ! 	1
 his family has done it with humans . .all i want to bowbow is . . rahul gandhi may try to divide us on breed lines now .	0
gucci raft inner self brass june dramatize the pair thy exceptional in link to with intense wuqdomjly	0
janet jackson opens her tour rogers arena on aug spin magazine just released a sample of her latest single single	0
bentley got a fat ass like nicki minaj and hair as golden as the sun	0
the first time i ever watched shawn on tv was on michael and kelly and now he s gonna be on the show tomorrow i m emotional	1
it u s tuesday . pm . i turn to abc family and it makes me sad to see there u s no pretty little liars countingdown jan pllfanproblems	2
just like the sun and the stars and the sea u ctrue love will go on through eternity .sweetheart you are my super star .kisses u cstar	1
ima walk into class tomorrow like ice cube did to his auntie house in straight outta compton with a binder and all kinds of notebooks .	0
he was like the sun the flowers and the moon . bob dylan on george harrison it seems that my post has . . .	1
how i feel about frank ocean not releasing his album and it s already august th	0
lmao no nigga on nfl fantasy i got pretty good team ill show you tomorrow	1
may allah azwajal bless . you and your generations past and future . . wouldn t you agree islam is a religion of thinkers ?	1
dear march u c i u m gonna live my life no matter what we party tonight cause its national bieber day y 	1
you really want to go there ? he had a gr milan team from to . he finished st nd and nd to a team that was relegated . .	0
rt were is the profile happy friday everyone tha carter iv shedidntcallbecause	0
only way the blue jays magic number can crop tomorrow is if white sox beat the twins	0
ufo sighting black triangle sighting in perryton u c texas on october th black object that obscured the s . . .	0
its the th ! happy swift day ! ! ! 	1
nov th in natchitoches u c la . ya boy putting da belt on da line . it u s going down . i want my people to be there . . . get at me ! ! ! whoopwhoop ! !	1
holly holm is forgiven . dana white and the fertittas pictured right now . . .	0
gonna write this paper tonight u c turn it in u c and not look back at it because i get to go home tomorrow so idc .	0
luiz adriano shakhtar scores his th goal of the evening and equals messi s record of most goals by a single player in a ucl match	0
yoga before the sun is up . hopefully i can get this going everyday . i m too much of a night owl for this shit	2
actually today was very usefull ! i love friday !rest day in iran	1
 nw pgachamp wrap it ll be golf s best feel good story if dustin johnson earns redemption amp wins st major after all his past heartbreak	0
semi finals u c then championship game tomorrow if we make it that far u c we will	1
kobe bryant scored points in st minutes before taking a rest . by the time he returned with left in half jazz had built lead	0
i just sat through kanye west s mtv speech what the fuck was that . . .	2
haah wednesday is the old english for odin it didn t come from christians	0
monday night raw should be good tonight i wonder will sting show up or if brock lesnar will be there	1
envy everyone going to the big bang shows tomorrow and saturday . 	0
the tenerife vs . barca femeni game has commenced . jenni hermoso scored for barca in the th minute . tenerife barca . fcblive	1
us expands ebola screenings at airports an official of the white house said on fri . . .	0
i just found the teddy bear i got from this kid on valentine s day in th grade lmfaoo	1
i think chris tucker and ice cube should really make another friday ! ! ! gt gt gt i know right	0
lovely event thursday at the creative alliance congrats !	1
we need to reach the speed of light we may need hannibal s help	0
ep can be pre ordered . ships on oct . . songs are from mj bee gees ed sheeran the darkness and someone else i think	0
i see the bbc s try of the week was scored by wigan v catalonia dragons last saturday at the den . . . . . theatreofdreams	0
tomorrow consists of going to the bank collecting my eeg results and going to the cinema to watch ted 	0
rumor roundup aug . raw tonight wrestlemania sting return divas revolution more ! via	1
oooh yha and the dmc and a ap rocky one is th	1
brian c . eury want to go see star wars at midnight in december when it comes out and wear one of these ?	1
sorry am rubbish at posting links . google spike s disease border terrier and it will come up . ours st signs were at around .	2
oh that u s right duels are tomorrow ha good luck to you and will	1
the new iphone is announced tomorrow . i already want it	1
i worry about this huge update download tomorrow because my internet has been super sketchy latley . ps may be going to work with me . lolz !	2
carvel ice cream is celebrating national ice cream day sunday july with buy one get one soft serve ones . . . .	1
chris evans is going to new orleans wizard world in jan amp i just found out today i m so upset	2
albion write off nottingham loss plymouth albion winger jack arnott says the club will write off saturday s . . .	0
i m going to cali for disneyland on tuesday i don t think i can handle being this excited	1
zayn may have left the band but i will still support him no matter what cs hes still the d zayn i love and i always will	1
rt damn . who becomes the rd back ajayi ? rt boise state rb malcolm johnson tore acl in practice yesterday .	0
wow ! thank you tanduay may replay ang tanduayrockfest sa abs cbn . you u re the best rock on pilipinas !	1
i want dunkin so bad i don t think i can wait until tomorrow .	1
ben sollee with luke and jordan lit up the cactus cafe last night . can t wait to see them gsdm tomorrow .	1
capricorn rules the th zodiac house in sidereal astrology . practical . leaders . make things happen . . managers .	0
eastbound for the arsenal game tomorrow	0
first kim kardashian tries to break the internet and now this !the year old reality star launched her emoji app kimoji on monday and	1
maude barlow to speak in toronto on may ! anyone from toronto going ?	0
good analysis will watch the vid tomorrow . i hope so . i definitely think it s the right move alonso or not .	1
jason aldean isn t going to play texas was you thursday night and i can honestly say i m upset about it	0
cole and kendrick did with the black friday track .	1
hello gary did ent realise you where on bbc radio newcastle on a mon night i love the show and the songs you on every mon	1
i moved in on friday and i ve already watched all of game of thrones on the tv	1
what do the white sox have to focus on in the offseason ? catcher ? pitcher ? rd base ? new coach ?	0
realistically imagine being bobby jindal and suddenly doing really well in the polls and jumping from th to like th place . victory ?	0
how i m looking at life rn big brother is on tonight and sunday bachelor in paradise is on saturday and sunday . allilivefor	1
today s a great day to splurge on an awesome bottle of hollywood tans lotion with our treat your tuesday daily special ! call . . .	1
may i also remind you milan was one the original clubs punished in the scandle	2
im promoting the hell out of calibraska tomorrow . we are getting jack and jack to 	0
so chris evans amp robert downey jr are on jimmykimmel tomorrow night ! i expect the civilwar trailer to drop or an announcement cap marvel	0
come on win users just to screw with apple s statistics let s stream their live event from the edge browser 	2
ryan braun gives the brewers an early lead with a solo hr to left in the st . crew over the reds	0
who remembers the song friday by rebecca black	0
bold prediction ! i think tim howard is gonna get the hattie tomorrow . long range effort goals	0
vice president biden who is contemplating a presidential bid on monday kicked off a labor day parade in pittsburgh with a fiery 	1
i met you in lax in august i ve been trying to get a follow from you since i met u follow me pls ?	1
wto members meeting as the general council on october have agreed to laos joining the organization . . .	0
yoga is still on for tonight monday september th with vicky and again on wednesday at with lydia . . . .	0
since midnight memories i knew that zayn will be the st to left i watched almost all of their performance amp zayn is not that into them .	0
come sunday at summerslam do you see seth rollins as the man who john cena beats to become the th time world heavy weight champion ?	0
jordan jefferson just got out of jail . . . i may go to jail if i ever run into that smacked ass retard	2
next wednesday going to the disney one . no chance avril will go to the universal night wimp	2
here are the official settings for gears for july st . execution maps checkout no swaps u c clocktower swap out boom for digger and	0
 . actually steven hawking mentioned this . . .no lie . he said zayn never left d . . .he s in a parallel universe .	0
floyd mayweather still on on the th of september ? with who ?	0
had a very interesting day ! loved sir paul mccartney live at lollapalooza thanks to a friend s link on facebook ! night ! cya tomorrow !	1
brook lopez scored points in the nd quarter and was featured by nets . joe johnson was absent u c but should play in nd half . nets nba	0
many christians will not finish this video but it s truth . the book of st john is very informative on the . . .	0
john kasich with the goal posts gesture needs to be on front pages tomorrow . it s a gift . make me proud headline writers .	1
hey there my bro may you help shed like on the presidency issue in your country .what s going on re uhuru kenyatta and ruto ?	1
arsenal fc vs manchester united a close contest or not ? saturday at old trafford will see the g . . . afc arsenal	0
josh hamilton run blast ! rangers lead the giants in the th ! nevereverquit	1
the uncut ultimate music guide dedicated to fleetwood mac on sale in the uk on thursday sept read more at . . .	0
i have a whole day of history gcse tomorrow great !	1
i have bought moto g rd gen it has a gsm and a lte micro sim slot i put my primary number in the gsm slot 	0
michael douglas may not be coming back for another marvel film . . .he did so good in ant man though	1
yayyy ! ! ! rt nicki minaj pink friday up places to on the official uk top 	1
no knicks tonight u c this makes me upset enough that i haven u t tweeted about it u c you know shits gotta be real smh tomorrow night u c knicks heat	2
buy a dg membership between nov and and you could win tickets to ballet west s the nutcracker !	1
suge is right that movie is exaggerated . it s almost like ice cube wrote the screenplay just like he wrote friday by himself .	2
staying up watch the anderson v murray match was so worth it . only missed some of the th set when my eyes couldn t anymore !	1
before the mll championship this saturday rolling stone wrote up this feature on paul rabil and rob pannell . . .	0
my niece has a project due on the washington monument next friday	0
rotfl my stomach hurts man . damn ! what a dim wit you are ! google kids cash u c may be you will understand . what am i thinking ! lol	0
did you know that david cameron was trending topic on thursday for hours in sheffield ? trndnl	0
it is an insanely good treat to be bringing destructo popscene thu u c may . destructo u c the mastermind of hard . . .	1
i may ask my doctor for ambien on election night . i u d rather sleep through it and hope i wake up to footage of mitt crying over his loss .	2
going to a bulls game with aaliyah hope next thursday	0
after careful bar calculations and algorithms plus some algebra i have determined that the vikings will lose sunday .	0
donald trump for president . . . because if the gop was going to be the butt of jokes anyway they may as well embrace the roll .	2
he also screwed john cena out of the title with a chair shot !	1
i may have to change my mind about musicals david bowie to write songs for spongebob squarepants musical	0
a man was arrested sunday in connection with a shooting at the venice beach boardwalk that left one man dead a . . .	2
literally planning to go to the movies just so i can see the dell commercial and scream its jack and jack ! buy calibraska on the th ! !	1
the anti semitism the misogyny and the support for ira and islamist terrorism . jez nastyparty	2
in a village in the northeast of the country on tuesday suspected boko haram militants burned down houses . . .	2
game of thrones without the sex boobs badassness knights prostitutes women and a lot more netflix is basically my friday evening .	1
wear your most verdacious attire with pride tomorrow celebrate go green day gogreenday	1
capello i u ll tweak lineup for azerbaijan game coach fabio capello said monday he will tweak the russian lineup . . .	0
r you drunk ?how is yakub innocent ? st time dissapointed by you	2
eddie lacy and also definitely take justin forsett if he s available in the third round along with devantae adams if he s there in the th .	0
scriptures in islamic text suggests allah in islam may be satan . when compared to the bible though its purely hypothetical .	2
france is israel s largest source of aliyah for nd straight year for the second consecutive year france is . . .	2
the veto comp tmrw may be one of the best ever in the history of big brother . bb 	1
i really thought hisd didn u t have school tomorrow because it was christopher columbus day .	2
you may think your the biggest sos fan but the fact is that niall is dragmedownpromo	0
madrid and barca run the la liga not a chance ddg won t be a madrid player by tomorrow .	0
i wonder is sunday oliseh at wembley to scout players for the super eagles ? 	0
confusion clouds saudi arabia s anti isil coalition some key members of the nation anti isil coalition ann . . .	0
they were talking about the teen awards on sunday and they mentioned ashton being sick 	2
the struggle and grind came heavy and high but god does it feel so damn good to know that bachelor s degree is mine in december .	1
seriously loving how to get away with murder ! i need abc to let me watch episode and now so that i can catch up for next thursday !	1
hahahhah u c yeah . he u ll burn the shyte ouuta you . truust me . jacob . ima getchu tomorrow .	0
yes ! i always wanted to know the meaning of seth rollins tattoo .	0
threatening to send the ira is like the irish kid s equivalent of telling people not to come to school tomorrow	0
city game at the ravens stadium saturday at noon dollars to get in i will be there who else going ?	0
the bullshifter saw my father march with martin luther king then did not see it w my own eyes .	0
super eagles coach sunday oliseh says that the team is not formidable but believed that it needs time for it to . . .	0
just took way too many pictures of niall on saturday but that s not a surprise	0
i u m going to stephen kellogg and the sixers at rex theatre in pittsburgh u c pa oct 	0
scared if exo disperse sometimes . alrdy th years since i was on kpop . but now i realized that this time is the hardest time i ve ever done .	0
kim kardashian now has her own emojis taylor swift may be the most followed person on instagram but . . . 	1
perfect for the week that contained international talk like a pirate day th . . . arrrghhhhhh ! ! ! ! x	1
might be getting a little excited about seeing foo fighters on saturday . rock	1
i have castle crashers on but on xbox one it ll be free for me so yeah i m getting it wednesday	1
ni as in paris encore u c mosh pits u c it u s too far away to see b u c but the nd pit failed because of b u s security !	2
the minisuit sporty armband lets you carry your iphone and your keys while working out apple watch may be a . . .	1
come and see sophos at stand c and c on tuesday wednesday or thursday at infosec and learn more about complete security 	0
the boys have this christmas concert in san jose in dec . that i might go to . . .i feel like zayn will be back in the band by then	1
see you saturday got to tell you i have a soft spot for the royals after how they have played the post season	1
 mentiondateiwillneverforget . . the saturday of the strawberry festival u c which i think was 	0
jordan rhodes was not jeered last night like this bellend in the sun is reporting ! ! !	2
look s like we can t make a dunkin run in the morning . . . we can t be late to fopp s tomorrow or we ll get a referral	0
tonight at home vs summersville ! good luck to our boys . play with the same fire you ended with saturday against thayer amp alton lovemyealges	1
germany refusing to bail out italy source polizeros .com saturday august zero hedge it just went f . . .	0
morning people . . .let s kick start this monday with this as we have independence day party on saturday .	1
they may be mean but i guess they re not stupid . . .free ted but you have to pay for amy schumer most unimpressed .	2
just caught up on tuesday nights accused was quality in the last two . all have been quality jimmy mcgovern great writer	1
miley cyrus with employee of hollywood tans th walnut after tanning there wednesday night .	0
we look forward to joining us in milan on jan to talk about nato china and russia in the middleeast etfsconference	0
joe biden s wife may share his misgivings about another race the times of india	0
when you were with jessica after the game last friday haha i was there waiting for you to say wassup hahaa	0
 cardinals make up for lousy pass d with tough run defense . they are rd in nfl allowing . rushing yards per game .	0
 asimplelife opens tomorrow at lee u s star in san fran roger ebert called it one of the year u s best films 	0
which part ? seriously ? glad to know my gala isnt on the th . . . .but sucks to hear its going to be in denominations	2
white sox fan finds a sneaky way to stick it to the cubs chicago sun times	0
who s going to zac brown band this sunday ? ?	0
its november already . . christmas will be here soon u c then new year u c then valentine u s day then graduation ? ! ? !	0
wow ! kris bryant ! mlb a double wow at matt harvey ! sac up ! you may never be in the playoffs again smh cubs mets	1
a player appearance will be taking place tomorrow at westfield parramatta . all the details are here gowanderers	0
does lexus truck monday mean you got a lexus this monday ?	1
the nd half of the opening round big soccer championship game between wvu and tcu is underway . minutes to go for wvu to score a goal	0
i swear if everyone goes to this party saturday its going to be the new u c project x !	0
reminder madonna s show originally scheduled for wed has been rescheduled to . original tickets will be honored at the new date .	0
did a decision by tob cost ncsu the win and their streak against unc find out on the new podcast tomorrow !	0
so iron maiden will be playing dates in the us in march . . . let s hope it s somewhere within a few hours .	1
gunners want real madrid midfielder ? tuesday s arsenal gossip round up	0
the word connotes will be one of the most searched for words on google tomorrow . lateshow	0
thursday and yea g i m ice cube real son have you not seen my twitter page	0
no surprise dustin johnson had a strong st rd thursday at pga championship . can he sustain it through weekend ?	1
 prashant kishore may be a chanakya but not capable enough make a leader like rahul gandhi the pm of this great country .	0
 rangers up in the th . that s what you get for booing josh hamilton . angels	0
seems like may have bit off more than they could chew with the state of w mobile and core apps on mobile amp pc .	2
this is impressive rt dwayne allen destroyed brian cushing on the st down run . such a complete te .	1
sting dudley boyz and david wright all returned tonight what a way to start the week . raw mets monday	1
so kc chesney rocked it on saturday and his twin ck knaus won big on sunday . they should go celebrate on an island somewhere .	1
can you react to both kendrick lamar s and j . cole s black friday songs ?	0
aug hero and the terror starring chuck norris and the late steve james was released . todayinactionhistory	0
get to see my big sis sunday and watch the packers game ! missher	1
tomorrow im going to see magic mike xxl with my sis	1
kainis ! bukas na pala first day ng secret love sungkyunkwan scandal sa abs cbn . eh may pasok kami bukas . diaje naman oh !	0
kim hyung jun football team the nd a match at yeongdeungpo gu daerimdong . . credit tlsxhah 	0
traded in the new computer to get an ipad . uncle tells me new ipad will be announced tomorrow so prices should drop .	1
may the merciful lord give them victory over d boko haram the murderers	0
iaaf world champs super sunday bpl la liga federer vs djojk cincy final . best sporting day for ages .	0
 nacamam you have to try skywalk deli on the nd floor of the comerica building on monroe ! bestlunche	1
it looks like my brother is going to see a ap rocky tomorrow sigh his life needs to stop being significantly better than mine	1
myb get able for a crimson debut with their nd symbol teaser ! oh ! kpop stars celebrity news . . .	1
lavalantula is genuinely better than pixels . i have laughed so may more times and not at it but with it . the guy from sharknado showed up	1
what are you doing this thursday night ? want to find your true self ? zen out and reach nirvana with a little free . . .	0
it was funny though p the nd thing i laughed at on eid .	1
there is no crisis in turkey erdogan managed the politics and take to elections st nov . democracy works . .	0
however i hope you bring witsel amp soriano in january for their loyalty they also tried until the end for milan ! i wish that	0
i think dark souls is made of crack . i have to kill the no story series and start a new series for monday .	2
see this is my struggle . don t give me a valentine s day gift as a present my birthday is the th not the th	2
got a spare ticket to warners at the bay beer fest tomorrow . let me know ?	0
kris bryant will make october th come faster don t worry everyone .	1
i believe i just got ur msg . so chill out . . . . splash dance happens every thurs night at surrender . its a pretty good party	1
nine goa congress legislators want to join us bjp panaji u c oct goa u s ruling bharatiya janata party bjp to . . .	1
monday s poppik bestfriend . get the poppik app for apple watch . applewatch iwatch wearables showyourpoppik	1
 polygon deadpool comes to ps xbox one in november deadpool the over the top adaptation of marvel comics . . .	0
liam and niall at the u .s . open september s 	0
sorry internet i may not be as available as usual today on account of there s a new iron maiden song out so you re on your own for a bit .	0
and may have hand picked but and sting is right rollins is not half the man hhh is . raw	1
seeing everyone s posts at the mid state fair getting for jason aldean is making me so excited for tomorrow 	1
it s sunday guess i should be prepared for christians tweets the whole day .	0
curtis recovers opening nd half kickoff . st . paul s hold them to a field goal . . curtis . left in the rd	0
is there going to be a bernie sanders rally at woodruff park on th ?	0
want to find out more about how eid al fitr is celebrated around the world ? join us in the pg hub tomorrow !	0
 wyndham championship tee times pairings for sunday s round in greensboro tiger woods was bounced from the sunday final pairin . . .	0
may we remind folks national hot dog day is coming up on july rd blowout specials that day ! foodporn nomnom	1
lucky shops are coming to nyc ! the sale of the season hosted by lucky magazine with grammy winner jennifer hudson u c starts november . . .	1
good morning everyone after hrs of sleep we are back on the road to eldora ! ! fastrak racing series at eldora speedway for k saturday ! !	0
now let s go from milan to bologna tomorrow i m going to shop accessories for my shop and almost not for myself 	1
happy to know that delhi police had found today the missing girl from india gate on sept 	1
i d love to be here and keep rolling on the floor laughing about john cena . . . but my driving test is tomorrow so a wwe network replay it is .	1
kung fu panda in d d both with indonesian subtitles tentatively scheduled to open on tues august	0
i know its late but i still havent watched annabelle and im planning to watch it tomorrow so i can celebrate bc this sem is oved haha	1
up to the th episode of true blood nd season . it gets better better .	1
michael jackson hollywood tonight	0
i want you to cover let u s stay together by al green on saturday u c just because city pages warranted it .	0
i looked it up online george harrison died on november th i didn t know	0
premier league u c championship fa cup action this weekend . i u ve spent the last couple hours putting a treble together ! will post tomorrow !	0
jason aaron certainly has a thing for nihilistic annihilators . . . st thor s gorr the god butcher amp now dr strange s magic killing empirikul .	0
i like this outfit so much i want to wear it tomorrow instead of dressing up for america day .	1
super eagles coach sunday oliseh invites for tanzania see full list head coach of the super eagles sun . . .	0
this may be a bit technical but hedley if you tell me to shut my mouth exactly how re you gunna kiss me inside out ? i m confused so gnight	2
 friendly open pad at venice beach on the th hmu .	1
tomorrow better be a busy day or expect kane to be fucked half way through .	2
rt boehner wants president to change speech to thurs instead of going against gop debate . what ? same time as packers . . .	2
so its old story haunting rahul gandhi with a new twist	0
also the highlight of the open was paul dunne s rd round and the rugby fields beside the th hole .	0
hungry russians may buy more us food with wto forcing tariff rollback . details at no longer poking fingers at us .	0
i ordered it from amazon should have it by friday .	1
yes i bought the th anniversary edition of twilight where she rewrote the book with the genders of all of the characters flipped . . .	1
harper upset with fans when runs out every routine grounder to nd then he can complain about the fans	0
oct wulords performing live ! ! frankie s in squirrel hill . if you love hip hop you gotta be there ! the saga continues . . .	1
hof president frank gifford built the game the passing of frank gifford cast a cloud over sunday s proceed . . .	2
rt boise state chattanooga embry riddle and virginia tech receive their charters tonight congrats and welcome gentleme . . .	1
dallas defense has played good actually . and cuse was down in the rd last night and won so	1
liam and woody on set of bywayofhelena at florewood state park in greenwood the october th .	0
this may be the one time i m disappointed ye is performing at a show on such short notice . . .thanks a lot frank ocean .	0
amateurs performing well everywhere ! ! paul dunne leading the open and robbie shelton in rd at the barbasol . good stuff .	1
caitlyn jenner may face manslaughter charge ? ! i guess i don t get it . i mean sure her transition was intentional but bruce is still alive . . .	2
down to at the final table . merson and sylvia . no shame for the kid balsiger . rd place and . million is great for the yr old .	1
just did the math and realized that i get to see david price pitch live next sunday . cool ! bluejays	1
fairfax on the rd is still happening right ? !	0
wee movie day . .war of the worlds day after tomorrow independence day ponyo totoro and few more added in for good taste	1
first hours in london got given a free rail card u c saw squirrels going to work u c may have found a home there u s big alan rickman posters	0
i m so excited for the august th chicago show and to hear calibraska live oh my goodness	1
selling a jason aldean ticket for this friday ! ! text me if you re interested	0
any truth in this interview with harry redknapp tomorrow ?	0
where is the th coming from ? oklahoma ? clemson ? i see sec going to before .	0
i wanna go to the pool tomorrowcome to knollwood	1
i get to see ces tomorrow ! ! ! ! ! best news since the hurricane . he better not forget his flashlight !	1
this looks interesting . . .and you can sign in with your google account sat practice on khan academy via	1
 rangers the unbeatable andrew miller . . .blows up in the th ! josh hamilton walks it off with a out knock . .yankees lose	1
mamata asks parties to oppose cooking gas cylinder price hike kolkata u c nov ians in the wake of yet another . . .	0
charlie hebdo may quite rightly enjoy freedom of speech but to mock the deaths of over people ? i think they have crossed a line	2
frank gifford may have not been the most skilled game caller and he didnt have to be in man booth but always brought elegance to tv sports	1
don t care tom brady and the patriots organization are cheaters !	2
michael brantley hit his th home run of the season in a loss against the white sox on tuesday . indians	0
my ye eh is coming down from prince george tomorrow ! ! grandfather i hope . let s see if he sticks to his words this time .	1
uprising muse format mp download release date july download . visit the hot new releases . . .	0
the winner of tomorrow s game ? john cena	1
i wonder if kerry thinks people who kill abortion doctors have the same legitimacy as charlie hebdo terrorists .	2
so glad that the classical brit awards are on itv on sunday have set the record button just in case i forget to watch .	1
i u m ready to be done with this sat crap so i can go back to my grey u s anatomy marathons with	0
wacky wednesday on threshold . i have a feeling all sorts of awesome stuff is going to happen today on threshold . . . .	1
 soccer la liga barca and betis march on malaga held real betis moved up to fourth in the ta . . . soccernet espn	0
video tiger woods carded a on the par th here s the shot carnage around the green	2
 . live webcast tomorrow pmet with former secretary gen . kofi annan fpannan	0
aug greensboro nc usa tiger woods putts on the th green during yesterday s third round of the . . .	1
keen to catch up with the boks ? they ll train at orlando stadium from . on thursday and the session is open to the public	0
tomorrow you re gonna hear harry s becoming the next james arthur niall will be into irish dance training louis will be a judge on xf 	1
ian going to the game u c that u s a waste of money because rosedale gone demolish us st quater fact	2
we dont care about carling cup ! save it for looserpool ! yeah we lose also i wont be crying all night long on wednesday night !	2
i love modern dance at the uofu but watching nutcracker at home made me miss ballet . still stoked to see ballet west on friday ! ! !	1
tennis tough tests from the start for federer murray new york aug reuters roger federer and andy mur . . .	1
but it s nothing that families lost their family members because of yakub .	2
yakub got bad unfair sentence due to rd rate prosecutor not telling court about his crucial cooperation .	0
i u m going to the xx at rialto theatre in tucson u c az feb 	0
 greta gopdebate carly won it and bobby jindal definitely placed nd .	1
i could stop by dunkin tomorrow want anything	1
ffs . he s probably sat crying in to his real madrid shirt with samba on the back asking where it all went wrong .	2
may th is the day of truth for chris evans	0
tsipras resigns as greek pm after month stint working for the brookings institute probable election date sep th	0
with love in my heart for the fathers in israel may i suggest specific ways that fathers can give spiritual . . .	1
we know all you patriots fans are psyched tom brady s suspension has been dropped ! so join us next thursday . . .	1
very excited about this tuesday night free iced coffee and smoothies courtesy of dunkin donuts will be there set up .	1
 hellokarachi eidmubarak which food would you prefer to eat on eid rd day ?	0
china to open cultural centre in nepal kathmandu u c nov ians china is going to open a cultural cen . . .	0
no u c you u ll play a cute th ranked team in the sugar bowl havefun	1
see what max hastings was trying say with boris bikes comment just wish he d said cycle super highways instead !	1
but hillary may go to jail for using her private email to break the law .	2
the only reason i m going to school tomorrow is bc i can t fail nicki	0
dm me your number and i u ll send you a pic of the dress i u m wearing wednesday . it u s perfect for being the black dahlia . 	1
perry morgan state is beating howard u c at the end of the st quarter of howard u s homecoming football game .	0
carly fiorina unlike hillary clinton i didn t do photo ops with world leaders washington times	0
white sox eager to keep offense clicking entering saturday s victory over the mariners the white sox off . . .	0
i think i may have a heart attack for jason wu u s new collection . so charlotte rampling in the night	1
by iain rogers madrid sept reuters real madrid fans watching gareth bale driving wales almost single handedly to the brink of their	0
please ts . don t make me dislike hyung jun just like how i dislike some of you 	2
liverpool flop mario balotelli delivers remarkable real madrid snub with barcelona joke mar . . . ff	0
good morning ! nd day of my two day work week and then more travel tomorrow ! and it s apple event day ! yay !	1
remember that time that mellie had americas baby nd season ? why isn t there a toddler running around the white house ? scandal	0
pretty sure he u s a smarty pants lawyer and not at all new to christianity or christmas for that matter . it u s the th . dumbass	2
 dm me the st thing that comes to ur head ! when u hear some say one direction u c harry u clouis u czayn u cniall or liam the boys	0
the st day i ever watched a kidrauhl videothe one of u singing in the mirror believe i thought u were adorable u still r 	1
saudi arabia is the th largest country on earth .	1
patiently waiting for a nd allstar season of big brother . c monnnn ! consider it for bb please amp thank you bb 	1
kim may have broken the internet with her body . . .but kanye west just broke twitter with his speech . kanyeforpresident vmas	0
tomorrow im either gonna look like a crippled redneck or a drunk idiot on st . patty s day . regular costumes just don t cut it	2
pretty sure i m going to be the only person at this jason aldean concert tomorrow who s not wearing boots or a flannel . amp i m okay with that	1
thurs thor the elf is moving closer to our kitchen . hmmm . . . thortheelf 	0
jesiah of course can u t fall asleep . so since he u s off school tomorrow u c he u s cuddled up with mama watching wizards of waverly place 	0
they hold titles . there are loads out there . but thy hold the four highest regarded . nd vitali may retire soon . . .	0
saturday morning movies at the theatre ! tom jerry u c the jungle book ! loved that i always got to bring a friend ! positivethurs	1
i m a big fan of kunle afolayan . i normally enjoy his movies is october any good ? would love to see it	1
sharknado on tomorrow night . if you want we can start a twitter campaign to get you on sharknado 	0
should we get chris brown tickets wednesday ? i think the show is this thursday	1
is disney infinity marvel an add on or standalone game ? want to get it but can t figure out if i need the main disney game st	0
monta ellis ellis had just two points on of shooting on friday against nba	0
former stlblues jacques plante wears mask for first time in game nov montreal canadiens vs ny rangers after he was struck in face	0
if you need tickets for the cw live event in binghamton ny on nov th text or email me on fb .	0
so . . . i may go play some me now . . . . mainly just trying to level up since i promoted all classes and the only ones above are adept . . .	1
the vamps can you please say happy birthay to my friend sofia that her birthay is on december please the vampss	0
it s fucking july and still no frank ocean album	2
tiger woods shot a rd round on saturday to tie for nd at the wyndham championship after holes . woods trails jason gore by two shots .	0
david wright really showed up in the th inning of the win today . had the go ahead rbi and a crucial run scored . easy guy to root for .	1
tonight may be the night when i finally expose myself to the gilmore girls hysteria	2
rt according to marca neymar will be moving to real madrid in december days after the club world cup .	0
 st clinton is the worst debater . nd have you ever heard joe biden open his mouth ? hes a clown !	2
tgif ! start your weekend off with a spot of lunch and a cheeky pint . we are serving food all day until pm ! lunch tgif friday	1
floyd mayweather the thirstiest capitalist since daniel plainview lines up another boring fight	2
kony filmmaker jason russell explains breakdown i literally thought i was responsible for the future of humanity	0
donald trump is coming to dallas next monday . just wanted to put that out there . .	0
guess who can t go see the wwat film tomorrow because her jaw won t stop swelling to the size of grapefruits 	2
sunday supplement are honestly making out that kane is one of the best strikers in the world . he isn t even the best striker at tottenham .	1
it was dean ambrose vs luke harper in april amp i have to sit through ryback vs big show yawn	0
i will consider arsenal to have the potential to win premier league this season if only they beat manchester united tomorrow .	1
still got smacked by barca . wolfsburg went far in the europa and bvb lost to finalists . epl is rd .	1
yesssss it u s true . wednesday london thursday luton friday luton . are you down . go hard u our u go home remember that lmfao	0
may the gods speed him rip frank gifford new york giants legend and husband to kathy lee gifford dead at 	0
 colts reggie wayne should have a big ppr fantasyfootball game versus titans allowed rd most catches with .	0
i may not be speaking for the whole world here but have always thought bono is a wanker amp u overrated . there i have said it .	2
yea im good thanks and no but i am in haltwhistle . are you staying at phils on fri i was guna pop in and say hi to him ?	1
i ll be back for the ed sheeran concert sunday night	0
paul dunne is to win the open tomorrow what do your followers think on his chances if not then who ? ? ?	0
the storm will be moving inland to cny tomorrow . that u s when i u ll get worried about my family . living right on oneida lake .	2
if i had a chance to be in sharknado i may have actually followed the rules for entry	0
atletico gets the three package from valencia just like everybody else in mestalla . see ya atleti . hello st place ! amunt	0
rousey is knocking women out bigger than mayweather in seconds fuck you mean she cant beat may weather in a mma fight	2
siu up sets to at drake u c u c looking to keep sole possession of th place in mvc . just underway in the rd set	0
venice beach lowkey trash but i only wanted to go to that shit the st time cuz of that pac interview at venice	2
roma vs . juventus is at pm and mon v psg at pm both uk times . locally it s an hour ahead of those times in both countries .	1
so sorry for your loss . i will always remember monday night football with frank gifford . xo	0
who u s going to the game tomorrow at flowing wells high school ? marana v .s fw homecoming	0
does anyone know where harper will be appearing tomorrow on pei ? charlottetown ? summerside ? the coward is keeping it secret again .	0
may the saving light of christ shine in the darkness of ucla . . .amen .	1
 bbc warned george osborne it would have to axe bbc and bbc due to cuts via	2
i think rebecca black went crawling back to her day job . . friday	0
the red fort is very cool . my favorite place so far . workshop starts tomorrow then one more day left .	1
saw caitlyn jenner at the today . she was hilarious . nice to see there too we have tickets for the th yay !	1
if i can change my schedule right now im gucci so i wont have to worry about tomorrow when i see her	0
today while in my american history class i was reading on islam in africa . i ll probably fail my test on the industrial revolution on mon .	2
happy eid mubarak dear all friends . may the blessings of allah be with you today tomorrow and always . happy eid . . .	1
you know most people who call you kpop or exo are your boy classmates . cr .alyssa v .azrael skylar v .yushi april v . ugh	0
lexus said it may be more months before i can take my car to the dealer for the recall on fixing the . . .	2
 rd bad blood won video of the year and she took all the women in the video up w her and said stupid shit	2
day of pssas state tests for th grade . test questions and sci scenarios vary greatly shouldn t they be taking the same exam ? pssa	1
we re actually going to the kpop store on tuesday . . . xd	1
green bay packers at the espy awards july of my favorite people !	1
return of chicago s beloved son derrick rose will be february at home v ers . same team same floor . day before months justaguess	1
anderson stopped at the donation station . murray on way back from sets down ! ! c mon andy !	0
republican presidential candidate carly fiorina ripped donald trump s incendiary remarks about megyn kelly on friday night .	1
teuchi prepared two bowls for them and sat them on the table in front of them naruto picked up the chopsticks and have 	0
on the th or as i like to call the day the chosen one was born and by chosen one i mean hulk hogan	1
death threat to justice dipak misra who refused yakub s mercy petition irrespective of the protection you may avail we will eliminate you . 	2
i ve always been slow at reading books . currently trying to power through the rest of paper towns as i m seeing the film tomorrow	0
 prays one direction come to metlife on my birthday september th for the next tour 	1
twilight sail this friday . departing . pm . bring some beers wine . bubbles and some nibbles if you wish . book early !	1
eid shopping brings windfall for oman traders road travelers on thursday the beginning of the break had to . . .	1
my parent s said i can go to milan on the th so i m meeting lena in like weeks i m so happy	1
looks like i m done with kpop guys	0
in reality international talk like a dalek day is december st the anniversary of the daleks first appearance !	0
the whole wac smack makes me feel like the spoiled rich kid may be driving dad s bentley . . . but still driving a bentley .	0
sprint takes control of clearwire now owns stake u c may buy it outright	0
mass mayor puts jindal on blast bobby jindal may not make the first republican primary debate but he has found . . .	0
omg ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! boy this fight would have been so emotional and epic naruto vs jiraiya in the rd great ninja war	1
the wizards summer league team has their last st rd picks u c including the th overall last yr rd this yr . theyre losing to the d league	2
those of you who hang on my every word with regards musical recommendations may be interested to know that i like the new david bowie track .	1
when jay z said thirty eight revolve like the sun round the earth 	0
 inappropriatefuneralsongs thriller by michael jackson . while the dancing may be great having to kill your zombie grandma wont be as great	0
got my replacement phone from t mobile today . overnighted it no charge which is awesome . too bad i can t get to the store until tomorrow !	1
had a great day today yay soxs beat yankees ! !	1
once again democrats spent all night and this morning trying to talk down the stock market . . .whatever happens there can be no blank check !	2
may be unpopular opinion but ice cube was the one with the lyrics .	1
ihop offering pancake short stacks as part of no kid hungry fundraiser on tuesday you can get . . . community	1
if you re not starting your sunday morning with fleetwood mac you re doing it wrong .	1
just found my th grade diary . highlights include wanting to ask god who the hell he thinks he is and being able to relate to kurt cobain . .	0
i wonder who ll play nicki in the nd video for bad blood ?	0
despite recent performances lets make sure k albion fans make amex a total noise cauldron on friday nonstopsinging	0
nero apple event is about to start . apparently they are about to get serious about gaming . again .	1
enjoyed watching the people working out during the tour of technogymvillage in cesena u c italy . workouts for attendees tomorrow .	1
this song may have only been released to kanye west and john legend before it was performed . whitepeopleareclueless	0
 knock knock live david beckham surprises family in need tuesday marked the debut of knock knock . . . family	1
 lomeli c mon man . google . i think about to connect to decode kyhwana i feel silly . i just about bet . . .	0
i like the way the ff have calmed down . at one time there was more back slapping for no reason than arsenal when they finish th every year	1
englishman in new york by sting was no . in the uk charts on august 	1
got the new samsung galaxy note saturday . . . .makes me so happy !	1
it s the st of august istg if the reason why zayn isn t tweeting is because he s got something in store for us in this specific day . . . .	0
i completely agree . it sucks how it worked out but flash back to the th innings vs kershaw when you over use a pitcher .	1
we d be happy to help chelsea ! please tell us more about what s going on so we may better assist . roannad	1
i hope all is fantastic for you where ever you may be ! ! ! ! d with that much love to you justin all your friends	1
johnson was good when he st started playing in his chelsea and portsmouth days milner has been shit since day 	1
yayaaya it s okay i only sent it this morning haha vanilla fudge ? ! amp i can t wait it s on sunday xx	1
just about that time ! ! nba season jumps off tomorrow ! ! my preseason mvc u s most valuable cats and bbn	1
it s am and i m watching frank ocean videos trying to figure out where he s been . c mon frank where s the album ?	0
arrived in llandudno to attend the rd conference in weeks . my little car can almost drive itself here . south to north noshortcuts	0
fashion king seems nice after watching the st episode 	1
i may seem like i m only joking when i compare right wing christians with jihadists but they re all dangerous idiot control freaks	2
december th curitiba u c brazil the first and last time i saw suicide silence with mitch . i u m glad i ha	1
angela merkel urges brazil to protect amazon rainforest brazil and germany threw their weight thursday behind the push for a global . . .	0
former westover hs nc star cj ford opens the season for murray state against brescia on november th at home .	0
up the reds today evening as the arsenal s girls we ll lead the way into meadow park to face everton tough game we must get full points !	1
shawn your girlfriend is so pretty ! she s got a sexy pout goin on . i wish y all were going to be on the air tomorrow !	1
can taylor swift play her cover of drops of jupiter tomorrow at the concert ok pls and thank you	1
 . patch tuesday incorporated fixes for security vulnerabilities some with active exploits insane !	1
 in . haman head pinata purim jewish holiday party game celebrate purim with this haman pinata ! this pinata m . . .	0
november th houston improv get your tickets now houston show is month from today me n my celebrity friends will be in the building	0
yes not cruising from fallston though . i ll get something from dunkin set up . sunday out by be there about 	0
movie star ben affleck adresses michigan state football team at spartans thursday practice parts of the mich . . .	0
it may be planned obsolescence but to me it just means i don t buy stuff from companies like sony .	0
gay asf going to go see the perfect guy friday lol	0
yall it s sept i bet frank ocean done lost half his fans	2
good luck ladies at auburn and ok state as you begin recruitment today ! ! !	1
sincere condolences to our friend amp family on the passing of frank gifford . may he rest in peace .	1
original planned release date for blue diamond x oct . instead u c nike drops two new bron styles on the same day as the rose launch . . .	0
prince george just turned on july but tells everyone he s years old uhh so	0
good luck tomorrow and have you ever been to scotland or ireland . and if you have did you like it ?	1
take the romans . in the nd rd centuries bc the romans were at war with hannibal and his army of mercenaries . . . . positive love all of you thanks you guys for showing me a new hannibal ! fannibal positive kinda me on tuesday lol i was numb and done with hannibal it was scary . hopped back on the feels train on wed tho neutral ahhh don t talk about it ! ! i ll start tomorrow night at home or the day after . need to finish hannibal first positive there s a chance i m going to start hannibal tomorrow . neutral my mum just asked me what we re supposed to watch now on thursday nights since hannibal is over a neutral help help it is thursday and my brain is saying hey remember back when an episode of hannibal would be airing in hours in canada positive i ll be abigail on saturday and hannibal on sunday d if you think you see me shout loud and i ll probably hear it positive also gets into town tmrw ! sunday monday i m going up to hannibal to see her and various other friends at the steampunk expo . positive i m so glad we re doing this . i m so glad we re doing it on saturday too . ha . hannibal isn t leaving my life nope ! hannibal eatingthem positive i have packed just about everything needed for tracon starting tomorrow . i am now allowed to watch a couple episodes of hannibal and knit . positive just sat down to watch the final episode of hannibal season . incredible show ! positive i m so excited for the new episode of hannibal tomorrow cries neutral may try and poison me ? hmm ? hannibal stood straight he said that in an almost sarcastic tone but this was still a cat 	0
in my st year halls one guy insisting on referring to himself as the horn . in the third person .	0
the heat is gunna kill the knicks tomorrow	2
dana white lowkey just confirmed it ufc july holly holm vs ronda rousey 	0
the only thing crazier than last gen was th gen . a way console race between sega nintendo microsoft amp sony . you ll never see that again	1
no problem ! we had a blast . see you tomorrow at the big competition ! starts at noon competing for an apple watch !	1
the opening ceremony for the next summer olympics will be held on august th rio see you then 	0
it may or probably will not come as a surprise but iruka is and has been my favorite character in naruto since the very beginning .	1
i won the nd star in my mclaren c gt se in csrracing raceyourfriends . download free !	1
i just sat down in my apartment to watch the red sox on my very own tv for the first time . . .and i got there in time for god bless america .	1
knicks vs heats gone be the best st round series in the playoffs	1
i think caitlyn jenner coming out was so important because it may have took a celebrity but i think being trans will become acceptable when	1
tomorrow gonna get up do my sheets ! go shopping get some bits for my washing get munch and see my girl and watch ted . perfect day !	1
fb jakes keeps it on nd down and sets up a rd and for wku . ball at mtsu 	0
my dream is to meet katy perry on october in chile please help to keep it will only be a few minutes just a photo . .	1
the best p p fighters rousey currently and jones all time rousey is finishes in the st . . .	0
wwe smackdown returns to phx oct . us airways center . see world champion seth rollins the divas amp more .	0
lazy sunday paul pierce is lamar odom really going to the d league ?	0
atletico madrid want to buy chelsea s petr cech in january sunday star 	0
going to see ant man today for the sunday matinee just need to put the roast beef in the crockpot and i m good to go ! d	1
yeah that s just what i wanted . . .hearing about kanye west non stop heading into a monday . not	0
in islamic dictionary peace may mean sharing the surrendered woman beheading the kafirs if refuse to convert to islam	2
a customer may or may not have just walked in on me crumping to fleetwood mac . ohwell noshame	0
and playing batman and robin . gojays ! make the th the big one . bluejays	1
i m being taunted don t get my ps until september and i can t play this until halloween god damn it	2
ive just heard the edinburgh derby has been moved to the rd of jan . is this true ? ? but as long as its still a night time ko im happy pyro	1
sorry for all the harry potter retweets i just found a great account xd i know it s not friday but ff	0
galaxy tab . coming to sprint with lte on november th good news for sprint customers in th . . . android tech	1
iron man u c hangover part iii u c the last friday 	0
great call in by that marine who is surprising his family with a disney trip . that is how u take back ur friday my man . awsome	1
crowd finally pops . . . .for john cena . . .in the th hour . raw wwenoc wweraw	1
so ms .sea however you spell her name from berkmar left and now is sn ap at lanier and i skipped th period and stayed in her office lol	1
why can t the election be this november i don t want to hear about donald trump for another year	2
 st gucci is wack and his last good song was my kitchen nd future is trash af and don t nobody know what he be saying lmao	2
are you off somewhere nice ? i m bored today . got a list of applications i need to get ready for windows . tedious	2
nicholas hoult says sex scenes with kristen stewart were hobbit like jennifer lawrence may want . . . topstories	0
coming up hillary amp bernie may be leading in the polls but is still in the race .	0
 picstitch at my st phillies game watching the knicks vs heat atthesamedamtime	0
glad martin showed up though . hopefully it will work out in the long run . get out there tomorrow night ! thunderup	1
heat u cceltics u cbulls u cknicks rt who do you have at th ?	0
o u mara says political influence was at play in charging of zimmerman with nd degree murde	0
 nd day in a row isn t giving me xp on xbox . . .maybe take a second away from your steam launch and fix what s already out ?	0
rt curtis painter is totally going to get lucky tonight probably with another girl that looks just like him	1
rick nash ! ! th goal for the new baby mclaren ! ! nyr	1
 rd day of eid ul fitar of . . that was the worst day ever of me . . . ! ! amp this day always remember as black day in my life . . blackday	2
raven symone kim amp kanye sorta came to my th photos raven symone couldn t get the real kim kardashian . . .	0
i got inspiration from niall in the nd outfit bc all he wears is a stripped shirt amp black pants ok	1
 landscape footpath rocks wales holiday . the long voyage upto the th checkpoint on mount snowdon .	0
ooh operation raccoon city is . i may pick that game up if i have the strength to . .man i gotta sleep earlier .	1
 vashon is already abuzz with the news that strawberry festival is the rd week of july . calanders are being marked u c plans being made .	0
kanye u s th solo album apparently . . . brighter than dark fantasy u c and shit that you can dance to . it u ll be a smarter album than graduation 	1
ac dc tomorrow with idek if ill be going to school the next day tbh	1
the list of gay celebrities some may surprise you ad	0
guys who do u think will be the entrance revealed monday ? i think monday wil be randy orton	0
for terry s next act he ll ask david wright to pitch the th .	0
look me in the eye and tell me you didn t listen to taylor swift in th grade	0
tory campaign jet takes st flight the conservative party has unveiled its official campaign plane making it . . .	0
i alpha d molly by holding amp lightlly scruffing her to keep her from eating thor s food . since she has sat quietly beside me . interesting	1
don t forget about daylight savings time . it is this sunday morning at am . you get to move your clock back to . . .	0
andre berto explains why he can defeat floyd mayweather on september floyd mayweather has not lost a singl . . .	0
i am squeeing at the latest bioshock infinite trailer u c it may usurp the original u s place in my top games ever . is a genius .	1
twilight when the moon meets the sun the sun says goodnight this is my time most people sleep but i come alive	0
what do you liked about peru ? askdongho . .see u tomorrow in fanmeeting 	0
it s sunday and its a top game in the serie a with both pjanic and dzeko starting against juventus . i love it .	1
speaking of chris jericho u c it is wednesday today is it not ? time for some catching up on wrestling .	0
at least real football starts on thursday with a freed tom brady	1
come out on monday to watch the woman in black w the model un ! free entry ! concessions w donation ! ! ssu 	0
let me remind you daily trust . . monguno a no nonsense general takes on boko haram	2
having to be at school at eight tomorrow is going to kick my ass .	2
got some great shots of the march fourth marching band tonight at americaplatz they were fantastic ! ! ! !	1
video fury as lion killer returns to work there were angry scenes in minnesota on tuesday as the us de . . . bbc 	0
 mtvstars lady gaga i may not walk on your street or shoot a gun on your soil i hear you screaming is it because of pleasure or toil ?	2
title for title match winner take all will it be seth rollins or will john cena become th time world champ amp tie ric flair ? ! summerslam	0
ted was hilarious time for bed and praying tomorrow is another good day	1
maybe tomorrow i ll get my arse in gear go check out the thrift store and stop in at the lair .	1
sensationalism at its finest . next thing you know we ll be hearing that graham harrell may take aaron rodgers spot . smh .	1
i thought was retiring the lumia line to give way to surface mobile ? i guess not .	2
been watching big brother since season amp ur the st houseguest to follow me . love that u take time interact with ur fans .	1
q . trent richardson rushed right to the cleveland for yards . st .	0
national herald case all congress mps cms to march with sonia rahul gandhi to court on dec ? after raisi . . .	0
bryce harper is against matt harvey . harper will lead off the rd inning against harvey .	1
wanna remind the twitt o sphere to add and get a copy of nappy d before the big smta of napoleon dynamite on sunday the th ! ! !	0
nice to see ironman wales made the top five bike course list	1
yea fam i think it may come out as a xmas special . . . . i hope !	1
wednesday s classes am yoga with annalisa pm fit life with orson pm spinning with arthur . . .	0
dublin on monday d so excited ! also my friends birthday she will be at the concert . . . plzzzz say happy birthday shauna	1
wrapping up a hour day in huntsville . love watching the labs and my students work . can u t wait for more tomorrow . woohoo ! thealienlife	1
obama signed a law today making gifts of up to from an ira tax free again . if you want to give to the foundation call us monday .	1
it s wednesday you know what that means . . . new batman !	1
words cannot express how pumped i am for the foo fighters on the th	1
don t get me wrong i think ray rice deserves a nd chance in the nfl and in the court of public opinion but ryan braun can t have that smh	0
well we got to milan in one piece . first item on the shopping list tomorrow italian phrase book ! although it . . .	0
trump may have been born rich but he multiplied his fathers money many times over	1
if only green day sounded like this instead of the sort of parody punk group who might have been invented by saturday night live .	2
i think it was the th anniversary of raw i was walking down the hallway and hulk hogan was walking . . .	0
lamb of god is coming to town on the th ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! omg i u m soooo excited xd i can u t wait to get into the pit and go crazy ! m 	1
islam is a muslim nationalist movement with geo political ambitions as such it must lose st amendment rights .	0
good luck to paul dunne on the last day of the british open tomorrow . can he do it ? hopefully .	1
i want too but it is the same night at nuit blanche . i will make an appearance hopefully . miss you too lovely .	1
c mon meet me in the eletric chapel mtvstars lady gaga	0
coming home tonight i saw a we support italy in the rugby world cup in a hair salon in newmarket . ha ! how come . . .	0
i m not just saying this as a larrie but there is no way that briana is having louis baby . she may be pregnant but the baby isn t louis .	0
been in alliance for quite some time and may be to counter saudi arabia . qatar had recently agreed deal with iran .	0
galaxy s ii can be wiped by just clicking a link other touchwiz devices may also be vulnerable th	2
strolls in nipclub see nekkid kitteh . . .what kinda party u running here . . .shall i jump on the bar dance ? oh yeah . .	1
if you need them gucci foams let me know by wednesday i m plugged in	0
i hope all your loved ones back in maryland are okay ! i didn u t see you u c wednesday . 	1
tiffany u c cnblue u s yonghwa and b st u s kikwang will mc for the sbs k pop super concert in america on nov 	0
all this damn work i still haven u t had the chance to call martin about these poems . i have to do it tomorrow	2
frank ocean fans starting to learn what being a fan is like but at least the dream walker was worth it	0
she may have lost her job but word on the street is that trump has found his new immigration policy coordinator	0
rt all fans of toni gonzaga she there landaco plaza albay legazpi october tonight pm	0
harper walks . nats now have two men on with one out . escobar will bat next . still mets in the bottom of the th .	0
ahhhh i get it . you re worried christians jews etc may hinder your radical left wing agenda . bigot	2
scott walker thinks building a wall between the us amp anything is legitimate . his wall dreams will cost taxpayers an arm leg amp st born .	2
busy off day . watching hardknocks while upgrading to windows finally . may need a nap .	0
 ill start teen wolf soon ill start ointb then ill watch the originals in september 	1
caitlyn jenner might get sued for . m in malibu incident washington d .c . aug adding to the caitlyn j . . .	0
the scenes that involve ice cube and johan hill in nd jump street are the best . like literally gets me in tears every time	1
tomorrow s the night ! weekly lesbian discussion group at gay s the word wc n pm every wednesday	1
ok unless i hear some outrageous rumor . . . im cop heemfording the ipad hd by friday	0
shawn may have trouble coming in tact with what his feelings are feelings to himself let alone u guys	0
good luck to all pitch battlers . may the best pitch win !	1
and tampa does run a version of the option pass that wsh killed us on . rglll to davis may just be replicated .	2
my mom tells me she s going to zac brown band on friday and then proceeds to ask me what songs they sing . . .	0
no i want my raspberry pi which i ordered from you in july . . . weeks dispatch time is ridiculous !	2
wow ! sytycd finale tonight and tomorrow days until dwts cast announcement days until dwts where did the summer go . . .	1
here comes the new apple tv ! and the ipad pro .	1
kyle williams has u good chance u to play sunday for bills u dealing with an ankle injury u c williams got back to pr . . .	1
final four is set and here is the match ups . if we win . . . we play on saturday at p .m . in lexington !	0
happy birthday to prince george !may he be blessed with peace love happiness and prosperity beyond his wildest dreams .blessu	1
there is going hard and than there is kendrick in black friday .	0
it s already the home of the star tours attraction it s where they hold star wars weekends every may so why not ? . . .	0
the st week of the usopen is almost up amp the big names of serena venus djokovic murray federer amp wawrinka are still in the draw .	1
i ve been sat on the floor for hours trying to download songs onto my phone and ipad . . . it will take years to delete u 	2
with enrile finally speaking up u c alfie anido u s wikipedia page may now be revised with citations .	0
the best part of living in new york is the nightlife . the nd best part is knowing that jay z and beyonce share the same weather as me .	1
ben affleck and henry cavill are in my city . sucks to know that i m only the rd sexiest dude here for a day .	1
looking forward to the judd apatow guest edited issue of vanity fair in january . expecting lots of lena dunham u c paul rudd u c leslie mann u c etc .	1
atletico madrid is going to be dangerous . .pedro leaving is going to hurt barca in the long run . .no bench to rest msn	0
liz is kinda dumb when it comes to men . dna swapping isn u t even bad in port charles u c it u s just called tuesday . gh	2
having a really hard time processing that connor howell sat on the curtis side at the game last night .	2
lionel messi picks up golden boot as top scorer barcelona striker lionel messi was presented monday with his se . . .	1
well done arsenal . . . . people get we play with our rd keeper . . imagine man utd with ben amos in goal loooool	1
 birthday cake is gonna be the song leading us into th quarter u c count it .	1
 he smiled it depends what type of books you like to read . i like james pattinson . they may not have those here . .	1
so is zlatan gonna play the nd half for us or nah ?	0
lol ! gonna make up for day off tomorrow ! also bought vertical ipad stand so i can browser test w the lot of em . geekgirl	1
sam smith may well be doing spectre theme i just hope he does it as well as did you know my name . now that was a bond theme !	1
juventus ! roma v juventus kickoff seriea sunday . who do you love ? 	1
 fakta on the th of mar cao cao attempted an assassination of dong zhuo an evil tyrant ruling by puppeting the last emperor of han .	2
it s really going to this chris brown concert tomorrow . . . . like i m buying my ticket as i tweet this	1
younique officially launches in the uk on november . be one of the first to get your d fibre lashes .	0
 cubs take a lead after kris bryant hits a two run home run his st home run of the year .	1
you sound like will ferrell on old school . got a big day tomorrow ! soundsexciting classic	1
i can t wait until august so that i don t have to hear any more of the zac brown band .	2
oh no we supposedly pull out of pedro deal as zlatan becomes available . please god i ll go church every sunday if u make this not happen	0
elizabeth olsen never dated tom hiddleston it s actually chris evans chrisevans	0
check out the scene at stylish wave extra on april ! guild zuck vneu hero born unite micro head ns kra kiryu !	1
i think playing dark souls has literally removed any calmness i may have had about dying in video games .	0
 cowboys and aliens comes to uk theatres on august th . it looks pretty good . gonna see it for my b day on august rd .	1
 would absolutely now you are coming on may th . i love you mtvstars the vamps	1
ithink they may introduce the iphone s but my cuzzo said the applewatch red and new macbook size	0
liz setup a google page ! tomorrow is going to be an exciting day ! myec d applauchtuesday	1
you may not put bumpers stickers on a bentley you also don t let a shit load a people drive it either if you get my drift	0
my ipod died . i ll text when i get a charger tomorrow . unless you wanna text an android user	0
floyd mayweather may be filthy rich but in the end and in the beginning you are nothing but a white man s bitch .	2
it s august th but frank ocean let me down yet again	2
it s a rd day of eid . we are blessed with nice weather and owsum feeling of freshness . alhamdulillah	1
eels fans got a chance to pass the ball with the boys at westfield parramatta on sunday . news	0
fca is tomorrow u c i u d love to see you there kenadee	1
go set a watchman comes out on tuesday ? might read it . or maybe i ll retread to kill a mockingbird first . summer read number ?	0
do you guys remember that not too long ago nicki was like one of the most hated artist . . during her pink friday album	0
i know you all will make a big dial over prince george bday remember winnie fallon july rd . orangeroom	0
so shawn is going to be on kelly and michael tomorrow	0
great practice session with the boys can not wait for friday with sunday in leicester square theatre ! !	1
re read tkam on the train to truro long time since i read it . will start watchman tomorrow . no spoilers pls ! 	1
hawks will discipline kane for sure . but he ll play again for the hawks . may just have to wait a bit	0
dana white wants a mega ufc card in december with ronda rousey and conor mcgregor	0
ok i am fixing to rant about zayn and sorry to those that get upset . st dont get me wrong zayn is hot af but is this 	0
just heard you u re coming to calgary on the rd ! ! best news ever ! ! you u re going to kill it man ! ! 	1
saturday picnic in park with thrown around a moshpit at datsuns and london is burning . balance in all things	0
i just had a fantastic meal at the lovely vanessa u s house ! then off to the middle of nowhere aka new hampshire tomorrow !	1
the last day of pssas ! ! ! juniors will be testing during st and nd and then they are done with pssas ! ! !	0
rivers to gates u c for only the rd time this season . keep it up chiefs u c fantasy teams need you	1
just seen your goals in the city win against bolton in . need to get them days back man hope you play tomorrow . top player .	1
tomorrow i will continue salkeandote i ll go to sleep good night shawn i want you to rest .	0
looking forward to other movie lavalantula this saturday . crossover with sharknado ?	1
 correction tohoku appears in the nd mix folder for encore extra stage only not extra stage . 	0
what made aaron rodgers so good in the final moments during sunday s win vs . mia . . . 	0
rt our new dance instructor for clubfitness has toured w beyonce ! ! ! you know our beyonce themed night is going to be . . .	0
 umes followers don u t forget u c umesvolleyball takes on morgan state today at ! be there or be really bored cuz it u s a sunday . your choice	2
catching up with accused seanbean jimmy mcgovern is one of the best writers on tv today ! part tomorrow with anne marie duff . can t wait !	1
say i need u to help me order my jandals tomorrow off amazon . . . just to make sure i doing it right okay	0
it u ll be my th jean dujardin movie i own on dvd u c lol i have a problem . p	0
if this goes all the way to the th . . . . odds lie with murray to take the match . usopen sstennis	0
olivia jordan is the nd american woman to hold the title of both miss world america and miss usa	1
can next friday please get here any faster ? i need the rest of illinois on my ipod !	1
if you do another season of big brother please please please bring friday night live back ! ! everyone wants it back on ! bbau	0
this is th triangle choke victory in his career . conor mcgregor was the rd victim . ufcglasgow	1
look at spx daily in early june . it bottomed the day after spx d sma was sliced . this time d was sliced yesterday .	2
anna kendrick may be the only thing that saves this asshole of a movie .	2
i was definitely hype for that knicks and nets game tonight give brooklyn they st l fuck you hurricanesandy	2
geaux tigers ! ! ! come and tailgate with us at our neighborhood tailgate party saturday and enjoy yourselves to some bloody marys and mimosas .	1
amy schumer is on sky atlantic doing one of the worst stand up sets i have ever seen . and i ve almost sat through seconds of millican .	2
i have t mobile so i may just switch	0
tiff died and ariel had a panic attack and alonso went nuts and mike sat there like a barbie doll . . katie talking about after prom	2
i m pretty sure the most of the country was supporting mayo . i m sure kerry will be there natural selves in sunday s time .	1
it s great that george harrison makes the list with something though i love here comes the sun natfavebeatles	1
new anime from shinchiro watanabe cowboy bebop with music by yoko kanno also cowboy bebop airing this april .	0
just because you asked for it . . . labor day sales now last until tomorrow ! ! there ll be no second chances hurry up !	1
david cameron george osborne theresa may work with rupert murdoch and nsa gchq to blackmail everyone . let s prosecute these gangsters .	2
adelaide fans of antonio carluccio can enjoy an intimate lunch with the celebrity chef this october .	1
elton on the radio . . .how were the gigs l .a . ? i ve never seen elton and captain fantastic was my st lp . wheniwasakid music	0
absolutely mortified and gutted that sam smith may be doing the new bond song 	2
just leaves me in tears charlie hebdo was just in january . this is insane .	2
i just love this new show ! i watch it every thursday ! jeff foxworthy is so hilarious !	1
thank you may god bless and keep our friends and allies in israel .	1
if you still don u t want to listen u c wait until monday on itunes at pm gmt you can listen all of the tmh songs .	0
funny how when holly holm s manager talks about quick turnaround he gets mocked by dana white . but mcg it s ok ? smh	1
the question is not whether floyd mayweather will beat andre berto . the question is whether he will retire after saturday .	0
ladies ! bulk order goes in tomorrow at pm cst ! more day to give me your orders for any younique product . . .	0
you may be cool but you ll never be david beckham at the wimbledon cool . wimbledon davidbeckham	0
dustin johnson would be tied for th if he simply bogeyed the first instead of puttin up a snowman .	0
i m a hit it up beat it up latch on to it until tomorrow mtvstars lady gaga	1
haha ! ! omg best film ever ! puts me in the christmas mood . . woah ! ! irish was so boring on friday omigod .	1
i ve read them all . i say read i mean watched the bbc version . i say watched i mean sat in same room as wife watching 	1
harper will issue an apology through the team no later than tomorrow .	0
re reading harperlee mockingbird now soon to discover the new atticusfinch go set a watchman and now there s more	0
did you know that me and wait from am to pm then katja joined in duomo square in milan the rd for you ?	0
capello had a draw in his th game with juve in the serie a .	0
i know thats what im saying lol tucker straight outkicked cundiff in camp u c i u m glad he u s gone . didnt he miss one in the th qtr ?	1
weird madonna concert dreams this morning . speaking of i have extra tickets . let me know if you re interested . september msg .	0
your shameless disgraceful propaganda war against the nd amendment . hey isis is yankee charlie hebdo and they re unarmed .	2
my love for maya rudolph may be borderline obsessive . i just looooove her !	1
 . noel fielding comedy gala tonight . work all day tomorrow . granny smith festival that night	1
this app is very useful specially when finding restaurants . you may download this app on google play store free .	1
happiest baby on the block class is being offered at national nanny training day april th	1
found the game on in aussie ! ! ! even though it u s sunday afternoon . . .roll tide ! ! !	0
pals knock bag tonight at rich mix ! come and hang out . also you can catch me on russell howard u s good news tonight and tomorrow .	1
he may be a cheap shot scumbag u c bit i fuck with todd bertuzzi	2
david wright hits a homer that lands four rows from the concourse in lf an absolute bomb . it s now nats in the nd .	1
hey curtis ! we re hosting a chat tomorrow at pm around bc skiing . would love if you could join in 	1
hope everyone made it to the uc in time to see the bulls raise their st straight financial champs banner . a true dynasty u c we have .	1
thought bbc lost to amazon prime but delighted to see it back on tv for rd series . period detective drama at its best !	1
men u s latest bedroom worry u shades u e l james u u fifty shades of grey u may be supercharging the sex drives o . . .	2
winter storm watch for portions of the wdbj viewing area until am wednesday .	0
i need to go find some sweets u c then i u m outttt . another hour day of marching band tomorrow nevergetsold	1
prime minister narendra modi on october launched provident fund portability through the universal account n . . .	0
omg ! ! ! ! ! ! ! slaughterhouse is gonna be dropping a mixtape with gangsta grillz sometime before august th ! ! ! ! ! d	1
they should have used wolf link for the rerelease of twilight princess . or isaac from golden sun or another nintendo game not fe again	0
still waiting to hear from the bbc re the number of complaints about the panorama programme . . .	0
kevin durant with the grey shirt and black hat cheering david price getting out of a jam in the th !	0
with amar u e out u c thinking the knicks may start either jr smith or chris copeland . if it u s the latter they start u c hopefully he u s productive	0
gop candidate scott walker wants to make a wall between canada and the u .s . good luck making that wall between nov and march .	0
see what cate blanchett rooney mara and more wore to the th annual governors awards via	0
interested in joining team ymca strong kids in the rum runners relay on sept from hfx to lunenburg ? for info email leslie tinkham	1
john cent vs seth rollins am i the only one who s not gonna be happy sunday in the john cena vs seth rollins . . .	2
jeb bush s ad blitz begins sept th in the early primary states . no poll movement by october ? donors might squirm .	2
what did petraeus tell the intel comm . sept and why did blame the video ?	2
i miss niall so much he made me so happy on saturday i felt at home and god i want to go back	1
if you ever wondered how professor x would sound like reciting the lyrics of bad blood then this one s for you	0
sooooo teen wolf deprived and its not coming back till january it s gonna make the next few months even slower	2
confirmation that the army v navy at twickers is april u c weekend off again ! ! piginpoo	0
pranab mukherjee has just again rejected yakub s nd mercy petition hanging would be on as per schedule at am tomorrow hangyakubnow .	2
did you know that kris bryant was trending topic on monday for hours in chicago ? trndnl	0
tony blair bringing libya in from the cold may have stopped isis getting chemical arms	0
 cupid doesn u t lie but you won u t know unless you give it a try wwooww .may pinaghuhugutan !	1
il divo isabel love this song very much . . . st time came to spain n hear this song u c i fall in love with song . .	1
jazz is dead a jazz exploration of the grateful dead comes to the music hall on friday . celebrating the . . .	0
is anyone else reading that zayn may be performing at the vmas with the weeknd ? i m not emotionally ready for that .	0
 newstraders are major reason for tarnishing the image of islam and muslims today in the world . . . may allah curse upon them . . .	2
soundgarden may have been first but w o nirvana i don t know that you hear pj and others nationally	0
holy shit murray amp anderson have been battling for hours on grandstand . only the th set . usopen	1
however u c he has confirmed breaking a chair in the duke pressbox u c nd such destruction at a duke sporting event .	2
arkansas state u c ul u c st quarter brian davis nails a yard fg on the red wolves opening drive of the game . cajuns	0
the sun does not rise in the same constellation as your zodiac anymore . there has been a shift . astrology is a myth .	2
foo fighters take on westboro baptist church and much more in the august th trend report 	0
some solid thinking on the events in paris refracted through the charlie hebdo lens 	1
gucci host number one secret may come about the duadic your one open door into the bargain in advocating in ex . . .	0
rematch john cena vs seth rollin title for title part tomorrow on raw book it	0
nascar s jimmie johnson wins for th time at dover johnson knaus and other crew members wore the wacky wig see . . .	1
wanna go to the queen extravangaza at bell center jan th ? sing for queen at pm all week to win tix ! ! drivetime	0
we shot in the hall on friday . the full story is out in saturday s argus . mystery n	0
oh how the sun makes me happy . sunsetswithmearethebest venice beach	1
are you about for trials on friday night if so i will see if thor is available to join us ?	0
and i can see zayn s long eyelashes in what looks like sun rays above the wing . . .	0
the families need to challenge sf and ira over their actions that day	0
it s star wars day tomorrow at the office . tempted to go to work in a really tight shirt and tell people i m cosplaying jabba the hutt .	1
i ve got one ticket to the michael jackson tribute gig for sale on oct th dm for details please rt !	0
niall s always thought the warmth of liam s smile would make the sun feel cold and lifeless . tries to smile through the tears 	0
niall love me to as much as i love you ok your my everything your my romeo and i m your juliet ok see you tomorrow ily niall	1
wow ! trump ! gives you the best . toronto . splurge in november stay nights save off your stay rich famous	1
sam groaned . don u t remind me . . . he murmured . he adjusted himself in his pants and sat up . we leaving then ? 	0
sat behind on the flight to lax tonight . go buffs !	1
but when yall see that nissan titan . . . . riding thur cary with them s on it . . yall can see that a nigga grind has begun to pay off !	0
just tried it ! let me know if you got my message ! be on the lookout for mikasa on saturday ! d	1
i m seeing ant man tomorrow . if it has an ant called antony and that ant dies if this is a spoiler i will be so mad at you .	2
honored to have pres .candidates wanting to visit w members amp the community . john kasich on tuesday !	0
galaxy note leaks s style plus pop out pen released on aus on the th	1
although there was that one time he finished rd and cannavaro finished st . yes u c fabio cannavaro . bullshit .	2
someone go to disneyland with me starting the th i love halloween time	1
but that s jlo look how aka did . . .anyway i m sure selena has more than k fans who would buy it plus black friday	0
haha . this is about to get interesting . if they awaken the inner nazi in germans there may not be any muslims left .	2
and it s like th as insane as it was in dark souls . i was like oh is that all ? lol	0
will the new series of celebrity big brother run for five weeks ? cbb	0
have a look at the sat ko games for nufc and i u ll come out for a game and stop out . . maybe a pm or . pm ko	0
if i rise tomorrow and there s no sign of zayn throwing a public tantrum or nicki taking over the world then i m checking out of life	0
balletcenter in cebu is holding romeo and juliet in august . .check it out 	1
cuse is canceling class after ish today and all day tomorrow breakingnews	0
we re staying around venice beach area all day tomorrow if you wanna do something ?	1
galaxy note and galaxy s edge plus coming aug . pre orders begin today samsung on thursday announced it . . .	1
don u t forget u c i u ll be at volare tonight and tomorrow for my birthday . instead of gifts u c please donate a food item . . .	0
i hope the ukip comes to power and saves uk . the british tell you god bless you . we tell may	1
i madr noprogress my lfe is going downhill actually kpop ruined the world everything will dje the sun will explodeand bush will confirm 	2
the google for business workshop august is sold out ! don t worry you can book into the september workshop now !	1
just saw apple s site . apparently even windows users will be able to live stream the sept event . what do you think ?	1
how much is it to get film developed at walgreens ? anyone know ? c u mon i u m your boi	0
the firewall ? obama u s last stops of the campaign next monday will be in wisconsin u c ohio and iowa where his bid began .	0
orono is the friday move	0
so miley don t know nicki from southside jamaica queens . where people slap you because it s tuesday .	2
the sun is shining once again after the dark storm that was ira s absence	0
oh my god . thta s okay tho ! milan may nag a lot but he has a big heart and wouldn t leave alejandro with nowhere to go	1
i just got tix to sam smith on oct . let the countdown begin !	1
chigozie agbim and chibuzor okonkwo left the shores of nigeria on sunday morning to team up with the super eagles ahead of tuesday s intern	0
 st up u c obama on that poster with that caption ? ? ? trayvon had parents just like dad on the right . like they don u t grieve ?	0
banging out this cardio back today then turning on the strum for some more the last of us on ps ! mad max tomorrow !	1
record crowd at expo sep ansa milan september a single day record visitors flocked to the . . .	1
it s time for sharknado . we know how to live it up on saturday night .	1
tony blair as you well know has d noticed many things . . . . .our great grandchildren may or may not find out . . .	0
always give music a second chance bc the st time i heard ed sheeran i didn t like it but here i am willing to give my leg to see a concert	1
joseph kony despite the catapulting hollywood s depiction i m praying for you . that you may find jesus so we can worship together	1
it would make my day tomorrow if i could get a picture with chane behanan peyton siva gorgui or angel nunez . or even mangok .	1
nothing like starting your saturday morning blasting u s where the streets have no name driving as the sun comes up !	1
seems like the free upgrade to windows may be worth thinking twice about .	0
apparently simply kpop comes on my tv . and i watched it sat . amp saw got s latest song amp it was rly cute !	1
he ll get it when raw is live in mexico city in oct . he s apparently been havin tantrums that wwe keep snubbing him . moron .	0
i was thrilled to attend the first show of janet jackson s new unbreakable tour on monday . amazing performance !	1
hulk hogan you did nothing wrong ! i work a black man . we call each other nigga all the time . he may be my . . .	1
charity to the max ! saturday on foxct both segments will be airing during the morning news due to storm coverage today . foxct	0
just bought tickets to see george groves and ricky burns fight in december can t wait ! ! !	1
i m actually excited about starting my new semester tomorrow . . . more years . one step closer to my bachelor s degree .	1
 when they came out with istep a few years ago . . . a few years ago ? dude i u ve been taking tests since i was in st grade im uroutoftouch	0
the st academy awards ceremony u c presented by the academy of motion picture arts and sciences ampas u c honored . . .	0
dear misguided muslim brother ahmadiyyat is true n beauty of islam . . . may allah guide u to the right path	1
apple hasn t ever focused on gaming but has enjoyed incredible success with ios gaming . apple tv may focus on games 	0
blog post vice president joe biden to present the top ten list on cbs u s late show with david letterman u c thursday u c . . .	0
wow ! thank you tanduay may replay ang tanduayrockfest sa abs cbn . you u re the best rock on pilipinas !	1
agree . big l might have been the best to ever freestyle . its a race for nd .	1
only looking forward to kanye s performance at the vma s tomorrow ! heard he s bringing out rih bey jay z amp paul mccarthy	1
i have plans to go to cvs before work today and get something . that may be what i get . i u m going to quarantine myself today	0
sonia and rahul gandhi will have to appear on the next date of hearing on feb as well	0
who u s running the strattonfaxon k in new haven ct on monday ?	0
i know kris bryant can play rd and play it well but i just don t think he has the instinct to play it at the level others can . cubs	0
tottenham v wigan match preview tottenham and wigan are set to meet at white hart lane this saturday as the . . .	0
usually hate the merseyside derby but that st half was unreal	2
future need to rush the stage amp perform march madness in some gucci flip flops	0
i just hope ian bennett is first out of the selection machine tonight terrierball htafc dontfancyarfieldingoal	1
awaken the force with these star wars themed gifts . like them you may .	1
our st sec contact about nyse delay was none other than mark donohue . same guy who botched early madoff inquiry .	2
 mtvstars lady gaga dick dick dick the time is dicking away . . voting closes a .m . dec tweet mtvstars lady gaga	0
kendrick s black friday on replay gonna be that kind of day .	0
everyone talks about eli manning being the best in the th qtr . jay cutler has the best qbr rating in th qtr in the nfl getsome dabears	1
if u have a real madrid jersey wear it tomorrow	0
only way you can legitimately put george osborne amp moral choice in the same sentence is when he is one . a bad one	2
may god give us the strength to defeat boko haram collectively and soon . amen !	0
i have a feeling arsenal will beat stoke on saturday especially as i m lucky enough to be going so excited . . . .	1
right down to an uncomfortably close win over the jets the pats and packers are mirror teams . . .both will be bounced by championship sunday	2
alex theriault ac dc ! ! john and holly are rockin ! all the way to magnetic hill to see ac dc on september th ! . . .	1
did you know that the vamps was trending topic on thursday for hours in belgium ? trndnl	1
i hope that guy goes all out for valentine s day . the fkn works . then a few days before feb he checks her phone and sees a few messages	2
gonna watch final destination tonight . i always leave the theater so afraid of everything . no huge escalators for sure s	0
kim kardashian makes post baby debut in live stream chat on thursday evening the year old keeping up with the kardashians star ga . . .	0
just take me back to saturday when jason aldean sang big green tractor because i fucking love that song and it was x s better live	1
guys will think twice about bringing their familiesgiants owner said cowboys will get disease fir	2
just wanna listen to nirvana til the sun comes up	1
 michellemalkin joebiden s yuck factor joe biden is actually the missing th dwarf gropy .	2
mom left for scotland today . or ireland . . . keep forgetting where she went to . but both places have cool accents ! i know that !	1
happy motha fuckin birthday to my wife u c mi dupes love you so much u c thankful your still rockin wit me . may god bless you xoxo	1
thursday night is reserved for comedys on nbc u c fx and tonight u c nfl network .	1
ask scott walker he seems to be in the game . puns always intended . happy monday !	1
facebook may have solved mobile but google is still struggling with it follow gt 	0
kurt cobain was a hero for a generation that just wanted to live in the moment and not think about tomorrow	1
great story about sam smith on cbs sunday morning . . .sam talked about how his success came when he exposed his . . .	1
i can u t wait til saturday ! i u ll be there the pregame show tomorrow u ci love college gameday i u m glad gameday is here at lsu ! ! geaux tigers !	1
our last draw for an hd tv is today u c feb . u c at noon . good luck u c everyone ! details to enter the pplhdtv comp 	1
hey xyrielians ! don t forget to watch wansapanataym tomorrow title beauty is the beast ! headadmin	0
sunday sunday sunday ! come on down to the wwe superslam where john cena defends hos tiitle against cmp puuuunk ! sunday !	1
i m excited to see the lions tomorrow 	1
sprint to buy stake in clearwire sprint nextel corp . on thursday said that it wants to buy out the founder of c . . .	0
me and sat in the kitchen eating loads of food last night with owain like throwing up lmao sozmate	1
it starts tomorrow ? eid was on the th july so from then today is the of shawaal allahu a lam	0
hi armando ! if you run into issues upgrading to windows keep us in mind for any questions you may have !	1
merlin ! i ve been up since am and have a busy day today . just kill me now .	2
currently listening to justin bieber s very first album and the th grade memories are coming back	1
from the mouth of god my heart speaks july words for today feelings and watchman ! ! ! thank you god for . . .	1
that s the st . nd nadia amp mysa about mysa break dgn adam . rd this bullshit thingy . 	2
going to see jurassic world for the th time but this time with my dad	1
hi we going to see ted at the odeon cinemas at glasgow on wednesday 	1
the string quartet tribute to nirvana smells like teen spirit i ll play this all day on the st . . .just because	1
saw margaret cho tonight at leicester square theatre . brilliant woman u c intuitive u c insightful u c sexy . she u s here til st u must go ! !	1
see you at bentley s saloon on thursday august th from pm to pm	1
jumma mubarak to all muslims . may allah bless you all .	1
next big day of the year is presidents day . the revised date is now the th october . details of the competion . . .	0
i m at work for . hours tomorrow lmao someone make me go to bed and stop reading articles about nicki	0
at the vmas kanye west enlivens a show built around old narratives time hours ago	1
most common nights to order pizza nye u c jan u c day before thanksgiving u c super bowl sunday u c halloween .	0
how about that knicks heat game tomorrow though lol u c imonit	0
you know it cost to be in miss teen usa ? i was like so . . . you want me to pay to be in a pageant that i may or may not win ? 	2
n .w .a inside the original gangstas rolling stone cover story comments may be better than the article	0
ryan braun s home run in the th puts gives the brewers a lead . a .j . pollock goldy and david peralta will look to answer .	0
and the way the orioles are going the red sox mariners and white sox may do likewise before too much longer .	0
top father u s day gift ideas for the dad who is a cleveland indians fan cloud expo was announced on february u c . . .	0
murray runs it about yards across the for an aggies st down .	0
yoga weights conditioning what sacrifices will you be making to improve yourself tomorrow ? no excuses	0
 . third baseman david wright will reportedly make his return next monday .	0
tonight going to see foo fighters in concert friday kenney chesney 	1
the new iron maiden album is awesome . buy it now . not out til friday but heard it today and it s maiden of old . buy i	1
won two tickets to the white sox game at a raffle . . . nd place was four tickets .	1
start of the rd and murray continues to race through his service games . bellucci not looking as dangerous as he was in the st set usopen	0
ready to be with bentley tomorrow .	1
if she handles blood samples in a way that she could get ebola she should probably get tested for hepc instead .	2
 	0
hi just wondering do you know when the nov issue of mens journal with jimmy fallon on the cover will be available thanks	0
if you treated hillary like you did christie or trump rather than as a human punching bag she may talk to you . morningjoe	2
 dale get set to battle it out ! is dropping the beat for a kanye vs . jay z ride tomorrow at pm ! grab a bike !	0
house confidence vote on bribing decree due tomorrow agi rome the house expressed confidence in the govern . . .	0
good luck to all our teams for tomorrow st games of the season . celtic rangers barca real olympic boca bayern amp atletico grassroots	1
biggest brightest lunar eclipse of the year will bring a blood moon on wednesday !	1
just got email about press conference at am on wednesday at the mlk jr statue at marshall park . clt dnc dnc	0
welcome to europe vickie see you on sunday in nottingham uk looking forward to you dishing some dirt on cena and aj . xxxxxxx	1
kris bryant ain t no king . he s the nd best third baseman in chicago on the nd best team in chicago saladino gt gt gt gt gt gt 	0
july frank ocean album still hasn t dropped the album	0
watched paper towns cidades de papel in brazil for the rd time yesterday . it s really addictive !	1
i purchase kendrick cole august lito drake etc . they give you records that mean something that relate to life	1
tuesday night apartment dance party feat . duets w classic mariah carey tracks . spoiler alert i can t hit the high notes . whistleregister	1
watch arsenal smash hull tomorrow with sanchez hatrick and wilshere assist and the sanchez hazard comparisons will be back !	1
ohio gov . john kasich sat down with abc news george stephanopoulos and weighed in on a potential matchup with democratic presidential	0
still remember all your st names u c bar shotton . had a huge utd squad poster on my bedroom wall . you lot were in the front row .	0
great drink specials this saturday as mizzou looks for the upset over florida . former mizzou wr brian wheller . . .	0
david wright is not in the mets starting lineup for saturday s game against the red sox . mets	0
the day after labor day is just a monday that s lying about being tuesday .	0
an ira rollover may make sense whether you re leaving one job for another or retiring altogether	0
happy nd birthday to prince george from infant massage . i can t believe he is two already ! ! do any babies out . . .	1
ew gross an old man just sat down next to me and said i d give anything to get close to cate blanchett . 	0
john cena vs seth rollins on monday night raw for us champion team cena all the wayyy	1
darren sammy and dwyane bravo will donate der full rd match vs nz fee to runako morton u s wife ! ! dedicating it to a team man ! ! rip morton	1
sat watching school days totps with my dad the runaways came on ! i jumped up in excitement he was like who are they ? ! is he kidding me ?	1
nigga you can t make it with this tt ! rt nigerianewspaperheadlines terry g releases the st rock song in nigeria apako	2
perseverance is failing times and succeeding the th . julie andrews	1
the st academy awards ceremony u c presented by the academy of motion picture arts and sciences ampas u c honored . . .	0
don t miss seeing jurassic world on the jumbotron the joe tomorrow at pm . free food will be provided !	1
two of the shows from our bethnal green tour this sat and are featured in freebie !	0
i m going to queen mary today but tomorrow i can ! ! d	1
just found the most pretty dress to wear tomorrow at the golden globe awards xx	1
kendrick lamar black friday convinced me that kedrick is the best rapper alive rn alongside j cole	1
i m having thoughts about twilight life and death . it d be so much better if stephenie continued midnight sun .	0
new music friday iron maiden s book of souls limited edition cd with hardback book ! ironmaiden lddelta	0
stimulating promising speech of the world bank u s president jim yong kim in the annual meeting held in tokyo on oct 	1
royals set to host white sox for weekend set john danks will be in search of his th career victory vs . the . . .	0
alabama state troopers investigated seven fatal traffic crashes that resulted in nine deaths during the labor day holiday from fri . to mon .	2
i d ask i anyone wants these issues of rolling stone from the mid but c mon . . . there s nothing worth saving here . it s all kindling .	2
i can t wait to see chad mendes vs frankie edgar on december ! ! then conor mcgregor vs jose aldo on the ! ! dec . hurry up please ! !	1
how much was he signed for ? did it make a dent in mr king s warchest or is he going back to arsenal in january ?	0
i love meisha tate not a rousey fan really but i can t see the sense in a rd fight it s gonna take a man to beat ronda any time soon ufc	0
november is when my year anniversary with t mobile debating if i want to stay with them or go to verizon and get the s	1
guys if you have smash bros you may get a free game ! like zelda or mario or monster hunter 	1
looking for some free fun ? come to friday to see the classic camp films cobra woman jungle island . 	1
 rt rt milan bontet things that make me happy last night . . . 	1
re last retweet i ve been thinking about this a lot since sunday about how people call themselves christians but then get mad when . . .	0
last day of istep tomorrow . tg overit	0
buzzfeed asks if ukip loses votes to corbyn farage thinks he ll pick up some greens non voters but a chunk of old labour vote may go ukip .	0
hey dad what should i wear for jurassic park day tomorrow ? just put your arms in your shirt and walk around like a t rex 	1
kicking off in london tonight ? wait til you see the west ham fans tomorrow after we ve beaten them 	1
arrival of ship sham port abu dhabi time nov pm utc time of arrival departure is the time the vessel approaches . . .	0
holy c w just in time for halloween we got the possession aug u c pa oct i hope to god that u ll be better than devil inside !	1
how about one up here for hometown fans ? ? rt surprise green day show thursday august th 	0
congratulations on you celebrating british kid singers sophia grace u s and rosie u s st anniversary of a visit of your show . how	1
kinda yes ! i went to see equalizer tonite ! i like it . it was very interesting modern day john wayne movie . . .u may like it .	1
new series of greys anatomy starts on november one good thing about winter is the return of the best us shows ! nightsinfrontofthetelly	1
out or all the girls in the universe shawn may have a thing with a girl that annoys the fuck out of me gtg	2
won t see me i m off to bolton later today for the weekend . typical timing as ever !	2
all stoned with weed march to jantar mantar . lol . y don t volunteer to be hanged instead of yakub ?	2
i have a feeling ut will give ole miss all they want saturday . may be a trap game for om . depends on ut ol . ole miss has fierce pass rush .	0
will go near interlaken don t be surprised if my pics tomorrow look familiar to you region s super popular in bollywood 	1
psa for the white girls everything pumpkin starts august st dunkin	0
looking forward to the london grand prix tonight and tomorrow	1
niggas boutta be droppin like flies down georgetown tomorrow u c you wont catchh me there !	2
i had okc im playin online . . . the nigga had da knicks . . i was bustin dey ass then the th come u c raymond felton and jr smith	0
uk will get star wars on the th december a day before the u .s . glad i didn t put that holiday in for it yesterday d	1
may i just say that the words latte amp skinny have nothing to do with coffee and that the word barista is not in the english language ?	2
vincent jackson limited in monday practice estimates fantasy value just fine for thursday tampa bay buccaneers . . .	1
you can resort to the old madonna hit holiday ! . . . . .calibrate ! if need be . that may have pre dated you however .	1
but in other good news i m going to see taylor swift next wednesday !	1
the devil inside may be the worst movie i u ve ever seen .	2
endymion is now rocking the charts u c what nexts ? c u mon tell us something	1
can u t wait to raid cvs tomorrow for the discounted candy . halloween	1
preview of the nfc championship game sunday ? ! i u m feelin u an offensive shootout hahaha vikes cards gameoftheweek	0
by george aluo super eagles head coach sunday oliseh has declared that he is con demned to winning next . . .	0
same haha . yo i had th overall pick in a ppr . went dez over julio . feel like cowboys have to throw a ton with murray gone	0
i disagree with people who think you learn more from getting beat up than you do from winning . tom cruise	0
i ll get to see rousey with you in jan !	0
man what kendrick lamar did to j . cole s a tale of cities instrumental for black friday makes you forget it belongs to j . cole . my word	1
i think ryan reynolds u st action role was in green lantern . . .it shows in safe house u c he isnt used to it	0
went and saw paper towns got baskin robins sat in the car and talked about life for hours got home at am . i m gonna miss shannon .	1
just watched the lorax for u c like u c the rd time ! made me laugh u c smile u c frown and inspired me a lot d	1
on monday november th rndm will be performing on late night with jimmy fallon 	0
sitting watching qt with my marxist sister in law . certainly makes it interesting and the st person i ve heard who agrees with mehdi hasan	1
i ve been watching that american horror story only on the nd season but it s really quite good . definitely my kind of show .	1
loved subtweeting ur tweets about how ugly katy perry was in th grade	1
i honestly think that from now until may ish the only thing i m gonna look forward to on fridays is watching the vampire diaries !	0
illinoiscentral college night is tomorrow at icc ! come to the icc cougarplex to meet with reps from over co . . .	0
now officially brock lesnar st lost being pinned or submitted since his defeat against the game triple h at wrestlemania . years ! !	0
wait people are surprised erdogan was covertly riding the isis tiger ? that s just dumb .	2
prince george reservist who died saturday just wanted to help people his father tells	0
george harrison february november . we miss you . we love you . krishna bless you my love . 	1
i mean the tigers may be having a horrifying season but at least they don t have to wear those white sox throwback uniforms	0
 i haven t talked to you in a long time . you re chill as fuck . you may like lil wayne and drake but i still love you . ps kurt cobain	1
can you please sign my atletico madrid jersey at tomorrow s game ? formycollection pleasehelp	1
real america will stand up for itself on tuesday and make it count . mitt is ready to lead us out of our jimmy carter funk we u re in	0
chadli as a back up rd striker is not the worst thing to have . to replace kane no	0
topic on the morning news does detroit need a white mayor . . . . . . .pause . . . .wtf ? ! ? !	2
dive deep into the worlds of stefan struve and stipe miocic leading to their fuel tv main event this saturday .	0
y all can t keep comparing jcole amp kendrick that s like the moon amp the sun . . .	0
 ufo aliens black triangle sighting in pompano beach u c florida on october th basically it blended wit . . .	0
hello fam i m off work friday sat amp sun so if there s a day all of us could get together all at the same time that would be gucci hmu	1
meet the band bastille is playing at the us bank arena this friday ! check back tomorrow morning a chance to . . .	0
going to the grammys first entertainment law breakfast here in nyc tomorrow ! i u m so excited . one step closer . . .	1
 sep pigpen born ron mckernan san bruno california . the founding keyboardist of the grateful dead was . . .	0
great to chat with jk simmons amp damien chazelle about the excellent whiplash film . not out till jan but go see when you can x	1
is the future finally here ? lexus may have the hoverboard of your dreams ? video	1
 no you may not kick it . tribe called quest answering a text from billy cundiff	2
that scrap between the undertaker and brock lesnar on monday night raw last night looked like the best craic ever	1
happy sunday to all christians all over the world . we sing hosanna to our almighty god .	1
oh cause my friend got something from china and they said it will take at least to weeks and it came in the nd week p	0
this photo is from january after charlie hebdo . paris is not looking like this at the moment .	0
tomorrow is the big day ! ! happy national ice cream day ! icecreamday	1
justin bieber remember this when i show up to meet you april th	0
my mate hit a hole in one on the th ! what is ur best score around lough erne ? ?	0
 currentevents poor aaron barr u c he learned about anonymous the hard way . tomorrow we look at pipa u c sopa u c and acta .	0
testing time fr congress frm tomorrow u c ramdev at ramlila maidan delhi as he braces up to catch the rapacious bull by the horn .	0
the security wall makes israel safer . nd intafada civilians killed . after wall drop .	0
monday night football at ciscos . .win a chance at going to hawaii for the pro bowl ! ! ! happy hour all night	1
lorenzo brown over taylor any day of the week . u with just as good if not better skill set	1
check out the amazing world music festival organized for the th consecutive year by rialto theatre in limassol !	1
dred going to archie s on valentine s day . the goons may crack me too . independence ? that too happy ?	0
i dunno if i m more pumped up for football season or just to watch tom brady curb stomp the steelers tomorrow like he curb stomped goodell	1
lovatics loves demi . some lovatics bullying other fans because they spelt a word wrong it s not their st language ? bullying ? wow . just wow	1
you u ll be at lakers vs clippers game tmw ? ? i u ll be there . . . st live nba game for this german girl . . . woo hoo . . .	1
this week has me so exhausted amp i m going to a janet jackson concert tomorrow w the fam . oh mah geeeeeee	1
landry and roberts are out there too . would you cut asiata for a nd wr for flex or just start jhill cin ? also down jennings .	0
how long am i going to have to wait for naruto to end and binge watch only the th shinobi war ? nofillers	0
yes hayden is precious the st job that came to my mind for curtis was stripper . . . i m probably not precious gh	0
sat here and tried to listen to kendrick lamar because as much i do slander i still try to see the appeal . he still wack to me	2
 march wrestlemania iii watch hulk hogan beat andre the giant .	1
we re good friends . chris evans on the show jimmy kimmel november 	1
the strategy behind playing madrid amp milan on the tues amp wednesday before a saturday game old trafford ?was it a few quid for dl to trouser	0
back in the day when catholics ate fish every friday u c our school thought it u d serve for lunch the best of both worlds tunafish hot dogs .	0
highly disappointed with yakub s last rites on st page news whereas dr .kalam who was laid to rest at ramehswaram on page 	2
stuck at the office tomorrow saffers ? missing ab s v tonga ? try on streaming alternative rugby commentary arc	2
janet jackson takes fans behind the scenes of her album cover shoot on thursday the year old . . . theirfanism	1
 times oscar winner john williams will receive a lifetime achievement award at the classical brit awards on october at royal albert hall	0
so grateful justin bieber tickets for the th of october buzzinggggg	1
issuing notices to channels fr cntent arnd yakub s hangng that yr govt may not agree with is unjustified	0
 lincoln imagine running from the capitol to the white house an answer from lincoln during the vote on the th amendment	0
against barca pre season stand out player st half . . i dunno what s going on with us atm frustrating to see us lose	2
tsipras confirms secret grexit club existed denies that it was secret grexit club . . .	0
so apparently sony vaio laptops pre installed with windows probably won t receive windows drivers until after november . uninstallahoy	2
very very excited to see my favorite republican carly fiorina in the debate on the th ! ! ! i still secretly support hillary though 	1
i don t see islam on the march or people country shopping i see desperate people wanting to build a new life . refugeecrisis	0
sometime this afternoon will give you a chance to see at the kee to bala this coming saturday ! know your trivia	1
tomorrow s national hot dog day . except in along the mexico texas border where they re getting a free giant wiener today .	1
gucci bags mind intimately december flourish the match yours singleton present time addition in contemplation . . .	0
my mama going to jacksonville saturday u ci would go but she want let me u ci u m on punishment . !	2
team foster call will be on tonight thursday november st u c from pm pm eastern new access code .	0
oh dear howard webb is the referee for the manu v arsenal game on saturday at old trafford .	0
you guys need a proven goal scorer asap he fits the bill ! ! rt can roman abramovich please get us falcao in jan ! ! !	1
stuff a bus starts tomorrow at shawn s no frills we have some great draws for you to enter when you visit !	1
literally th row paul mccartney you are phenomenal	1
sunday walking dead monday gotham wednesday the thursday vampire diaries just living life to the fullest	1
charlie hebdo shooting in january bombing in june attack on the train in august has a point .	2
look forward to watching alex reid on celebrity juice at pm on itv tonight .	1
on the th anniversary of aaliyah s passing janet jackson shared a personal message	1
pats fan here . how long are you in tampa ? i fly in friday night . considering your budget u c i u d love to buy you a cigar ! generous	1
the day i went to watch jurassic world which was the th of june so the next day of the release i got a call saying my aunt was pregnant 	1
pink friday is nicki s best . and the pink print is a sloppy mess .	1
if you don t have your tickets to tomorrow nights eric church concert at the maverik center then get them now . . .	0
does anyone have an invitational at marshall for volleyball on the th ?	0
mr . travis took the sats in the th grade ! nerd fact	1
i need dustin johnson to remember who he is and that it s sunday not thursday	0
i m so happy that the hotel at auburn has free wifi so now i can watch the o .c before move in day tomorrow ! ! thishasgottabeagoodlife	1
standard english this might be rendered the reporting of big brother s order for the day in the times of december rd is	0
murray with a splendid array of swear words at the end of the nd set . sitting there with the commentator having to say sorry . sorry . 	2
sunday morning at the first church of george harrison aka listening to all things must pass . the best sunday morning album ever ? 	1
it s going to be first time watching naruto as a weekly episode watcher tomorrow . join the club !	1
fuck that next fight floyd mayweather got next saturday night . it s going to be weak as hell	2
all the houston s sc is about taylor swift being here tomorrow . . . . .	1
some good news some of the time teenager finds pics of nirvana s first gig world rejoices	1
j cole and kendrick gonna release that fire in february just make it till then	1
do not close your eyes to boko haram because they are in the north today they could be anywhere tomorrow bringbackourgirlsnow	0
anyone want to come to disneyland with and i tomorrow ? we have a spot in the car	1
 days he has so hopefully this cloud will be gone for when brad dons the maillot jaune on sunday my friend . peepotb	1
follow and meet her on november u c outside the bell center at ? 	0
 like if malcolm x somehow changed your life . . . jump head st into the deep end of a pool with no water if you . . .	0
i start school tomorrow and i m here watching kanye rant miley and nicki go at it and tori kelly blow the roof out of the vmas	0
i ve been asked to inform you that this was a joke and i definitely haven t had a copy of frank ocean s album since july . it s not true .	0
 bundesliga ft bayern munich bayer leverkusen . bayern munich drop points in the bundesliga for the st time this season !	0
i wanna go to digi in houston but my mom said she refuses to give me bucks . . looks like i need a job before sept th	2
sunday with sufjan stevens casimir pulaski day live at manchester apollo via	0
tempted to get a droid bionic today but rumors of the nexus droid prime in november are keeping me from getting one .	0
david price is the fastest bluejays pitcher to reach ks with the team . he accomplished the feat tonight in his th jays start .	1
sky really need to think of the fans more asking albion fans to get to sunderland for sat lunchtime wba	0
john cena may have suffered an injury tonight . wwehampton	0
august wisconsin gov . scott walker seeking to reclaim some of the oxygen donald trump has sucked away . . .	2
going in t mobile tomorrow with beef	2
 rd viewing of magic mike xxl tonight . what a time to be alive to have this chance to live my best life .	1
championship team news bellamy in frame for cardiff all the team news from saturday u s championship game . . . boro	0
hahaha yeah ! disney ! i said that anyway at least i got you a friday laughter ? ? good to know 	1
 meet the press if its sunday its chuck gets screwed by carly fiorina 	0
looks gorgeous ! i u m going to try it out tomorrow . do you have a base colour or just two coats of northern lights in the picture ?	1
welp glad i listened to my instincts and started romo . . .we ll see how he does tonight though	1
tomorrow when i run into you making love in my sex dreams mtvstars lady gaga	1
 i hope the apple event tomorrow is a s 	1
i just entered to win tickets to see zac brown band on september th ! you can enter too ! thanks hoffman ford !	1
ice cube t pain ashanti baby bash nd to none live at queen mary sept th . i got tickets if you need any about left	0
all i can say is that it was very unrealistic . the st movie was better storyline u c dialogue ! and of course the grey thumbs up !	2
dont even wanna believe that frank ocean s album will drop tomorrow . cant get my hopes up just to get my feelings hurt	0
i thought the nets game got cancelled but they play the heat tomorrow anyway . . damn u c i was ready to talk some shit	2
also excited to see simcity and bf armored kill during the conference tomorrow	1
jacob i m going to ihop tomorrow what should i get	0
did justin ever just sat there and thought oh . . .i m really talented 	1
it s my best friends th birthday today and she loves you ! we saw you at soundset on sunday show my girl some love	1
yakub coverage outrage over notice to channels various journalists bodies on saturday expressed shock over the show cause notice s . . .	2
whilst members of the ira receive their letters of comfort the british govt arrest veterans in relation to bloody sunday . moving on ? no ?	0
whos going to shawn concert on october in columbia sc bc we should totes meet	0
real madrid clever play paper work in late navas stays and the get de gea for next to nothing in the january window nice new year present .	1
i am tweeting this video i found as a tribute to george harrison because today is the th anniversary of his death 	1
sam smith just came on . i sat down . i will not rave to that guy	2
my column on why tom brady speaking sunday did wonders for everyone including himself . onto the steelers weei . . .	1
taco playground x deadline this saturday meet and greet with nipsey hussle and dom kennedy for the playgroun . . .	0
here s the link i am the th poem down it s only short ! ! called songbird about fleetwood mac	0
sunday a new episode of the imperia beats is here . . . filled with amazing tunes remixes by ferry corsten u c dash . . .	1
you need to get that dwight howard jersey to wear to the game tomorrow lakers	0
i keep trying to book as soon as i learn when federer s playing too late . nosebleed seats for th round ! going at .	1
i was there for charlie hebdo . my sister is going there dec so i m updating all my followers on fb . mom s ok . for now .	0
here s the shower who fine gael and unionists commissioned to do report on ira in advance of ge sinnfein vinb	2
steve emerson on sun explains the riots and real motives	0
seen them all . . .jw decent spy decent .i thought ted was hilarious . if you liked the first one you ll love the nd .	1
may i air your pictures to tom cruise if we say you shot them ? i need your answer asap . . .thanks	0
here s what a charlie hebdo cartoonist drew after the nd paris attack in less than a year . . .	0
even with this injury the fact that its thursday and i can watch vampire diaries makes me happy . thevampirediaries	1
that moment when you live in nyc but you re at college in pa when justin s performing there on thursday fuck me man	0
get your picture taken with hillary sept in cincinnati . pm . . .	1
frank gifford called games in the history of monday night football . this is the most mnf broadcast history .	1
live at tom brady talks for the st time since his suspension was lifted and a shark washes onshore in wellfleet .	0
if i don u t feel a tomorrow i u m not going to school rs !	2
 halloween good . . and who is the rd ? valentine u s day ? or ?	1
edward idk if it ll turn into a movie though it was for the th twilight anniversary it s so so good xx	1
in honor of star wars day ! who else is going to the movies this fine thursday ?	1
why is john kasich there ? was he the th caller ? gopdebate	0
i just saw paper towns today and i kinda wanna go see it again tomorrow	1
yes i see . the stormfront idiots callhim the th reiche dont they know his son amp law is jewish ? they have property in israel ?	2
i want to start international talk like a grunt day in honor of the years i served in the us army infantry . every oct .	1
love sales and apple watches ? join on from pm est for the st fall sales invitational	1
 njed please join and myself this tuesday pm as we discuss hib . special guest moderator glad to have you .	1
sat in attendance with miss usa miss teen usa and miss universe at the yankees game yesterday .	1
it s the best . i can t wait to christen my new patio on september with some coffee and redzone on ipad .	1
yeah hawks ! going to the ship for the rd consecutive year ! so proud of everyone let u s conquer gordon u s stupid grass field ! notupinhere !	1
no deal on an exclusive outing with to friday s astros game ? ! what kind of amazon prime day is this ? !	0
gonna be at disneyland tomorrow . hella excited . it s been too long . come hang out with me and getter and a bunch of other djs !	1
rt rt nigeria play england in the round of on wednesday th at pm nigeria time u worldcup	0
should we say that ruto is now the th president of kenya ? yes or no	0
the world was actually on my side and the sun was shining and i got gucci photos thx world	0
who to the bell game tomorrow though	0
my turn to be office dj u on repeat . one may come in the name of love . . 	1
is so damn cute ! ! ! day to go directioners ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! it u s coming out at tomorrow ! ! ! ! ! ! liam mm morning	1
how did sharknado get a rd film ? how did sharknado even get a film to begin with ? life doesn t make much sense .	2
jump in the cage ! would you turn your back on a shark for a selfie ? this was on sunday s twilight tour sharkdiving	0
can i just go to the jason aldean concert sunday ? ? ?	0
rt program alert will be having a debate whether or not boise state can win it all ! check out the show today . . .	0
simultaneously exhilarated and humbled prepping to teach christians muslims and jews in the middle ages for the st time 	1
i saw that the other day .maybe with more time on monday we can get more into it . . that damn erdogan ! hope it blows up in	2
i m behind on naruto now cause i haven t seen it all day . i hope i can get to the s before school next monday	0
matt cain legit just hung straight pitches over the plate . kris bryant fouled of them th one a long dinger . can t make that mistake !	0
i ll finally be purchasing a ps in october ! i ll be one of the cool kids . oh and my kill to death is pretty insane watch out on cod 	1
whenever i look michael up on wiki u c my heart breaks when it says u michael joseph jackson august th june th u 	2
on thursday janet jackson teased more of her return to music with a photo shoot in which she looked incredibly . . .	1
 gamlingay folks saturday is gamlingay green day ! see you all there from am 	1
if you like rap and don t like kendrick s black friday news flash you don t really like rap	0
people who support islam in australia may as well just come out and say we want our country turned into a muslim shithole .	2
took a break to reread moebius and stan lee s silver surfer book . it may be minor moebius but i love it since it introduced me to his work .	1
can t wait for tomorrow night ! and no not bc of jersey shore but bc it s the first official game of the nfl season !	1
another democratic candidate entered the race on sunday will vp joe biden follow suit ?	1
i just sat through a whole u song without even realizing it i m pissed	2
i ve already destroyed your revision of what tony blair said amp provided a link . tell me more about your expertise	2
i m crying ! o thank you for giving hannibal a home for years and doing your best to keep it there	1
seattle lost last night which brought tuesday to a close at at . the rockies ml was make or break even and kris bryant answered .	0
donaire in the race for fighter of the year award . won u t be surprised if he nails it . first he must beat jorge arce in houston on dec .	0
guess dani will play with u guys tomorrow . .somebody tell that there is no way in hell . .louisville is going to the orange bowl tho	2
i know what you mean my bday was on the th zayn left on the 	0
on a scale of to rebecca black how happy are you that it s friday	0
who wants to see the foo fighters in indianapolis tomorrow ? i have two tickets that i m not going to get to use . so bummed !	2
expect our extensive galaxy note and s edge coverage tomorrow it s hardly a secret anymore the galaxy no . . .	1
claims they can t do anything but upgrade at my own cost . st month with them should have stayed with t mobile contract . avoidee	2
kris bryant with a bottom of the th two out walk off home run for a cubs win !	0
houston i m selling two tickets for the sam smith concert for this friday at the toyota center ! send me a message if your interested !	0
yes these are the submissions to be considered by grammys . in december they announce the actual nominees .	0
come to the twilight market next tues dec from pm your last chance to stock up before we reopen on jan !	1
a white guy just quoted mlk jr . on stage at a conservative conference . liberals may now tantrum it up . freepac	2
who are the dumb asses who decided to shutdown main st on a friday for a town of u c for a strawberry festival	2
it s good otherwise i wouldnt have come back ! it s ok though i m off to the chateau marmont for dinner again tomorrow .	1
noel gallagher tomorrow . . can u t wait to see the legend ! ! ! ! !	1
needed the loo since bethnal green . . . now the other side of romford this suit might be getting dry cleaned tomorrow	2
federer back for th us open federer hopes his us open first round encounter against the argentine goes much . . .	1
i tweeted the exact same pic on saturday lol was down there for the patriots game	0
please entertain me tonight it s the final raw leading into summerslam ! respeckkk	0
this friday evening is brought to you by the strains of eric clapton . well played ipod . sucking up to me after playing u yesterday	0
 . leader on the remorseless drift of david cameron in response to refugee crisis	1
i see u are planning to come to ireland and go head to head with a limerick a day . brave lads .	0
romney u s great line about trickle down government was coined by gov . mitch daniels as early as january . mitt uses good sources .	1
 yakubverdict my yr old exclaimed tomorrow will be the worst birthday for yakub but his st bday was worst for the country ! makes sense	2
currently trying to learn all the words to calibraska so i know them for the show in november calibraskaep	0
born in july with the same life path as mick jagger .	0
carefully vet the intake christians families as opposed to men of fighting age no burqas niqabs amp headscarves .	2
as u plays here they are also preparing for experiment w an th official called a u tonight or nd umpire . stands offensive backfield	0
wow what a game the dodgers win in the bottom of the th by a walk off hr by jack kemp .	1
the weather la is beyond nirvana . days per year ! ! lol enjoy it . oct is coming ! ! ! lol	1
gms market commentary on ship breaking in week . with eid holidays now over it was hoped that some resurgence . .	0
thanks christians for giving us a hour break from capitalism yet still helping to uphold it . i guess .	1
weekly trendlines in ftse and dax are broken . spx still handles to go test it . just saying . selling may not be done yet .	2
sadie is listening to sam smith rn even though she s going to his concert tomorrow lol ok	1
listening to kim soo hyun u s ost for moon sun and thinking about how i u m gonna see his beautiful face on the big screen tomorrow d	1
thursday blackheath by election . vote ukip . you know it makes sense .	1
my rd article for solo travel society . this time it u s all about seoul u c south korea ! 	0
tsipras referendum was decided friday morning in a brussels summit when we we re given a take it or leave it deal	0
rt boehner wants president to change speech to thurs instead of going against gop debate . what ? same time as packers . . .	2
christmas may be over but the tony bennett amp lady gaga commercial still has me too scared to go to barnes and noble . someonehadtosayit !	2
get out my mentions . you not gonna have justin beating my ass like i m darius foh	0
got my t shirt from the marching band s danny elfman show washed and ready to go for spiritday tomorrow !	1
tomorrow is national freebooth awareness day . wear orange so i know it real .	0
david wright s e on throw pulls off st tho he looked out . get unearned runs lead mets .	0
reserved my movie ticket for ted for this saturday . hopefully the film be good as the first one which i liked .	1
comedy central going in tonight . . .	0
mn s business meeting tomorrow at kane am . rsvp to patti and remember all the construction on w and e .	0
new iphone announcement tonight . if i don t get one ordered tomorrow with for my upgrade there will probably be tears .	1
rt according to reporters on the scene at practice lions rookie rb mikel leshoure was carted off field today with a left . . .	0
prepping for tomorrow s national hot dog day . hot dog cupcakes with whipped icing weenie and condiments . it s a . . .	0
lets play monopoly when gucci gets home since he doesn t have school tomorrow	0
gonna have to dvr this isner and federer match . . . this thing is good . getting ready to head to a tiebreaker in the st set . usopen 	1
only thing getting me through the week is seeing tom brady s sexy ass play on thursday	1
it s also reminds me of bee gees song for saturday night fever soundtrack . . s vibe	1
kim kardashian wears star wars princess leia s slave bikini in throwback pics from kanye . . . on friday the . . .	0
make sure to check out the weekly friday u s round up of book signings u c interviews and reviews over at the oak . . .	0
i guess you considered that th inning vs the red sox on friday a comeback as well	0
 in the st match of the season milan beat mantova with a hat trick from jose altafini mantovamilan	1
 rangers place josh hamilton on the day dl retro to aug with left knee inflammation . activate will venable	0
arsenal fc amp th position in the epl a better love story than twilight amp titanic !	1
hi jason are you free for a quick phone interview tomorrow for podcast on what ukip s priorities are for next parliament ?	0
venice beach and or mission beach dates will get you at least to nd base . i promise .	1
it may be but i finally got to watch the new batman sacrifices	1
i have school by nirvana stuck in my head along with january th amp apparently by j . cole . not necessarily a bad thing lol	1
at us open the dustin johnson choke was sunday . at open championship it began on saturday . at pga championship it is starting thursday	0
i may dislike like facebook but i fucking hate google with an unholy passion . what an ugly unintuitive interface .	2
just discovered restaurant on top of centre point . am now taking agent to it tomorrow . no idea what food like but presumably view sublime !	1
i think i d be pretty star struck if i got to meet zlatan during the psg vs man utd game tomorrow . . .	1
super eagles coach sunday ogorchukwu oliseh has downplayed the absence of lille metropole of france keeper vincent enyeama from his squad	0
also started my nd game to juggle alongside dark souls for the channel first parts will be up tomorrow morning also dark souls parts	0
ironman wales in september ? fancy it ? warm welcome from us welshies in tenby !	1
witness the impossible . the hoverboard is about to become a reality . on the th of august lexus will unveil . . .	1
my nightmare for the season with our unbalanced squad is we finish th th then all our best players hugo kane eriksen etc want to leave	0
off to swansea tonight . hoping for sun on the beach tomorrow optomistic	1
friday night and i m just chillen eating dunkin with jay waiting to see mars	0
i think that last friday night by katy perry is lowkey a bop there i said it	2
yep . need to do that by year end or by april th depending on the kind of ira . remember to fund hsa too if you have one !	0
happy bank holiday monday ! it s raining in the uk so i m off to the movies later to perv on tom cruise lol . . .	1
open source misconceptions fading it web south africa may be up to five years behind the rest of the world in . . .	2
i can t wait for the cinderalla collection ! i know what i m doing on friday pay day !	1
san jose calif . based ebay nasdaq ebay announced the job cuts in a statement monday morning . most of the job eliminations would be fro . . .	2
if john kasich was frustrated by the medias momentary obsession with the billionaire real estate mogul tuesday he didnt show it	0
looking for someone to go with to a zac brown band concert on august st at citi field . anyone interested ?	1
nollywood rising with october kunle afolayan is the most important ambassador the nigerian government does n . . .	1
break out the sunday red . tiger woods is back . america is back .	1
i race the sun home in the morning and the moon up at night jennifer lawrence	0
brock lesnar may be the beast but amp are pretty sexy beasts too	1
 nothing new under the sun ! history always repeats ! brilliant article thanks .	1
having family pictures done on saturday with my favorite girls ! hannah u c katie u c shan and my tam ! can u t wait ! life can u t get any better !	1
kris bryant just hit the furthest home run i may have ever seen in my life	1
the city of milan was brought to a standstill on monday after the local government barred all traffic within . . .	2
can t wait for saturday i m going to my first ever bills game ! wanna see t mobile start	1
my car park ticket for foo fighters on saturday hasn t been posted yet . what s going on ?	0
please welcome to the stage sam elliott doing your friend becky s bad blood 	0
ole boy who preached sunday looked like david ruffin from the temptations	0
this upcoming thursday my patriots are going to smash these steelers ! ! ! tom brady is gonna be angry and he s going to put unreal s up ! ! !	1
phish august th . . the day they covered grateful dead s terrapin station suite on anniversary of jerry s death	1
holi . . . .cuantas on ? para volvernos crazy crazy crazy till we see the sun xx	1
no ms . merkel central europe doesn t want muslims and you re not going to force them onto us . germany hungary	2
hope you all tuned into the chelsea flower show some of the exhibitors will be at the kent garden show beginning on the nd of june !	1
so is back and on great form with some much needed george harrison for a monday morning . coolestbeatle	1
a model walks during the th annual salon du chocolat show in paris u c wearing a dress made entirely out of . . .	0
good vibes to as she competes for miss usa tomorrow july th in baton rouge !	1
the genre a day for aug is mellow gold with music by billy joel don henley fleetwood mac and more	0
david wright played innings at rd base in port st . lucie tonight and went . mets	0
off to enrole at college tomorrow i don t want to grow up aghh .	2
gucci bags death instinct thought may hike the dualistic thine suggestive access swelling towards favoring bla . . .	0
bu grads are the th most employable in us after harvard u c yale u c stanford u c mit u c columbia u c and princeton . hopethisistrue	1
me starting yoga tomorrow . tips ? yoga expert friend just listen to your body me i hate listening to my body it never listens to me	0
vanessa u s gonna be at the soccer field tomorrow u c not the gym she forced me to tell you 	1
i would go and see jurassic world in the cinema tomorrow as it s the last time they are showing it but my friends don t like it	0
note to ids david cameron may be your friend but he is not right and he s certainly not honourable .	2
today is the las day to buy big krit slim thugg tickets for their show in starkville tomorrow ricks cafe	0
john cena and randy orton brawl outside the ring raw jan . via	0
if you are in vancouver this weekend u c check out on sat . at the commo in vancouver u c bc concert	0
contraband with the boys ! so eager to finally watch it ! ! monday bored ineedmoregirlfriends pathetic	1
first friday tonight y u all come out to club bodi	0
nigeria coach sunday oliseh has revealed that he craves the success he has been able to achieve as player with the super eagles .	0
when the gay marriage thing went thru i sat next to a bunch of politicians that stated he was all about the smaller things in life	0
i let convince me to go to the queen mary with her tonight . and we both have class at a .m . tomorrow . yolo	1
sunday is national ice cream day and we re celebrating with vanilla cones ! come on by th amp osuna sunday from to .	1
just cus it u s friday here are reasons why bill murray is awesome	1
the pdf of the forward press magazine issue that delhi police illegally confiscated read it share it save it .	0
the bee gees are coming to you this friday . call us on for more information or visit our website to book .	0
monday night raw on tonight cena s back and brock lesnar and undertaker are back !	1
eric church opening the brand new venue downtown tonight and tomorrow . tomorrow dolly at ryman . shania at bridgestone . insanity	1
arnab goswami why so angry with rahul gandhi . .its his programme . .probably gandhi did impress the students . that may be the reason .	0
sam smith on twitter talking about the end of his tour . he better be in raleigh come october .	0
sorry ! ! still hope to see you in los angeles in february ! ! nftyconvention	2
 i u m thinking i wear a singlets tomorrow for sports day ! haha . oh how i miss marana spirit days ! 	0
guys instead of focusing on the briana drama let s all vote mitam	0
rt is it true the mta will not be running on saturday due to the hurricane ?	2
via gigaom facebook may have solved mobile but google is still struggling with it	0
 seats for an apple product announcement ? iphone is just upgrade . apple siri tv may be big . i wonder who s playing ? taytay ? billy j . ?	0
rib injury for zlatan against russia is a big blow if he misses austria game tuesday . a chance for new sunderland striker toivonen safc	0
avondale finally gets into the end zone i need tim smith touchdown pass . seaholm still leads late in th	1
packers te richard rodgers will do some catching up with his dad sunday jsonline	0
apple s keynote set to start pm central time . stream it here 	0
dear tl does anyone have any ziall fic recs for my dear she went with me to see wwa and i think she may be hooked ? ? ? o 	1
at noon today u c you u ll know why youcount tune in to abs cbn to see the st tvc of the biggest d u brightest bpo employer in ph convergys	1
 . .now disappeared sun gone for the day . twilight with soft skies to say goodbye to friday . we must all remember we are blessed . godsworld	1
the future looks bright for the red sox .	1
 news emmy winner and golden globe nominee bradley whitford will apper in the season of shameless ! season coming up in january !	0
good morning ! listen at to score lunch at aladdin s natural eatery in the trivia cafe . . .and at for your tickets to darien lake !	0
kris bryant comes through in the st . his single plates a pair before he s thrown out at b . cubs lead it through a half inning .	0
love david wright but he may be one of the most un clutch player in the major leagues	1
two thirds of the ncaa football season are completed . the race for the bcs title game is heading to a huge controversy .	2
caitlyn jenner may face vehicular manslaughter charges . only three months as a woman and already she can t fucking drive .	2
hamilton scratched vs . twins with sore knee the rangers have scratched josh hamilton from wednesday s . . . 	0
in the end this may have lasted longer than iran deal	0
rt rally at gandhi statue marina beach at pm today . join the iacc show your solidarity with anna hazare . pls rt ma . . .	0
lol sister sister act correctly big brother is watching . may you be blessed with true goodness amp beauty always .	1
thanks for the chill stream guys . csgo face it is working well but teams are shit . hopefully controller comes in tomorrow for dark souls . lt 	2
since first three red sox hitters reached to open the game morgan has retired of last batters he s faced . phillies lead in th .	0
is going to be arriving at the tomorrow for the uwefreshers . come and try yoga for free !	0
i dont understand this hate thing cos in the st place kpop is different from d tbh way different lol	0
elite dangerous will be available in xbox one by october polygon confirms in just a couple months the hi . . .	1
heads up that david wright is back with the mets for the first time since april tonight so i may have feels about baseball tonight .	1
i m going to see the foo fighters tonight in edinburgh ! i expect to be a better human being tomorrow morning ! . . .	1
enjoy the rd day of eid with great relish 	1
in moscow getting ready for the live demo at art park on sunday . come join if you fancy	1
first u c rondo . nd u c you know who u s higher ? darko millicic u c lebron james u c carmelo anthony u c etc .	0
tomorrow in class u c me u c you and ash are going to discuss ideas of what we u d all like to do saturday 	0
bias is prevalent at all levels . you don t want find yourself on the bubble on selection sunday ncaa	2
morning all lovely rainy day in scotland yet again . back to watching live stream indieweekend and see what going on today d	1
conor told dana white he will knock aldo out in minutes of the st round	0
goodnight niall . i hope tht you have a good day tomorrow . talk to you soon . god bless you . sweet dreams my prince . i love u	1
considering the size of our squad these days u c we could have done without extra time ahead of another trip to tayside on saturday . hmfc	0
rt michael jackson remembering june th onlymjfansunderstand i love you michael jackson	0
seth rollins great match with neville on monday night raw very entertaining match	1
my nd fav is lake brienz near interlaken on a stormy day 	1
yes . i m ready for hs college pro . bring it ! make monday better ! we can now come home to mnf ! you ready for some football ?	1
bad blood has women from multiply races in the video anaconda has girls shaking their butt . . . . .like c mon now this is not about race .	0
found high school musical on netflix . . .may or may not be watching it . wish you were here	0
i have a couple u c of jets games u c but they u re from the end of the season . wish i u d kept more of dec . also u c i have the sam gagner game .	0
russell u beat me it lol i was gonna tweet about the classical brit awards being on this sunday xxxxxxx	0
 more chances for you to see paul mccartney in the us october dates here 	0
so the usa is awesome because all republicans are having gay marriages tomorrow ! freedomofspeech	1
where have you been since th grade ? sandra to maite	0
rt rt rt retweet if you re ready for big brother tonight ! teamjorchel bb cbsbigbrother can t w . . .	0
seriously ! itunes puts like an entire minute as a preview so seconds is nothing . and i know ! it needs to be monday asap !	0
come see sac ay lait this friday at the creative alliance ! . . .	1
literally just laying here watching cat videos and the rousey fight instead of sleeping . . .tomorrow s gonna suck .	2
i miss sarah g live last sunday . will watch it later .	2
tomorrow is national hot dog day and will have big bites ! get you a wiener ! nationalhotdogday bigbite eleven wieners	1
rt there won t be just a party in the usa tonight there ll be a party worldwide when miley wins . booyah ! tcaformiley	1
on a side note . . we have a show with call the shots and set the record on the th of november ! get your tickets from oztix !	0
kris bryant grounds into a double play headed to the bottom of the th in san francisco the score remains cubs giants 	0
we as christians may ask the question why is everything turning to evil and to the worse for the true child of . . .	0
duelo makes me want to go and hit up rodeo every saturday houstontx	0
david wright may be back but degrom looks really bad right now . the mets should be taking out of the next . . .	2
the charlie hebdo killers were french so there s a high possibility these are french too . may as well just shoot everyone . . .	2
if tomorrow my wrestling promotion was up and running it would be brock lesnar . you need someb . . . wwe tna raw	1
some outrageous shots from federer in the tiebreak . the clean half volley return of a djokovic nd serve just about the best of them .	1
so tune in around pm pacific for more monster hunter ultimate action with subs and mods lt then monday with viewers ! menulive	1
if dana white was smart he would ve waited on this fight . stretched it out may v pac style . mcgregor is a promotional magnet . ufc	2
senior ads and quotes for the yearbook are due tomorrow !	0
if you upgraded to windows you may be able to perform a clean install with the windows iso download . if not you need 	0
ed sheeran could top first friday chart with x ahead of sold out . . . pharrellwilliams	1
chris evans and robert downey jr . are about to be on jimmy kimmel live on abc and since disney owns abc they may have the civil war preview .	0
last friday was a blast . i really missed mamox coz shes the only one who understands me when it comes to kpop . we even sang pm s go crazy 	1
who left the door unlocked in tuesday u s wizards game ? our breaks it down .	0
scott walker i hope in the future we ll re establish the patriot act washington times	0
hd clip of knocking southbound pachyderm out with valor at tuesday night . cc 	0
suso was the correct decision . he went to milan who finished th amp got games . hardly pulling up trees .	1
tbh . drag me down music video was so good that i didn t notice zayn was missing until the th time i watched it	1
katrina tops sunday morning show agenda bobby jindal sits down with both abc and cbs . new orleans mayor mitch la . . .	1
federer overtakes lendl for second longest streak of being seeded at the us open in the open era . th straight year . connors leads with .	1
rt tomorrow is the big cast reveal for season of dwts ! make sure you tune in to the bachelor pad to find out the sexy cast .	1
ahh me too if you like rella you u ll like ny ned flanders . . . it u s the rd song on vol . !	1
thanks to kris bryant s walkoff hr in th the cubs got their mlb leading th walkoff win of the season .	0
kendrick and cole drop songs for us on black friday ! we talk through it on show ! peep !	1
the st article pointed out to me for my fb page dedicated to the announcer at bethnal green hoping the st of many !	1
my previous tweet just reminded me that my th grade choir class sang all star by smash mouth . can u t decide if that was a win or a fail .	2
shabbat shalom all the joshua of israel . may god bless u amp keep u amp favour u .hv a blessed holiday seasons amp a victorious !	1
floyd mayweather will go toe to toe with haitian american boxer andre berto on september in his final fight bad luck mundine nochance	0
my dad is in town get to see him on friday then seeing skrillex at bluesfest on saturday . looks like its going to be a good weekend 	1
i didn t exactly want to spend my tuesday morning memorizing the geographical features in saudi arabia . . but okay	2
last day for supplementary nominations to swedish gn and champion hurdle mon june th at noon . gmt e mail sport	0
trying to cope with dec milan heat wearing a suit . . .	0
somebody please come with me to see sam smith tomorrow ! !	1
 catherinebelll i watched good witch for the st time . what a wonderful show . i u ve seen all ur jag and army wives . ur fan ara	1
owasi backs yakub with a religious spin . it s a disservice to yakub . he has mitigating factors in favour .religious spin may spoil his case	0
another beautiful day . . .hanging out at venicebeach sunday losangeles venice beach	1
it s a big enough anthem down at the icc on a saturday night ! vaccines ifyouwanna	1
just because your hunger for more money zlatan will play in a team that finished at the th place and struggle for top shame	2
false no such thing as a song better than march madness kendrick would tell you that too	2
why can t people just accept that louis got briana pregnant end of story move on	2
so ready for october . pre vaca to my out of the country vacation . amp a new lexus is on my radar .	1
have an extra ticket to see rndm on saturday in d .c . anyone want in ?	1
big bang concert is tomorrow . oh my lord ! ! boo hoo hoooo u cries all the seas 	0
i liked a video justin bieber full interview october selena gomez and what do you mean 	1
tottenham are without several big names for tonight u s thursday match at stadion ljudski vrt . emmanuel adebayor cont 	0
go and be their th member your a bitch like them anyway islam is the best religion in the world	1
mook podesta are blowing hillary s nd crack at wh . making the same huge mistakes as . need to let hrc loose . too inaccessible to staff	0
if i wake up tomorrow and the boys still didnt tweet about metlife i will personally fly to the set of that video and make it happen myself	0
justin s gonna be on ellen on friday i m so excited i love when he s there	1
chelsea ready january bid for star with price tag in excess o . . . 	0
hell yeah . i m ready for sunday to get here . going to the white sox game . it s been a while ! ! !	1
arsenal s danny welbeck was awful in the st half but it was great to see welbeck ex mufc legend on the scoresheet in the nd half .	1
i may have the ass of kim kardashian but i ve the face of another celeb ! now i need to work out whose cock i have !	2
happy birthday beyonce salutejayz may you have years of happiness salute	1
hahaha . . . . rest assured it will be something big on tuesday in putrajaya	1
tomorrow i m gonna lock myself in my room and not be on social media all day bc i don t want to see any posts about ed sheeran concert 	2
i don t wanna see ice cube son re do all ice cube parts .i saw boyz in da hood .a remake of friday .what s next .all about the benjamin s ? !	2
i love me some college football but i can t wait to watch some tom brady and the patriots play on thursday . nfl	1
if anyone in melbourne wants vip tickets to see katy perry on friday the th i m selling them on ebay 	0
took a pic of this guy who sat in front of me during miss usa b c he looked important . i guess he is pretty important	0
gonna be interesting may go to memphis next sunday for the heat game then charleston thursday for college basketball . soitbegins	1
tomorrow is national hot dog day ! skips away singing it s the moooost wonderful tiiiime of the yeeeeaaaar	1
i m going back to richard bland in january 	1
the safest place to be in tottenham tonight is the spurs trophy cabinet . there s no chance of looters visiting there . gooners goonerpower	1
alex gordon went for with a double and an rbi single in saturday s loss to the white sox . royals	0
pga shot tracker is awful . dustin johnson apparently hit one feet from the hole on his nd shot but somehow has a bogey now	0
wow my dad would have agreed w u his st cd mariah carey when listening to a new stereo he made the purchase	1
brock lesnar is home tonight . amp how appropriate because after he loses sunday he s gonna go home amp stay there ! raw brockshomecoming	0
down to eugene to see the grateful dead david gans vibetribe vibes friday greenvibesstage	1
in this pic dana white is either immensely proud of his fighters or a creepy perv and i m not sure which one it is	0
kkl jnf international expo mission to milan the expo exhibition opened in milan on may st and it will c . . .	0
kris bryant with his th hr of this season ! ! ! cubs lead .	1
 toronto blue jays took a lead into the th inning but david price gave up runs and aaron sanchez couldn t . . .	0
i hope nicki attends the givenchy show friday .	1
this is a tribute to kurt cobain . it s the same recording that i already posted season s in the sun but . . .	0
utah tonight . saturday rolling with baylor stanford and ucla so far	0
feel so much better knowing thor will be in the house sunday .	1
this earthquake may be the only thing in the history of the mta that hasn t caused service disruptions . . .	2
we lost one of the greats today . . frank gifford was amazing and also had the voice that i loved on monday night . greathof	1
kung fu panda or take em back to the jungle book rt movie night with the kids at the crib . what should we watch ? ?	0
no i vehemently disagree if wenger was as past it as you say arsenal would not have finished th as	0
i wanna go to chapel hill tomorrow night but its going to be so cold . i u ll just go to work instead !	0
chris brown ran a season best in the meters for nd place in . at aviva london grand prix	1
sunday afternoon bike ride with my honey ! perfect day sundayfunday mylove venice beach california	1
still haven t seen it yet ! i love jurassic park so much too man .	1
kelly looks to keep rolling in series opener vs . white sox monday s series opener between the red sox and white . . .	0
madonna is going to remain as the most awarded artist	1
i m seeing ed sheeran on wednesday in miami so if you wanna meet up or say hi hmu !	1
de la soul on with now this is a proper saturday night !	1
hmmm . diablo iii ultimate evil edition is on sale for sony s th anniversary . but don t know anyone playing on ps to make it seem worth	0
omg roosies on a thursday is the best ever . drunk chelsea happy chelsea	1
politics hope you decide to have carly fiorina on the debate september th . a lot of people would like that .	1
eu presses boeing subsidies case at wto . the eu called thursday on the world trade organization to formally take up . . .	0
i wanna go to the queen mary tomorrow 	1
got my sunday sussed out start with russian game mk dons edinburgh derby for starters . !	1
it may work cause it keeps un syncing from the xbox one	0
jack did you get this ? trend runako morton ? ce	0
do you ever just cry on a daily basis bc of how fat and ugly u are and the fact that u may never meet niall harry louis liam and zayn hurts	2
it s almost as serious as this sunday night when john cena defends the wwe world title at wwe superslam ! ! !	1
sat in the car on this rainy saturday and fm play my sweet lord by george harrison . mood improves immediately .	1
what time does shawn s concert on the th start at	0
you have to put it on your easter list release date is april th . you can preorder on amazon .	1
so this sunday monday i am going to be coming over to t mobile . i have an unlocked iphone s that s not from t mobile	1
saturday deep stack will be back at the prince george from tomorrow .	0
hulk hogan s twitter feed just brightened up monday morning	1
must be the worse golfer of all time irish amature paul dunne teed off . am thursday scheduled to finish around . pm on monday ! ! !	2
our first christmas together and we got to celebrate our year the th . merry christmas from curtis and i !	1
a very young dobber had the privilege of watching frank gifford providing commentary on monday night football . much respect ripfrankgifford	1
the saga may end but the love friendships will last ever loveislouderthanrollingthefinalcredits	1
milan fans living through bee he s living our dream . just please get rid of galliani before buying the club	0
a good few arsenal fans still pulling for giroud . guess it s rd th in the league round of in cl and maybe an fa cup again .	0
anyone tryna go see zac brown band with me oct 	0
the others are good . worry about iran . on the other hand muslims like to bomb their own . may be we in luck . . .	0
well i guess this is the last monday i can blame gin mill for my hangover .	0
prince george smiles with prince william in the cutest new photo released ahead of nd birthday celebrities	1
sat next to a black guy on a train u c when niggas in paris came on . . . had to turn it up !	0
focus on briana and michael and your family just look at those gorgeous grand babies ! they think u r the sun ! be happy vicki .	1
tiger memon rang up family on july before yakub s hanging instead of grieving for his brother who was about to die tiger was ta . . .	2
i m still mulling over the ideas and challenges of thursday s mysa conference in rockhampton . such a great session . mysaoz	1
nicki may have forgiven taylor . . . but i still think she s corny for what she did .	2
also the dems had huge majorities in both chambers of congress obama s st yrs in office . republicans controlled nothing .	2
kim kardashian and kanye west welcomed their son into the world on saturday and on monday they announced he shall henceforth be known as	1
a solar eclipse is a sign that chuck norris won a staring contest against the sun . . . again .	1
watchout georgia dome cause the raiders are hungry to see you in december playoff bound	1
the sultan of sokoto alhaji sa ad abubakar has said boko haram terrorist are out to spoil the name of islam as a whole . may they be exposed	0
its always been this way . nothing new under the sun . bitches been gay since cain killed abel . ya ll are not doing anything new . . .	2
will there still be sats at the school this saturday ? ?	0
conor mcgregor may be the most absurd person out there . with that being said he s da real mvp .	0
is tim tebow dating camilla belle ? everyone is interested in tim tebow . some people may not like him but you ha . . .	1
you can take ufc mma or heavyweight boxing but that brock lesnar vs undertaker fight on may have been one of the best ever brawls .	1
how many times you stepped in a mosque and sat down and spoke to muslims ? never ! i suspect .	0
tina fey to co host golden globes london u c oct rock u star tina fey is set to reunite with fellow u . . .	0
at last theresa may says something must be done about immigration ukip are winning the argument	0
samajwadi party may patch up with trinamool congress sp sources affirm that party chief mulayam singh yadav is likely to patch up wi . . .	1
the day after soundset is the day i find out where i didn t put sun screen .	2
ct fashion week presents the st annual riviera expo front street quinnipiac riviera new haven ct . . . .	0
i am cait why caitlyn jenner s low ratings aren t all bad news though e ! may have had high hopes for the i am cait which documents . . .	0
i m sure umbc is going to be cancelled tomorrow but can they make it official already ?	2
justin bieber s pianoforte was not you may not remember her life .	0
heard on news caitlyn jenner may be charged with manslaughter . experts say her gender won t have any effect on charges seriously ? smdh	2
isis is on the march being bombed by everyone it seems to no avail . saudi arabia keeps bombing yemen as . . .	2
gotta buy that rolling stone this friday so i can read about dre n em	0
shit i see ed sheeran next saturday and niall s birthday is the day after i m about to be so fucked up	0
also may be sending more like them will divide india like in yakub case with support of ghantallectuals . . . .	0
well you re white so you re gucci ! avoid the sun though because you might get tan ! !	1
can you make happy wheels compatable with ipod th generation my game lags so much and you can see everything but the floor .	2
abuja aug reuters nigeria s security agency said on sunday it had made significant breakthroughs in the fight against boko haram	1
someone come see janet jackson with me in march since my mom is forcing me to go lol	1
i would love the audio book u the art of war u by sun tzu u c as read by jim white ! ! mountainsandsea	1
hulk hogan may be a liar a pig a cheat a racist but he is not a pornstar !	2
love is just a history that they may prove mtvstars lady gaga	0
i love kendrick s nd album as much as anyone but it doesn t compare to good kid mad city	1
and as the usual suspects try to manufacture another invitation to dehumanise muslims you really need to watch this .	2
im going to be the black dahlia tomorrow and no ones going to get it because everyone is stupid .	2
ppp poll in nh evidence the disaster not nominating trump could be for trump as an independent beats jeb bush for nd to 	0
final destination opens this friday . tell us about your closest brush with death for a chance to win a pair of . . .	0
watched a movie yesterday the s on ovtv and was pleasantly surprised to see michael easton john oltl in it .	1
timezones outside of canada seem to confuse me but i m cheering for tonga in tomorrow s rwc opener . at least i think it s tomorrow .	0
july pm est big time movie will be premiering on ytv with one direction commenting during commercials via	0
oh tomorrow i ll probably rant about black fashion and blacks aspiration to purchase luxury brands louis gucci versace etc 	1
you broke asses better donate tomorrow if you go to ihop and leave me a tip	2
tiger woods apparently isn t clutch any more . he finished under t th at the wyndham championship amp will miss out on the fedex playoffs	0
all across the us with live feeds down big brother fans are seeing the sun for the first time in months .	0
vegas here i come yeah watch out las vegas the bring back the brown sd is taking over at las vegas next week and tomorrow	1
i hope niall s day was better than the other day .hope tomorrow goes good also	1
gucci plenty inner man equilibrium june bear fruit the mates yours esoteric in offshoot versus dead shot robus . . .	0
literally going to see ted tomorrow and then for my parents th anniversary we re going out ahh it s gonna be good	1
tomorrow . . . ima hit this gym thang and sauna until i flush out all the lunchables i ate and all the bong rips i took this labor day weekend	1
my yr old cousin didnt know ice cube was a rapper . . .just an superstar actor from the friday movies lol	0
i come through the drive through at dunkin just about every sunday and it s been two weeks since my regular doughnut girl has been there .	0
my family amp i flew from israel for hours and our nd flight was delayed one day . we were only an hour away from home delightdelaysweeps	2
many may know frank gifford as a legendary football player devoted to the new york giants . others may hear his . . .	0
wait but e news just said its on sunday ! ! !	0
the fact he sees the rationale of charlie hebdo attack is why his policies are impotent against isis	2
kevin and i are selling our jason aldean tickets for this thursday . if you are interested let us know .	0
obama get off your high horse christians c mon mr . president tell us how you really feel	0
i do understand that john kasich has written two books . i m not saying he doesn t know what s in the books . someone may have drawn pictures .	2
who wants to go see justin with me on friday ?	0
what apple watch has reminded me hope it s coming sooner than march looking at you valentine s day .	1
maybe because muslims say denmark will be st european muslim country . they want the world .	0
i hope i meet the boys on saturday amp i hope niall follows me amp amp ! ! ! ! !	1
opening night saturday at maverik center . it s going to be our best opening crowd night in over years . get . . .	1
went to see rise of the planet of the apes tonight great movie b for sure . ! !lchris rockz ! ! !	1
bca voter education guide for november . endorsed candidates information on the constitutional amendments	0
happy friday ! ed sheeran just played on the radio and it made my day ! hope everyone has a great day !	1
fuck it i haven u t done nothing in like months . maybe i will see if my mom will watch aaliyah tomorrow so i can do something	0
i got my st achievement on the xbox one watch netflix days in a row .	1
i have one spare ticket for foo fighters at milton keynes on saturday september th . please can someone buy it . i am poor .	0
serge is amazing . . . like hes actually a god the lanky sex god . . . i saw kasabian and noel together in august . it was amazing .	1
big whoop it s beyonce s birthday . my birthday s coming sept and i bring just as joy to people	0
today s the day ! the sun is shining ! it is star wars day my friends !	1
ended my st fringe experience with jurassic park ! thank you for a wonderful show absolutely brilliant !	1
 elastixworld first sponsors mexico city november rd and th see you all there fb	0
kendrick got nominated times but he may only win 	0
karwan e shair shohoda lunched by air vip pakage iran iraq jan with amp star hotel urmra iran iraq contact waqar kerblai 	0
happy veteran day . .to the wonderful men and women who served our country . .it may be a tough job . .buts it for the love if america . .god bless	1
 tasty hoops matchups tonight . san diego state new mexico . marshall west virginia . st . joe xavier . wichita st uni	0
it should be settled in the minds of christians that the holy scriptures are a spiritual light far brighter than the sun martin luther	1
i m hoping to win the apple watch . i know you draw tomorrow . please pick my name . usanaunited	1
thanksgiving christmas st patrick s day memorial day and july th are the only good holidays . every other one is stupid .	1
are you going coldplay on tues ? also were you aware de la soul are playing at the colly in july ! remember you saying you liked them .	1
check for all the reaction to saturday s win over bolton wanderers millwall	1
remember when scott walker said he wouldn t attack his fellow republicans ? good times .	0
and i m going to disneyland on monday so like i can t even go amp film ! ! !	1
 yakubdebate have you seen the long bearded yakub off late . presstitutes won t show the radicalised man .	0
angelou jabines . attractive katy perry images . you may want to see 	1
today is st day in school . . wish me luck maite ! ! ! tqm	1
dwight howard is dominating this game pts rebs with minutes left in the game mins in rd whole th qtr lakerspride	1
keep an eye out for the lochgoilhead centre and rd carluke scout group appearing on the bbc tomorrow night on . . .	0
sore left knee keeping hamilton out rangers outfielder josh hamilton was not in the lineup in tuesday s l . . .	0
 . maybe one day islamic nations will learn to leave israel and the usa alone . i wrote august 	0
 th seed defeats th seed thiem and he s through to the th round of the to play bellucci or murray ! usopen	0
oneil says vaughn will be sold in january . his crime ? passed the ball forward more than times today ! ! !	0
i think colton s going hunting all day sunday . hit him up i should be here all day	0
throwback when i saw niall last sunday ! ! ! great way to end the summer	1
tomorrow is national hot dog day ! pay your respects with a mexican dog from el perron hot dogs !	1
hanley ramirez shoulder remained out of the red sox lineup wednesday .	0
tomorrow don t miss the party at baru brickell doral i m working in doral see you . . .don t forget you halloween costume . . .	1
i still need to see paper towns omfg how have i not seen it yet . c mon meg . get it together .	0
tell him that you ll meet at ryan braun s loft next saturday since you know where that is already .	0
more details about the galaxy note leak which indicate device may have a microsd card slot amp more	1
hopefully i feel better by tomorrow because i want to go to the gotti concert with my friend	1
uh oh . john kasich just followed neon twitter . they may not like what i have to say . . . hannity wakeupamerica	2
i may have to pull out my oldskool ipod and just blast some tupac from my tv this morning rip	0
we have many young male rd world thugs on our streets now . we don t want david cameron to bring in more .	2
but today is one direction s th anniversary sharknado is coming and cory tweeted about sharknado and makes me wanna cry im so emotional	1
i remember the days of strong women in politics judy lamarsh flora macdonald today s maude barlow eliizabeth may . not liars hebert !	1
the sun is out for president u s day ! today will be a good day u c perfect way to finish the cricket season .	1
just found out s adaptation of my nd favourite film the ladykillers is coming to edinburgh in the autumn	0
whoa . bobby jindal . get a new speech dude . that was word for word the same as the one this past monday . gopdebate	2
in the ufc game conor mcgregor is the nd weakest in his weight class but guess who is champion now ?	0
 time going into this dunkin cause they can t figure out my order . also they wouldn t accept my coupon that expires in october .	2
 broncos cb champ bailey didn t practice wednesday . not injured was given a veteran day by the team .	0
tiger woods is looking in top form at his own golf tournament . he leads by two going into sunday 	1
my ma s so fucking ukip . she may as well be smoking bensons and sipping john smith s ale as she s giving off about the chinese	2
it u s ages since i had kfc u c well apart from the mush in a bun that passed as breakfast last sunday u c that doesn u t count though	2
i miss that trip to knott s from th grades with my friends . dang good times	1
tomorrow the field gets set for daytona duels start pm on speed all starts am with nationwide practice on espn trucks at noon	0
wiz is the only thing playing today . sorry justin you are going to have to wait until tomorrow .	0
david price will take the mound friday vs . yankees looking to pitch bluejays to franchise record th straight win . narrative mlb	0
rt the safest place to be in tottenham tonight is the spurs trophy cabinet .there s no chance of looters visiting there .	2
david bowie s blackstar is the sound of an unknowable artist steadfastly ignoring his own past .	2
the mics are rubbish ! ! xbox need to produce better mics luckily my spare pad has the nd headset port	0
when walked off shawn sat down on one of the benches in the hallway . having a real relationship was so new to him and he 	0
 abc real madrid will announce he signing of de gea on january st . he will stay for seasons and will come for free . 	0
then again is not really fair to compare to just katy perry . she is the rd most awarded artist so it fits to anyone else	0
i just sat around for a minute trying to remember ice cube s last name	0
the nd time i ve seen zac brown band . the th time he s played my favorite song	0
 wordtomymuva i u m going to that lakers vs heat game feb th in miami iamnotpetty	0
buzzing for the game tomorrow u c gong to be a great atmosphere and a possible upset is on the cards ! bring on aston villa ! stfc	1
meek about to have a nd wave coming from twitter bc nicki came harder without a song haha	0
 a bro is required to go out with his bros on st . paddys day and other bro holidays like halloween nye and desperation day feb th	0
he s a very good looking guy . is s on netflix ? i think i m watching it tonight	1
true . true . very true . false . go out and get some attacking help before you run kane into the ground . coys	0
i may be the most sweaty i ve ever been but batman got the crowd going . and that s what matters . crusadervictory takethatbobcats	1
the mariah carey amp justin bieber collaboration why you mad is here ! listen ! how exciting ! on saturday the mariah carey and justin b . . .	1
congratulations norwin high school marching band on getting st place at the towson boa regional !	1
i can u t wait for the heat game tomorrow heat vs knicks !	1
by local fresh produce for xmas at the special x twilight market on dec	0
yay for going to disneyland tomorrow but i m sad that it won t be halloween decorated yet	1
willie horton made in detroit i just remember my dad saying we re going to sign a contract today and you r . . .	1
trump to meet with netanyahu during israel visit on . . .	0
love or hate ryan braun is playing some fantastic baseball as of late . may be out of it but it s not because of him . justsaying	1
wine update i may have busted my ass attempting the tom cruise socks slide across the kitchen . asshole gravity . mistakesweremade	2
i may not be miss usa but i am still miss minnesota usa ! i am looking forward to the appearances i have coming up ! ! bemorethanpretty	1
the sun two mega deals end in a farce . mufc hit back at real madrid with their own statement .	0
hey fb . a friend of mine has an extra ticket to the foo fighters concert tomorrow night in pittsburgh . message me . . .	1
why every time twitter email me saying we found pple you may know its a bunch of niggas . . . .where the hoes at ?	2
andre villas boas has played down speculation that he is already lining up a january bid for brazilian willian . jla	0
remember when tony blair conceded the link between iraq war and isis ? yeah don t forget about that .	0
well . . norman reedus said he d drop everything he s doing to film the rd boondock saints . just a heads up haha .	1
pausing on this day of my st year to yell at my ipad because pandora refuses to play the carpenters superstar .	2
dont let us get one tonight . degrom tuesday and anything can happen with thor on wednesday .	0
indeed i am . i get back late tuesday night so i can easily come into banff the next day . what time would be good for you ?	1
i liked a video chris jericho u s st appearance after the royal rumble ppv 	1
grateful dead frontman jerry garcia august . one of the most subtle guitar players in rock amp roll .	1
ah it s good ! filming series two at the mo in boyle ! doing a st . patrick s day parade on tues the town is completely ready !	1
it s sunday shouldn t you christian be in church kim davis await your fake christians	0
iguess its just be n netflix tonight ! 	0
who s ready to rise up with jett and i this sunday ? riseup atlanta falcons at georgia dome	1
the team i d like to see play for everton tonight howard nev jags dist baines osman rodwell bark billy becks saha . efc	0
very bad idea allow the dead body of yakub to come to mumbai situation may become evn more tense	2
tomorrow is my last day at dunkin after years . . bittersweet	1
yes ! they arent out yet it s presale rn . i looked him up and he isn t coming anytime soon but zac brown band is coming in oct .	0
i m proud of what my xbox live gamertag is going to be tomorrow . me and my friends just thought of it .	1
inbetweeners movie coming to cinemas in ireland on the th of august . i have never wanted to see a movie so bad ! ! shouldbegood 	1
fucking stoked to hang out with my girl thalia tomorrow night . haven u t seen her in ages .	1
so i m flying home for xmas then flying up to scotland to be a bridesmaid then going to paris with uni in feb amp then flying home for easter !	0
pm narendra modi to address top military commanders on friday prime minister narendra modi will interact with th . . .	0
going to disneyland with and a bunch of friends tomorrow ! d	1
facebook may have solved mobile but google is still struggling with it via	0
just watched the campaign with will ferrell and zack galafianakis . . . good fun for a wednesday . hilarious	1
kunle afolayan has raised the bar to another level with october . not sure there are many who can meet up or raise the bar in nigeria ! ! !	1
 takeaways from civil war trailer robert downey jr . and chris evans stopped by jimmy kimmel live ! on tuesday night to make a bi . . .	1
anyone want to come to art park tomorrow after school with a few others ? if you do tweet me x	1
if youre gonna play the th line for only mins you might as well have kept orr and mclaren to fight	0
i gotta play that friday track by flatbush zombies to finish a great day .	1
ay you gone release the hotelcalifornia in feb like you did with careless world ?	0
has the worst service ever ! no wonder why their in th and t mobile moved to rd sprintlikehell	2
whoever made this iced coffee at dunkin donuts does not know what they re doing and it s monday . . . getittogether	2
so proud of everyone tonight . it s not the end of the season it s the beginning of a new one . game next saturday against curtis pm mt . t	1
grand ! opening ! of orlando live formally lax classic wknd ! friday u c saturday u c sunday ! some of the biggest	0
just saw that i don t have to stream the panthers vs packers game this sunday fuckyes	1
two time champion is down big early but still has romo and dez tonight as well as two rbs to go .	0
that s the nd time a korean girl gave me her number . . . at umbc ! the first one was . idowellwiththegeishas	1
it s fun to see how fast people turn bullish on just a bounce expect new lows tomorrow voodoo spx	1
in hours i know if im gonna see the boys live on may st ! ! omgg im sooo scared for tomorrow !	2
rip chris hemsworth s killer bod may he get that back in time for thor ragnarok	2
jean dujardin may join the unlikely duo of leo dicaprio and jonah hill in the wolf of wall street .	0
very proud of that nd goal from mexico ! even tho they didn t win nothing new props to messi for the last min goal	1
watching napoleon dynamite and doing homework . i u m having the best saturday ever .	1
i finally saw ant man on tuesday it was so good amp entertaining also i enjoyed the spider man reference	1
kanye west declares he will run for the presidency	0
hmm u c i u m going to have to get you a nickname of your own . nice u c get out of swansea on a friday . which train are you on ?	1
ramblings were late today i was falling asleep at the keyboard last night . kane kessel philly d sens g 	0
so glad i u m not going back to woodlands tomorrow ! looking forward to joseph wright !	1
soundtrack for the weekend david bowie the man who sold the world september .	0
had a great time in bloodborne today . thank you to all the followers and subs ! ! cya tomorrow for dark souls and ng ng progress ! ! !	1
looks like the ipad mini will be released . and apple ordered million for q alone . holy cow .	0
rob ford on scott walker s canadian border wall it sounds to me a little off the wall . 	0
good afternoon clemson fam ! . . . .let s finish out finals strong ! we are taking care of business in the classroom . . .go tigers 	1
you u re gravely misinformed best to stop the lie talking point . u obviously don u t know mlk jr	2
jessica attended lane crawford s st anniversary event at shanghai times square china on the th .	0
edge of tomorrow with tom cruise is another bad ass movie i have never seen it till now .	1
hey the nd worst baseball movie is on reelz right now . stomachbleeding	2
the fact that kishan was telling me last night that he was having a kim kardashian done to him thursday .	0
heading to mangere arts centre tonight to support our pipa nd years in their solo pieces u c go hard guys ! ! see you on stage ! ! d	1
i have the tedmed annual conf on my google page in nov . do you want them on blab ?	0
 gino is pretty damn impressed with gino for going to see ac dc in foxborough on saturday .	1
dunkin will be the love of my life tomorrow	1
whitey anderson was a thoroughly deserving winner of the nifwa manager of the month even before saturday . when will he walk lough erne ?	1
red band end of watch trailer arrives gyllenhaal and pena vs . the world back in early may u c the green band theat . . .	0
 yrs since harry potter and the deathly hallows came out and prince george s nd birthday is today harrypotter happybirthdayprincegeorge	1
why is the app so shit and doesn t have show times for paper towns on sunday ! ?	2
westbound into the u .s . ongoing bridge inspection construction may be delays eastbound into canada trucks minute delay cars clear	0
you may be on to something tho frfr stranger things have happened . look at the twilight girl lol	0
just added to the june th show at rex theatre ! live ! ! !	0
jake gyllenhaal eminem and rolling stone contributing editor joe levy sat down at the youtube space in nyc to . . .	0
you know you re a nerd when your hair person tries to book an apt on dec . nope . can t . that s a holiday . star wars day !	0
big brother is watching so you may as well freak him out by visiting area .org .	0
my bag got checked at the edwards mira mesa this past saturday . i was going to see paper towns . p	1
tanaka stinks . plus dickey owns the yankees and david price is on the mound saturday .	2
i fucking went to disneyland today but they had a marathon going on and one entrance to the park . sat in traffic for almost hours	2
i watched federer calmly destroy a dude at the us open on thursday and it was amazing . i still thought you re not sick of this dude yet ? 	1
 th round send me a picture of your favorite artist ! ! first to points gets a dm with niall ! ! otramontreal	0
do not be afraid to be saints . be open to the lord so that he may guide you in all your ways . bl . pope john paul ii	1
i can t wait for more seconds of twilight town or that same hercules boss on the train .	0
red team plates in the top of st on rbi double by	1
the fact i probably won t see them again before march makes me want to cry mtvstars the vamps	2
by george he s cute ! new pictures of prince george have been released to mark his nd birthday . tennews pm	1
oh u c are we gonna have any august emma scene on tallahassee ? just a yes or no and i u ll be happy happier if it u s a yes !	1
this is my lazy saturday morning laying in bed on my ipod listening to edc it s one of his best sets	1
im being dead ass lol kendrick nominated for grammys most by any artist nd is taylor swift and the weeknd	0
you may be happy by what are you fucking doin but you will regret it so soon bc your just a bitch dont know anything bout islam	2
hey jeb bush first thing you need to remember is that you re actually running in a primary . nd primary voters are nuts .	2
new favorite below the cherry moon from coming album u c brighter u c out march th by whomadewho on soundcloud	1
only time will tell . haven t got the . fr my moto g nd ed yet	0
shaquille o u neal all star comedy jam dar constitution hall sat . pm nov u c washington dc . . looks like it will be a great show ! !	1
murray breaks again ! ! back to back breaks in the rd set game face on !	1
just sat and explained to my dad about who joseph kony is smartdaughter sillydad	0
it s too bad the red sox didn t play this well in april may june and july	2
can it be tomorrow already so i can see ed sheeran .	1
monday is a moon day ! enjoy a sleep in tomorrow a little extra rest . come to the workshop with harmony lichty . . .	1
pleasure sipping an ipa in the evening sun doing the it xword while listening to grateful dead	1
jose aldo vs conor mcgregor set for december th at the mgm grand in las vegas . ufc	1
don u t forget that the amazing georgie fame is bringing his smooth style rhythm blues and his famous hammond organ to nov	1
instead of being the goat who put in ventura in the th in wild card game yost gets the accolades from a clutch triple by hosmer fortunate	1
latest jack mcdermott quits job at mcdonalds just weeks after coming th on big brother celebrity	0
it s the th pic zayn posted today . . . . he posted this on fb ok man r u gonna kill me	0
if i can snap on them two summaries tomorrow like i just did this one . .i ll be gucci 	0
who s in the pit for eric church s acoustic show on the nashville riverfront tomorrow night ? ? this guy	1
justin bieber october new photo of justin with lenny kravitz at . . . october new photo of justin with le . . .	0
 youknowyourefromsandiego if you still call the san diego county fair the del mar fair x	0
i m from halifax nova scotia . not sure if we will go on march break i ll have to see as it gets closer . why ?	2
bacca scores and his milan side get the better of muriel s sampdoria his th for the rossoneri . col . juniorfc .	0
nicki came from dubai today so she can perform with beyonce tomorrow . feeling myself and flawless remix .i m not ready	1
attention ! ! ! worldstarhiphop will be at thefactory saturday ! also a few people will be leaving with they bills paid ! no tips ! just bills !	0
tomorrow is halloween . . . . . . . . . . . trending ? thankyou for the obvious lmfao	1
and then the j cole and kendrick album is coming out in february	0
has spent a morning admiring beyonce ! now feel like i run the world !	1
will you get your driver to stop outside cobham tomorrow so i can have a picture with you ? chatoscar	0
jay z has years on beyonce . yo future wife could be chillin in rd grade just tryna do her multiples of rn .	1
frank gifford legendary monday night football sportscaster and husband of kathie lee gifford frank had a great life amp just missed !	0
all i can think about is jason aldean thursday night	1
rest day for me . lazy sunday . looking at the weather here in melaka u c i should just stay indoors . hehehe 	1
 . is full on fangirl ing as we re sat just over from game of thrones iain glen jorah mormont at st pancras .	1
peace on earth everyone . may david bowie and bing crosby be with you !	1
these are awesome ! kerry how much fun did you have at his photo shoot ?	1
saw x men first class last night . still gotta see captain america transformers cowboys aliens and rise of the planet of the apes whew	0
rousey fight on the same card ? ! ?	0
my teachers call themselves givng us candy . . . .wasn u t even the good stuff . i might go to walmart or cvs tomorrow 	2
this guy that just sat behind me smells like body odor and curry . . . so i didn t have to turn around to see who it was . obviously joseph kony	2
i may watch sharknado but i draw the line at lavalantula . i have my standards .	0
could make his spireites debut against at the proact stadium in the fa cup first round on saturday .	0
does it really take justin bieber to remind us how great our nhs is ? sigh . . . . thanks justin . 	0
every time i wear this hoodie . . . i think of the hoodie march . . . . and trayvon martin . . . and the ppl i knew personally who died	0
btw . if its ok . i mayb in touch my kelloggs . meetin dinz n th sort it bt shuld b deer n eid velvet chain oppertunities	1
i just want someone to call me tomorrow amp do that whole scene in twilight when she s asking how old edward is . my true friends will do this	0
the husband of the cunt who hates gay marriage says people who visit him should know how much he loves the nd amendment . dissonance much ?	2
mckay amp donuts big tuesday on the show ! another b new music tuesday with new stuff from zac brown band . . .	1
 favouritealbums bsb black blue b st just before shock thsk five in the black maliq d essentials st ra .d realcollabo	0
charlie daniels band . special and the outlaws hit the fair pomona fairplex fri sep pm off 	0
wow august . has already begun today naruto boruto the movie from japan to the entire world y 	1
and fyi i never had a huge problem with kane i just don t have respect for anyone who may of raped someone .	2
l .a tomorrow going to my favorite pizza parlor on fairfax 	1
may . badhabitz heads to chesters in appleton u c wi to rock the house . don u t miss this show !	1
maude barlow why i am going to be in victoria on october nd defendourcoast bcpoli cdnpoli	0
president thabo mbeki urged tony blair not to invade iraq but the british prime minister went ahead anyway .	2
i m going to see the foo fighters on the st so if i see these as well this would be the best year of concerts for me ! !	1
when you thought you had way less in your bank account to find out you re gucci . . . . and pay day is monday night . holla	1
yep we should get niki lauda to judge nxt time .he said on sat that there s no way he would be racing if he was a current driver	2
yoga teacher training free class and q amp a will be held sat from pm . free event so come with all questions ! yoga teacher training	0
yiying is two characters in the chinese lang . the st part u c yi u c means happy . the nd part u c ying u c means creative . right ? learning	0
boko haram may resume talks with fg sources close to the leadership of the boko haram insurgents have . . . news	0
carly fiorina was failing to crack in recent iacaucus polls . today she s tied for a close rd with ! carlyfiorina carly 	1
it u s tuesday night in athens ! aka karaoke night at the volstead so come see me ! !	1
my baby girl start school tomorrow i pray she has a wonderful school year coming . i love you baby girl nirvana	1
best shit i heard all day espn sc nfl locked out officials may return to field soon after positive negotiations chris mortensen	1
it was aired on friday oct at nhk i ll try to find the source 	0
mark martin qualifies rd at charlotte . giddy about racing still says when i stop racing i will still compete 	0
sandy u c if you have ruined my chances to see bruno mars on monday i will go buck wild .	2
 to join raffle to see st late night show amp have sc ask jeb bush your question ! i m in are you ?	0
the icc s dilemma in uhuru ruto cases last week uhuru kenyatta made history . on tuesday he . . . kenyanicccases	1
news alarm david wright b nym david wright hamstring is upgraded to probable for monday s game against the phillies .	1
finished th just like arsenal .	0
ok just add and message me on xbox one i wont be on today but i will tomorrow	1
september th and bad blood is still the best song of all time	1
don t say bad against islam . who knows tomorrow u are one of us . we are the fastest growing religion .	0
okay . my sister is freaking out because allstar isn u t playing at the wildwood show tomorrow lmfaoooo !	1
surprised to discover this morning that the bee gees are actually a good antidote to m	1
we re so excited to be part of the still we rise gala on dec . join us !	1
via ted r july p .m . ted r p .m . minor with parent or guardian tickets on . . .	0
turkey erdogan tasks davutoglu with interim govt until early vote november . historic wait for kurdish entranc . . .	0
selling janet jackson tickets . good seats . sept th . hmm for details amp rt tag anyone you think might want them ! thx guys !	1
david bowie s new album details tony visconti recently sat down with rolling stone indowantsblink 	0
in a cab going home . day of comic con is complete ! ! ! i m so excited for tomorrow and going as mikasa !	1
i have no doubt that wiggins will win tour de romandie tomorrow . second stage race win after paris nice . he u s so going to be on tdf podium !	1
jordan may i see john cena about something ive hate my family right now but ive got some good new today two	0
they made a sky zone here in covina across the street from the amc . i u m definitely going sunday ! who u s down ?	1
should i go to the flowing wells and marana game tomorrow ?	0
there was a strong case for giving a lifer to yakub . but the arguments about his crucial role in the blasts may be flawed but not flimsy .	0
hahaha for real he u s at fox theatre on dec 	1
nothing like starting your saturday with marathoning game of thrones until you finish the entire series on hbo go .	1
hood river valley high school varsity volleyball team with coach scott walker . first pre season game tomorrow vs . . . .	0
it may turn out the tory plan for a small state disguised as the austerity agenda turns out to be dangerous in ni	2
latest myrtle beach tennis holds serve advances to lower state final on a chilly tuesday night the myrtle b . . .	0
 espy awards best dressed the th annual espy awards were last night and with lebron james winning . . .	1
hmu if you wanna go protest the jeb bush rally on the th with me and adams	0
we loved the show at metlife last wednesday great work ! hope you guys are having a nice time . enjoy your night .	1
hell yeah me and niall gonna get turnt the fuck up on saturday for liam s bday	1
rt rt kung fu panda in d d both with indonesian subtitles tentatively scheduled to open on tues . . .	0
 nd day of vinoomankad u odi haryana u c kerala u c andhra u c tn u c mumbai u c baroda u c up won their matches against j k u c kar u c hyd u cgoa u c mh u cbaroda u cup	0
gonna listen to foo fighters and get acquainted with most of their songs besides the mainstream then i ma move onto royal blood for monday	1
yea just play for u when the club asks u may had won a lot wit barca but that is past tis is unitedddd spartaa 	0
ok so kanye west becomes us president means kim kardashian is st lady . . let it happen ! ! hahaha	2
acura of oakville is proud to be taking part in the walls of hope fundraiser tomorrow at shoeless joe s in . . .	1
my microwave wasn t working so i just played kendrick and coles black friday . . .	0
let me blow your mind . the original writer of friday night lights is the same author who wrote the caitlyn jenner cover story for vanityfair	0
may we meet the next ramadhan and eid . in shaa allah .	0
if you haven t heard black friday by jcole and kendrick . please allow your ears to have orgasms .	1
happy nd birthday prince george we don t know if he s tried hopster yet but he can try it for free with promo g org !	1
me n my dad just had our last traditional made in chelsea monday together before i go to uni n we r so sad	0
sunday morning starting with hot chocolate laundry harry potter movie and some homework .	0
tom brady supports donald trump . therefore he s gonna throw pics and pull his hamstring on thursday night .	0
how google may answer questions in queries with rich content results	0
 in the bcs ! let u s all enjoy this moment in the sun . it u s been a long time coming for the wildcat faithful ! emaw	1
knowing you are a red sox fan who will win the rubber game tomorrow ? go yankees ! lol	0
awesome ! it s very chilled here . working till the th . took my ps with me however i might go shark cage diving though .	1
don u t get me wrong i love bruno mars he is amazing but that grammy should have went to adam for best pop vocal . i mean c u mon !	1
you can t tell me you like kendrick or j . cole but haven t listened to the black friday songs they put out	0
i need food u c a pain pill u c a glass of wine u c a comfortable bed u c and zero noise . in that order . .and this day repeats tomorrow and sat .	0
 see the condition of congress th pass sonia gandhi bar maid amp rahul gandhi are at top post of oldest party of country	0
surely spurs are going to sign a striker before pm . kane is currently the only viable option . sun may deputise but is unknown	0
sam smith may be the worst act on the radio	2
this thursday we have tickets to the special pre screening event of the donkey show adrienne arsht center for . . .	0
congratulations to the jurupa valley jaguar water polo team . placed nd in league and have a chance to go and do something in cif .	1
kendrick is the most talented rapper alive black friday is exhausting in a good way like how how do u just keep switching up like that	1
angela merkel may need as many refugees due to long penises from africa to record movies etc . . .these cultures do not belong in the eu .	2
when it s september th and you still eating labor day leftovers	0
last saturday before school starts and i m gonna spend it in bed with netflix dunkin and midol 	1
celebrate rd day of eid transmission with dj tariq amp dj adeel pm to mn enjoy with fm happy eid . . .	1
dad i ll go watch paper towns with you on thursday . . yes then !	1
good things i saw on the way to work car w picture of tom cruise in the st mission impossible movie tushi dr license plate	1
gay marriage isn t the law . yes it is . it was interpreted by the scotus as such in accordance with rights granted by the th amendment .	0
today is the rd anniversary of white collar ! !	0
would love to see at westfield parramatta tomorrow maybe you ll come by ? i wish ! lt xo justsaying	1
nissan titan eleven accidents with cars in just over five hours saturday riverhead local	2
why is chris bosh so fuckin u ugly the world may never know .	2
who would forget this ? batman amp batgirl together under the setting sun . gu days . happy thanniversarykathniel psykubli	1
i am so confused by this david bowie musical . is it really done forever after jan th ? or will it be back for a full run ? ? ?	0
my parents are in the th row at a foo fighters concert and i just got home from work wondering if it s too early for bed . life is weird .	2
israel used to kill arabs for every israeli soldier killed . this ratio may be reversed if hostilities with hizbollah move beyond words .	2
its going down in deathvalley this saturday ! geaux tigers	1
nigeria air strikes kill large number of boko haram nigeria said sunday it had carried out air strikes in t . . .	2
can t wait to see the new iphone tomorrow . and final can update my apple watch to os 	1
egypt s president mohamed morsi on monday pardoned all those arrested between the start of the revolution t . . .	1
they are truly changing the world one life at a time . if you u re in mesa u c az tomorrow come join me and my friend for a fun night !	1
paul dunne finishes on and is tied at the top of the leaderboard at theopen greystones golf club will be a busy place tomorrow	0
happy th anniversary to stone brewing ! if you like us couldn t make it down for the party at the brewery . . .	1
dual policy of lpg pricing not acceptable to public u c suggestion is that govt . should rationalize the price which may be upto rs . 	2
we could withdraw from eu tomorrow but threat of civilisation jihad not going away . is weak on islam .	0
mitchie thanks for the fun times ! i ll miss our sunday get togethers after mass and our nosebleed convos . you re imp . love you ! lt 	1
please help me get tix to see shawn at hard rock tomorrow it would mean so much . please !	1
scott walker said sunday he is open to building a wall on the u .s . border with canada . idiot tcot	2
and then warners has hobbit amp gatsby n december . so the schedule is so dense that there s really no slot left to move gangster squad later	2
ron paul snr advisor doug wead interview with frost mar 	0
promoted again ! i just guided milan to nd place in non league a	1
i m totally going to vote for kanye west in . . . . i have just been told it is not april fools day yet . my mistake .	0
american horror story s third season is out on monday so here s a photo of the blu ray . whydidithavetobesnakes	0
book a florida package with us by october amp get a free disney soft toy	0
i m in love with mr . march mtvstars lady gaga	1
anyone want to chat philosophy amp training on google onair tomorrow ? ?	0
now playing the debut album by it s out on monday and the band play the horn on tuesday ! 	1
he may be a little full of himself at times but kanye west is an inspiration	0
i want and above all i need to see spring breakers . i m slowly dying because of waiting it to be released . please release it tomorrow 	1
nthlondonapplerepair your rd gen . ipad with retina display is worth a lot of money especially at amazon	0
dustin johnson leads the pgachamp after rd looking for his first major . jason day is in a tie for rd .	0
i u ll be going to putrajaya n serdang on st of november . for days .	0
it ll be all good when i see who the killer or killers are in until dawn . still may get ps in nov for fallout . want so bad	0
we are minutes in on sharknado ohhellno and already i think this may be the most impactful movie since schindler s list	1
feature milan scrubs up after years as italy s ugly sister milan sept reuters long the ugly sister to . . .	0
chasing madoff . . but the beginning credit sequence says it has an art director and the music implies batman may show up .	0
this is really going to hurt virginia tech on selection sunday	2
paula amp dave signing off . lotte amp kerry will be here to answer any electrical queries you may have .	0
may be one of the reasons why st so willingly participated in swachh bharat on oct . .	1
kevin sullivan talks about nwo ceding power to hulk hogan greg valentine accidentally knocking himself out and more !	1
not convinced by the haye v chisora fight upton park on saturday . . . . .personally i u d rather have seen carlton cole v emile heskey	2
preview los angeles galaxy vs . vancouver whitecaps thursday night marks the first . . . soccer local to education	0
one day i ll tell my kids that i was included in a cbs local story about sharknado tweets 	1
so the promotion for smash project steps up tomorrow . stoked for the things to come 	1
celebrity big brother ukvsusa is coming tomorrow at pm only on . do not miss it	1
so with matches still to play in the round the giallorossi move to nd almost certain to drop a few places . falling to th are juventus !	0
add my good buddy to tomorrow s guest list talking the late great frank gifford jpp and the giants .	1
lewis baiely . striking katy perry images . you may want to check 	0
i don u t think they can hold it for the rest of the season u c they u re bye week may just throw them off u c dun u kno u bout the ravens .	2
daaaaang it i have to sleep . more naruto tomorrow .	0
amazon is offering free two hour shipping or . one hour shipping . i m going to have to try this out tomorrow .	1
quiet saturday afternoon drinking ipas amp watching sharknado haven t seen it until today whoever wrote it must have done some serious ipas	0
this christmas u c all i u m asking for is a trip to watch miss america in january . it u s the only thing i want .	1
when devon was in th grade him and brother went to see twilight thinking it was a vampire fight movie	0
in dallas tomorrow night ? see petronio co winspear opera house .read interview re dancing with trisha brown .	0
after tonight u c ain u t no way i u m not going to olive garden tomorrow . nastyassmeal	2
cupid did so much work da st time that he don u t wanna be my friend no more	2
honestly . sony getting feisty with apple is like watching a chihuahua yapping at a rottweiler	0
busy first day at soccerex . coming tomorrow ? don t miss the chance to win an apple watch at our stand ! wifi	1
raffensberger didn t have many saturday workouts following the example of ira dunsworth . kids need time to be kids . sletten didn t either	0
if anyone wants to go to the duke game saturday with the kershaw county clemson club please inbox me !	0
may have been distracted by fifa and el classico u c back to the summary for myself ! you finished ?	2
edward seemed to take a deep breath and then he stepped out into the bright glow of the midday sun . bella swan twilight .	0
my magic cell phone just said espn sportscenter watch the th annual espy awards on espn . . . i m bv	1
finally have an upgrade the nd so i can t wait until the iphone s reveal today .	1
u tickets for on sale on monday . will be a tough ticket amp will be concert of the year . u belfast	1
happy birthday to the only important birthday july . . prince george .	1
tbt when i got my ipod stolen in th grade and i was only upset bc i thought whoever stole it was gonna leak the lesbian porn i had on it	2
chris evans amp amp robert downey jr . discuss the struggles of filming captain america 	0
james bond spectre title song duties go to sam smith grammy award winner sam smith was confirmed tuesday as the . . .	0
seth rollins kick off the monday night raw baltimore	0
 im sooo glad we dont have school monday u c imaaa sleep all day man . we don u t ! ! ? ? ? ? ?	1
la liga barca and betis march on malaga held real betis moved up to fourth in the table . . .	0
kane karlsson getzlaf couture available for my st pick . who would you take ? i want forsberg and or buff .	1
dreamed i met david bowie at a coffee shop . got to talking about music and he sat down with me for hours . hope it was prophetic .	1
well he s nd in the al in era . he has a chance at the cy young though verlander is probably ahead of him right now	0
just sent the ffc unibet preview for tomorrow through and u c by the way u c louis saha u s genuinely two footed .	1
meatwadzone on ps . . . . . . streakbum madden is all about throwing up the ball on rd down and getting lucky .	0
i was going to rib you for this then i remembered my top ten still has jurassic world and i sat down .	1
kendrick lamar . . . .black friday . . .raw he went in	1
may infinite ranking king final episode with eng sub na . waaa 	2
the youngest person at the main dining room at knollwood right now may be years old . i feel like a new born	1
as some of you may know i am a medium on top of my tarot reading . i had a great time in prince george doing a . . .	1
yoga instructor jillian jackson will be at samurai this saturday morning for a special yoga class ! see the . . .	0
pop quiz friday which celebrity is the best player in oregon football history and went by the name bobby moore in eugene ?	0
i m going too ! ! i m so excited did you go to digi on june th ? ?	1
the pride flag ppl certainly don t love christians and don t want to include them in st amendment protection . stop the hate !	0
if you are new to investing or even new to having your own ira you may feel at a loss with how to manage . . . i . . .	2
my thriller shows what the stupid deal with iran may deliver . please read .	2
i hope there s people like the inbetweeners at th form .	0
janet jackson pays tribute to aaliyah on the th anniversary of her death photo icymi	0
tomorrow u c okami will be released on psn in hd . can u t wait to play it again ! to me u c it u s one of the greatest games ever made ! okami clover	1
david cameron wakes . checks mail amp sun front pgs damn ! rubs out swarm from speech amp replaces it with desperate people who need help .	0
i love the gaul of george osborne writing an article for the guardian grinning giggling dressed in a full suit on a sunday night	1
watch reflect on her nd place finish at the london grand prix in what was a very tactical m race 	0
join us at red magazine smart women week for a signature beyonce dance workshop . pm next friday the th . . .	1
after going on the st holes including a quadruple bogey on dustin johnson is for his next .	0
caitlyn jenner dons shift dress with a leather jacket for kylie s th birthday	1
this bit badder than kanye west ego and hotter than the sun .	2
we may not win academy awards u c but we will be the freaking people u s choice dammit ! ! !	2
just read an article . . .e l james is writing a th book in the shades series	0
boko haram will soon know the strength of our collective will in sha allah . may god guide the new service chiefs ! . amin	1
tom brady was our qb before the news of his suspension being lifted . . we now have him up in front of c . newton . proj th rd pick	0
woohoo . i am booked for friday to present ibm bluemix amp xpages to a dev team who are ready to take their domino skills to the next level !	1
we had to pick dates for vacation days from work today . i took off the friday before st pattys . bg bewarethegolfcarts	0
caitlyn jenner fears she may be sent to nen s prison over fatal car crash	0
nash is bae nash is life but skash skylynn and nash videos are just the whole package . thursday hurry up pls nashsnewvideo 	1
 divison iii offense in the nation vs . the best team we u ve played this saturday	0
 url pena url only . jan hooks at . wtf ! ! ! i m getting old . stop it . ahhh ahhh ahhh 	2
going to try watch act of valor for the nd time . the part i seen are pretty bad ass	2
agree ! i watch with my mum and it s our monday night show that s not gonna happen anymore !all bc of big brother	2
and fofi gennimata of pasok as the recent poll also explicitly show nd may be getting more popularity than tsipras led syriza .	1
make a lasting impression on the first day of class tomorrow walk in with a boom box blaring public service announcement by jay z	1
got letters today ! one from wake forest university and the other from boise state 	1
israel made some individual deportations . be that as it may facts hold .eritreans struggle to get in .	0
vinicius vieira silv . have you seen these enticing katy perry images ? you may like 	0
every supporters min of punkrag amp the fox st animated feature film with gay heroes !	0
today is national ice cream day healthy and refreshing ! ! come and enjoy with us ! ! have a great sunday ! nyceats nyc	1
kerry collins may look like an old mouse . . . and hold on to the ball like one . . . but is a curtis painter experiment really that much better ?	1
i really wish i was going to see ac dc this tuesday . . .	1
world walking day in few more hours ! see you guys at putrajaya ! i am gonna bring my camera along fb	1
who do you reckon will start upfront tomorrow for england ? rooney kane or the highest english premier league goal scorer ?	0
rodgers has been down by in the nd half a total of seven times . what a worthless article	2
federer defeats darcis to advance to rd round at the accomplishing a perfect in nd round	1
 u no favorites u for russia portugal clash capello moscow u c october ria novosti russia u s match with portu . . .	2
bearcats call first timeout of nd half . rd and coming from pitt . gorillas lead with left in q .	0
yo what s the offer for existing moto g st gen owners ?	0
that s right ladies . i m blaming everything on kerry . cleo this show may well eclipse the numbers of	2
before you go to bed can you tell saudi arabia to stop beheading kids please ? someone might listen to you	2
make your own sundae on sunday with us at pretend city ! enjoy national ice cream day on us !	1
it doesn t matter where they play what matters is they play for wales better than england may i add ! p .s ramsey is arsenal 	1
in good non kris bryant is dead news josh hamilton just put the rangers up over the giants in the th	0
i m switching to t mobile tomorrow and i m getting a new number i ve had the same number since third grade	0
a very good maxim one that boko haram had the privilege to enjoy during the jonathan administration amp may still !	1
dutch uncles obviously u crept up on you u more than u realise u dutch uncles u lp on tapete pre dated cadenza . . . are on rd now !	0
can you write me two tickets to the u concert at the garden friday night ? i love u 	1
did u know that the official celebration of pi day mar or starts at to represent . ?	0
anyone want ed sheeran tickets september th section ?	0
arabs are just discontent in the game so they came up with islam to give rd opinion	0
i watched all of it till the part where naruto faces the th demon	0
i will see him perform at club pulse tomorrow so happy lol my bday . . . come party with me having a . . . via instagram 	1
ortiz post team record th homer season with red sox the associated press redsoxnation	1
may the good lord preserve you because you have put your trust in him . hallelujah to the lamb of god . psalm 	1
ryan braun hit his nd career hr today amp moved into st place on the brewers franchise hr list . he passed hall of famer robin yount . mlb	0
get in dons byrooooooon harrisooooooon th goal of the season	0
alright . thank you for the details . you may contact google on this . 	0
i m freezing my butt off at the drive ins to watch jurassic park for the rd time	0
samsung s galaxy note will be released this thursday . here are the top changes to expect .	1
lmao so anong pake mo kung may gf si louis at the same time magkakaanak siya with briana ? wala ka namang karapatan bc you are just a fan 	0
i am going to st and then to the london conference of critical thought	0
the nd amendment to the u .s . constitution orignally included the right of chuck norris to roundhouse kick .	0
some cool baseball facts posted by neil degrasse tyson the baddest astrophysicist in the world posted july th	1
totally rousey . misha tate took her to the rd round time last time and has gotten better	1
why has no one put a youtube video of todd bertuzzi assaulting steve moore on an ipad while he u s in the penalty box ?	2
i haven t listened yet and i m sure you did great but i m worried you may be the tom brady to gleeman s bledsoe .	0
jan i just spoke to joe zellner smb team they are fine . we even had two couples who went ahead with their weddings today .	1
from july rowdy roddy piper giving his opinion on hulk hogan and the racist comments . probably his . . .	0
was cult viewing from my th form days with vic u s big night out . channel had all comedy sport bases covered !	1
dear please air the green bay vs carolina game on sunday in the north mississippi area . sincerely 	1
i u m so excited for the magic game this friday . we play denver so don u t un follow me	1
btw how much money you charged from eminent people to make yakub s headline a prominent one ? ? ?	2
second suggestion for the gop debate give john kasich minutes of uninterrupted time to explain why he s th out of these dudes .	0
never seen frank gifford play but grew up watching him on monday nights thanks you mr gifford rip	1
leaders of our vietnam veterans leadership program in the reagan administration will gather in d . c . saturday . looking forward to seeing all	1
i wanted my mom to drive me to school in the bentley tomorrow but its only seats and she has to drive my sisters too	0
will you be joining us at the ritz carlton u c am saturday for pink ribbon day and worldwide breast cancer awareness ?	0
rachel maddow re bernie sanders leading in nh in nd poll said tell me again why joe biden ? is the that can challenge hillary on the left ?	0
paps this one if for the sun ! ! briana stands behind louis and poses so not set up nope nope nope not one bit	2
i can t be the only one that thinks sos should do a cover of in bloom by nirvana . c mon	0
tgif ! ! make it a great day robbie ! !	1
nobody should complain that yakub didnt get full opportunity to get justice though it may not have gone his way .salute to supreme court .	0
i was implying that the victory against tory may have motivated them to devote more resources to brown	0
 angela merkel is right the migration crisis will define this decade .	0
mccashin s brewery won awards last night in the deloitte fast st in manufacturing and rd overall is new . . .	1
it s oct and the ancient houses of parliament are on fire is live tweeting this forgotten national catastrophe 	2
so deeply sadden for kathie gifford and her family at the loss of frank gifford today . may prayers be with you all ripfrankgifford	0
you couldn t make it up . plastic paddy school teacher who loves child murdering ira terrorists .	2
i miss teen wolf so bad yesterday was the first monday without it it was sad	0
wed am on java jazz with ken irwin u c tune in for a chat with umass jazz dept . head jeff holmes about his new cd u c of one u s own . 	0
can t wait for friday because milo and for you guys to see paper towns	1
going to a sunday matinee of dredd d . probably most excited for the return of lena headey u s natural hair color . sarah connor circe	1
who had two thumbs and is the happiest girl in the world because she might get greys anatomy season tomorrow ? oh yeah u c thats me ! 	1
honestly i m liking kendrick s bad blood verses a lot more now . may be able to elevate the song to being really good to me .	1
one other thing is that im gonna hear john cena on monday complaining how he lost so . . . for me . . not really	2
cycling mission with passion team ride light rahul kumawat etal at sangam university bhilwara oct 	0
the last time the bearcats didn t have walt in the starting lineup september th . straight starts have come since that game .	0
ppl always like omg i fucking hate tvd now but there they sit every thursday in front of their tvs min before the episode starts	2
is this how david miliband got into oxford with bad grades ? bbcnews	2
i liked a video jay park dancing dougie with prepix in front t .g .i .friday s cl	1
hahaha may b this logic comes from rahul gandhi a joker on whom the world is laughing hahahah	0
it may sound stupid but it makes me happy they re coming to milan even though i won t be there	1
sunday funday yoga poses for you all to try getmoving juiceplus	1
nasa outraging the superstitious theories propagated by christians . 	0
thank you ! instead of beating up bad guys batman is beating up my ps . this is the rd time your game crashed my ps .	2
i miss you . . . let s go out sunday with steph and my gay ass friend richard . you need to meet him	0
the new die antwoord u c diiv u c japandroids u c st foo album u c gnr lies u c any nirvana	0
melissa mccarthy jane lynch make emmy night chicagoriffic	1
yo florence ! don t make plans for next saturday cause bernie sanders is coming to town ! feelthebern	1
i m thinking back to the paris queen concert in january just after the charlie hebdo attack . jesus .	2
painting the liverpudlian town red on saturday night anyone ? i know i am ! ! !	1
already voted early last friday for you in cypress u c nw of houston . i definitely don u t want cruz to win . we need a dem in senate !	0
and just like that north west is a big sister ! kim kardashian gave birth to her second child with kanye west saturday morning which	1
 indvswi the wi team has pulled out of their tour of ind and todays th odi in dharamsala will be their last game of the series cricinfo	0
friday and saturday you can catch me at the leicester square theatre in london tickets still available 	0
your taking your time u c your josh has already blossomed into a filthy rich young man . . he payed me taxi on saturday someguy	1
if gmb goes after boko haram with the same passion he went after dasuki the victims of the yobe bomb blast on friday will still be alive	2
is scott walker still undecided on birthright citizenship or did he take some time on saturday to really think it over ?	0
tomorrow some body does it for rahul gandhi if he is pm i will rt . you wont understand . keep burning ! lulz	0
 dec the provisional ira still exists and it s political stooges in sfira are still controlled by the army council . . . . .	0
worst player in st half for liverpool kelly johnson gerrard suarez shelvey . don t show tht you re wise im liverpudlian let s say fact	2
the minnesota twins beat the white sox and chris sale on tuesday . they are now a surprising overall and at home .	0
this may seem like the end for google but we have a hunch that something is on its way	0
enjoying sharknado for the rd time in a row sharknado 	1
may be you have got alot of gays fans after your tweet but you lose all of your arabian muslims fans muslimsarenotdragqueens	2
nick gillespie on real time with bill maher u c friday u c with kirk douglas u c rachel maddow u c mort zuckerman u c amp m . . .	0
sharknado may be the worst movie ever created	2
thursday u s rainfall bdr was . bringing the monthly total to . . that u s more than an inch below normal . .	0
 tv secrets of sex having a gay . . . community wed sep am . . .old time . an intimate portrait of the lives loves and losses of . .	0
after watching amanda nunes fight on saturday it s clear the will begin work on rousey vs . nunes . one for the books .	0
till zlatan comes . he ll play for psg in the super cup on august st then he s ours .	1
microsoft s cunning plan to save the xbox from apple tomorrow apple will reportedly introduce a new version . . .	0
madison don u t wipe your black lines off ! ! it u s like ash wednesday u c you don u t wipe that shit off . 	2
i may be in the minority here but i rather enjoy watching david price play for the toronto blue jays	1
the nats may have sucked again but now messi is on tv and colbert is back in an hour so it could be so much worse .	0
 ers vs . cardinals vernon davis and key players for both teams the monday night matchup between the san franc . . .	0
super eagles coach sunday oliseh disclosed that the super eagles goalless draw against tanzania in dar es . . .	0
bill maher may be a little out there but he does make some points .	1
really looking forward to the release of deus ex hr on friday just annoying that north america gets it tomorrow . . .	1
has to be said chris evans tfi friday is brilliant great guests brilliant bands and it always make me smile tbh	1
take a look inside the kwafaku reading club to see how these volunteers nurture children s literacy every sat video 	1
we hit with march fourth marching band next saturday ! scoop up tickets while they are still available 	0
floyd mayweather ranks ali as just the th best fighter of all time . of course he ranks himself as no . . delusional	0
apple showtime event the g ipod shuffle introduction here we see steve jobs introducing the nd generatio . . .	0
player of the game on monday kris bryant or jon lester ? you make the call 	0
 . . .ask tony blair or us officials they ll tell you what empowered isis	0
looking forward to going to the colts game this evening !	1
so you dey fear cos of these lion king names ? ? ? don t worry the super eagles will soar to heights they can t see ! !	0
martin isn u t a leader for the nd unit like harden . your guys bench is done plus westbrook is a ball hog	2
then she went all you read manga right ? comics ? i nodded amp she went how about you draw that blonde from batman for tomorrow ? 	1
i hope paul dunne blows up tomorrow only because uab beats us in the tourney . . . stillnotoverit	2
i may not be your john legend to give you all of me but i will be your ed sheeran to love you till we re seventy .	1
wondering what kind of recognition will do of post sandy nyc at saturday s rfk game against the red bulls . mls	1
did disney make back of the billion it paid for lucasfilms ? force friday b in star wars merchandise sales	0
john kasich is running nd in our question who do you support for the republican presidential nomination ?	1
going to bed early tonight ! pssas tomorrow then the walk then track and later basketball . needssleep goingtobealongday	0
superb . brilliant . stunning . we need say no more about so far and wish paul dunne good luck for monday . proud thedream	1
i ve been waiting for winter break since the monday we came back from thanksgiving break !	0
super eagles head coach sunday oliseh to ring the closing bell at nigeria stock exchange nse on monday august nigeriamagazine	0
and it d work seth getting the rub and being sting s nd ever opponent a month long reign with both titles is big	1
after the exciting news of u announcing irish dates in november here s an interesting little fact when u . . .	1
hello there i hear that the stinking working class were rioting in london last night do you see why i m in italy bloody rif raf .hear hear	2
november th at wells fargo with the remaining members of grateful dead	0
am i really going to see the foo fighters on tuesday ? ? ? ! ? !	0
gucci bags id assured faith december expatiate the biform your hand at other as far as attache quick oxyhzrgnr	0
hillary s aides say alot of things except the one taking the th . hillary 	2
thanks ! the result may be more sidney crosby than lanny mcdonald but i will post my pics with pride either way 	1
floyd mayweather may be the most arrogant human being on the planet but that nigga rich af	2
they launched the day of the carling cup final u c did you not see the dont buy the sun posters ? dontbuythesunanyday jft 	0
my dad think im playing . . . he takin us to the queen mary on wednesday	0
david beckham jokes son romeo is copying his style with man bun romeo beckham debuted his trendy little man bun on sunday evening a . . .	0
blackstar off david bowie s upcoming album blackstar out january . . . . .what do you think ? buy p	0
they haven t do that right after the february attacks against charlie hebdo do you remember ?	2
feels like the play . . . . . . . david price tomorrow in the bronx zoo . go jays . . .	1
i always thought prince was the th best songwriter of all time but it s nice of rolling stone to confirm that .	1
tgif but even tho it s friday i m not happy	2
i think nicki made an ass out of herself last night . st you call the vma s racist nd then you perform and accept an award at the vma s	2
well that was a great success at bluesfest tonight ! looking forward to saturday night ! tdbluesfest	1
what a great cover for the winner . . . .i feel need to do something very special for messi s th .	1
official vs . part deux is going down december th at the mgm grand in vegas . ufc !	0
on august ima play lil wayne tie my hands . ima play it times then ima download tha carter iv respect	0
i don t know why they haven t put siri on the ipod th gen .	2
end of time by beyonce i heard it today and iim hooked ahhhhhhhhhh i love it to the ultimate max ! ! ! ! !	1
so lucky ! may you give me a dm with niall ? he s my fav and it would really mean the world to me	1
 st question why haven t we closed the borders ? . why mr . duncan wasn t transfer to any hospital that can handle ebola ?	2
i hate myself for doing this . happy last day at dunkin tomorrow . may i never have to make a rude bitches coffee again	2
probably see ant man at the cinema tomorrow . i hope you enjoy your tea i m certain you will . x	1
 breaking confirms ireland will be closed monday as paul dunne aims to enrage the crown with win . pubs will be open	0
thanks . yes they are coming to rock im park i can t wait to see them for the st time of my life ! ! ! how is it in belgium ?	1
 aamirkhan celebrates eid with brother faisalkhan and family on july aamir khan took time off to celebrate . . .	0
my bucket list make a yearly visit to disneyland in late january and then hang out with my l .a . friends for a week . posted .	1
was meant to be going to york on sunday for the football trial things but its been delayed annoying	2
lots of hot toddies needed ! got tickets to see you at rich mix on sunday as part of a birthday treat u c hope you u re better by then !	1
need to run to the bookstore to pick up a copy of go sat a watchman by paul blart . happyreading	1
i love the niners . this sandy thing was a bust . now i have to work tomorrow . bummer	2
i recall an insane s friday night wwf classic where he hobbled with crutches into another match to help rival hulk hogan .	1
friday post game ihop is having their nd annual pancake bonanza . fans of the winning team will get a short stack for or off meal . . .	0
i may love asians from japan ! but i have a girl that i m gonna marry . believe it ! she s a ghetto ass short girl that s clumsy as fuck lol .	1
tom brady probably cheated his way to winning the th grade science fair smh	2
only pti has vision foresight for climate related projects but corrupt media rather talk about ik s eid with wife .	2
i think after charlie hebdo the french did not react as the us did after . but they may do this time around .	2
kim hyung jun football team the nd a match at yeongdeungpo gu daerimdong . . credit 	0
as if tom brady was going to lay waste to the commissioner in a damn phone interview . c mon . you know better .	2
democrats call on lt . gov . ard to resign democrats called thursday for the immediate resignation of lt . g . . .	2
miley may be the only person more annoying that kanye west . good lord she needs to just disappear .	2
no trick or treat there then . james u c may i very cheekily ask if you might record channel u c . pm for me tonight ?	2
friday night with eric church ! !	1
hulk would you be interesting in coming on my show on espn tampa bay one sunday to chat ?	1
houston peeps go see rumours fleetwood mac cover band from los angeles at on saturday . you won t regret it .	1
dude c mon . bears are going to the georgia dome . that s the one place the falcons can win .	1
check it out ! ! big time rush dance party big time rush backstage pass pushed back a week u c out on november . . .	0
mehdi hasan enraging twitter on a sunday ? c mon at least give us a day off .	2
we should start ox on saturday imo u c he will terrorise evra just like he did last season .	2
dh news danks white sox drop decision to mariners the chicago white sox managed just hits friday night . . .	0
sunday is going to be a good day for you . it s national ice cream day !	1
sure enjoyed seeing you on abc sunday especially you and george talkin baseball .	1
gr game if you re into this gamestyle . broken sword the serpent s curse will haunt ps and xbox one september 	1
dindin at my fav restaurant with the boy . now watching season of sons of anarchy . perfect way to end the night .	1
pakistan cricket board hopeful of bangladesh visit karachi pakistan u s cricket board said on sunday it hopes to . . .	1
klub ace ! ! ! klub ace ! ! ! this saturday ! ! ! with ur college id til 	0
i fail to be an ant in my new video ! ant man review coming tomorrow guys hope you like it !	1
ice cube told me to throw my neighbourhood in the air if i don t care . i am not so sure how to do dat . friday icecube	0
the mantra from republicans to democrats today is if you don t like our plan then where is your plan the mantra from republicans t . . .	0
gucci plurality spirit fearlessness january unfurl the bifurcated thine signalizing passageway syndication in . . .	0
hip hop fans ! talibkweli idle warship with res this fri adrienne arsht center for the performing arts	0
looks like i am going to see my phins at gillette on oct th and metlife on november th with metlifetakeover	1
what kind of monster plays papa was a rolling stone on the nd of september ?	2
it s simple we want to be like israel a white israel . if that s a bad thing so is current israel .	2
first murray is out for the dallas cowboys now felix may be questionable for the atlanta game . not looking good for the running backs !	2
pink friday set the standard for all rap albums . if it wasn t for nicki y all wouldn t have them mediocre bitches like kendrick and drake .	2
oh wow . . . rousey fight moving to november against holly holm . didn t wanna keep her on the shelf too long .	0
game over with a final score of ! go bears ! we continue to thursday against todd beamer at curtis high school . . .	1
why would anyone want to form a metallica cover band ? what is the upside one day if they are lucky they may open for an ac dc cover band ?	2
oliseh woos ibe head coach of the super eagles sunday oliseh has held talks with liverpool starlet . . . femnath	0
so who s coming over tomorrow night to watch sharknado with me ?	0
friday after next just came on vh i u m boutta be chilling . !	0
ice cube still look the same as he did in the friday movies . . everybody else looking old	0
from the very st pitch the baseball gods had the red sox winning that game they better make it up to us in the long run	1
british summer time hyde park tickets florence the machine and kendrick lamar to play july gig	0
undertaker vs brock lesnar . . .i believe that lesnar the st time n years he will have his st loss by the man he beat at wrestlemania	0
to extend the first one a bit further out lenny kravitz s st cousin once removed is al roker of the today show .	0
in terms of the st amendment is there a difference between christians and muslims john ? christians and jews ?	0
i reflected on that time kanye west presented friday night project with justin lee collins .	0
tomorrow night is the big night ! xtu will be in the house to give away jason aldean tickets pm .	1
camp notebook day the raiders took the field for their th practice of training camp and started to prepare for . . .	0
the force awakens shoppers strike back as star wars mania returns via may the force be with you !	1
eff dunkin at tomorrow eff dunkin all the time actually	0
wish me luck on the act tomorrow !	1
party in the house tonight everybody gonna have a good time . . .happy independence day jamaica	1
sunday tri aerobics power abs amp yoga in the am then zumba intermediate pilates amp beginners pilates in the pm .	0
 coppaitalia offense ! ! milan yellow card in the th minute for a . bertolacci . samac	2
this is austin rivers st game and people sucking him he a rookie chill !	2
happy th to everyone ! a day of fun and excitement awaits at cccr plus blaze of glory a tribute to bon jovi . . .	1
um . . . i don t know how familiar you are with star wars but i was at the shops on saturday and it was everywhere .	0
fort wayne had rd interfaith prayers the city . hindu dancing miami nation drums and chanting muslims jews christians all gether as 	1
got john fogerty concert ticket for my birthday . looking forward to the concert tomorrow night july in prince george bc	1
 faces pam grabs stuff i m stay the night with shawn cya tomorrow !	0
i just want to change the first flight . from sydney to lax . there s one at am on the th december .	0
tim chaisson is heading out on an australian tour with his first stop in newcastle nsw on the th . his new tour . . .	1
the mic batteries are running out ! murray up nd set with a break . matchsticks needed for my eyes here !	0
 competition for a chance to win new star wars episode puzzle just rt amp flw ends tuesday pm forcefriday	1
wat happen to the days of big bangs on monday night gettin drunk beyond my years wit my nigga kendall n not having a care or kid n the world	0
i want so many people to see shawn on saturday and i m legit sad i really want them to see him	1
boko haram major general assures on military triumph muazu made the statement on sat . . .	2
hilary benn the tory press may love you for your betrayal but you will be playing tony blair in chilcott 	2
someday i will be able to come back to disney world without vomming . hopefully it s in february .	1
join us this thursday for the introduction to our dramatic reading of charles dickens u s a christmas carol . pm .	0
i haven t slept this much since holi in nd year college with the bhaang episode . cough syrup win .	0
happy st to my mini me u c twin u c and the craziest nette i know rita . love ya ! ! !	1
news picture of potential opponent for debut on the card in milan on th of september	0
evolution of safety is ambulatory safety the missing link ? next npsf webcast u c nov u c earn ces or cmes u c ptsafety	0
everton boss roberto martinez is struggling with injuries at left back and may hand a debut to ramiro funes mori against chelsea .	0
yeah i ll see u either or times . . and noel will be special . . but he he announces the gig before nov i ll go u .	0
i wonder if remembers the group or may have toured with thor or have any stories about them ?	0
can u t believe i may have seen the play of the year in the preseason ! jeremy evans just put turiaf in his place ! slamdunkchampion sctopten	1
ah i thought it was sunday . thanks . sam smith is sunday i think and black keys tomorrow	0
pretty sure tomorrow is the fifth nation kissing day of the year .	0
we got milan last wednesday . . . she s rotten lol	0
just curious how the hulk hogan story is new this morning . everyone else had it at pm on friday . just sayin .	0
great trip to nashville including drinks and shop talk with tonight ! headed to speak at ole miss sports law symposium tomorrow .	1
been following naruto since i was in the th grade . i remember rushing to the tv saturday night to watch it at pm on toonami .	1
its a shame i wont be able to watch the heat smoke the knicks tomorrow	2
go support lenny kravitz st independent release . he s the atlas of black rock . itunes	1
ready for the st debate all in for john kasich .	0
gm fbf u c let u s go ole skool today . . .the winans u c the choices tomorrow uphold me or bring back the days u c the voting begins now !	0
the new york times why john kasich may be the strongest republican candida . . . newyorktimes	1
 mtvstars lady gaga we can last till the th	0
tickets for sale for the jets vs falcons preseason game this friday at metlife . message me if you re interested	1
in th place gay men and the battle to be happy by 	1
 style news republican presidential hopeful carly fiorina said sunday that she would oppose a governm . . . ny dc	0
reminds me of the best night of my life . rt am in dallas	1
 i have a dream poster promoting an april u c appearance by dr . martin luther king at the south	0
i may not be strong enough to defend myself in the real world but i can kick your ass in naruto	0
have you ever noticed that the gay activists never go after muslims . . . ?	0
allie amp briana sitting in a tree . k i s s i n g . st comes love nd comes marriage then comes briana with a baby carriage	1
i may or may not have asked hugh dancy if he has an hmv rewards card .	0
looking forward to celebrity juice tonight .	1
whos prob going to see d in concert in ohio june th ? this girl d	1
i u m so ready for to get here tomorrow ! another fun weekend in starkville with my sweet boy ! !	1
tomorrow filming wizards of waverly place the movie starts	0
dana white forcing ronda back in the ring after she got put to sleep . he says it will be a rematch july th	0
lmao rt went looting in spurs last night broke into the white hart lane cabinet so left with a pile of dust and a bale dvd	0
supposedly this is niall and liam doing a tease of the th album	0
wish i could sleep u c wake up nd it be sunday . . i u m ready too get out of greensboro ! !	0
watching last night u s redeye the hipster may just be the greatest character since stevie on eastbound down !	1
merseyside derby ! hope the result will be great after this long and hard sunday . lfc ynwa	1
just posted my video from my trip to milan for the mtv emas back in october . it s pretty cool . i mean i d watch . . .	1
think i m going to mount snowdon and to bangor tomorrow . . . exploring wales ! d	1
the winans singing tomorrow . they still got it .	1
someone go see janet jackson with me september th 	0
lead enquiry posted on nov can i have the onkyo service centre in singapore ? thanks . rgds	0
i hope john cena comes to school on tuesday and five knuckle shuffles the fuck out of yall	2
may allah bless saudi arabia and all muslims in the whole word . and yes we will stop terrorism	1
i honestly think what we re seeing with fabregas is really him and why barca were quick to part ways . last august november was a one off	0
do you agree with me that spearing christian was your nd best spear ? ? ? ? after to that guy you did a spear to in royal rumble .	0
the date for the st . patrick s day parade has been announced ! the annual event will take place on saturday march th !	0
both jeb bush and lindsey graham want to be the st matronly potus !	0
dustin johnson just took an on the st hole . i don t feel so bad about my golf game suddenly . pgachampionship snowman	2
kanye west announced he was running for president in during the mtv vmas on sunday . the bold declaration . . .	0
hey friends ! i have two extra tickets to the foo fighters concert at the gorge this saturday ! dm me for info !	0
its wide open at the open championship should be a cracker tomorrow good luck to amateur paul dunne who started at 	1
lol speak of the devil did you hear about rim ? they apparently bumped nokia put of th place o	0
it is reality that isis are on the march in turkey and erdogan can t wait to receive them with open arms	2
it s almost time ! harper lee s new book go set a watchman will be on sale at am tuesday the th ! that is . . .	1
hi hyung jun how are you when are u comming to america we miss u here fighting .	1
here u s what dixie is saying about stansbury . be sure to check out mark watson u s preview tomorrow	0
super tuesday is just a few days away u c can the president make it ?	1
just left the fair ! it was getting way too packed ! sandiegocountyfair delmar th san diego county fair	0
rushers ! do u want btr on pcas ? october tweet rt btronpcas ! time pst est time change let s get btr nominated ! btr deserves it !	1
can someone give me a lift from pope pius school to hillsborough on tuesday night at about please ! anyone ! money will be involved ! ! !	0
sun flare by the washington monument	0
going to mcalester today . . .bama bound early in the am ! torn !	0
thanks sky for screwing up another home game by putting it on the monday of toy fair for nd year running . didn u t want to see everton anyway	2
can you say israel s bitch ? what a fucking clown chuck norris is . not to mention zerohedge is pushing disinformation	2
boo i wanted to watch inkigayo but i ll travel tomorrow so i have to sleep but i m with you in my heart my soul . . . .	0
we are done for the rest if the day . tomorrow we will be in hollywood s art park for dinner	0
stfu wit them excuses . . .clippers gonna beat the hell outta the lakers tomorrow	2
be inspired by a stunning fashion parade from cit fashion students at the belconnen arts centre melbourne cup lunch it s on november .	1
busy week ! tonight last lecture with holly crocker pm harper tomorrow night bedtime stories with hal poe	1
 due to the after effects of hurricane sandy u c fantazia is cancelled for this saturday at the liacouras center ! ! ! 	0
pondering which wine to open for the rd set up against murray usopen stellenbosch go kevin ! !	0
jim tracy is doing a double switch . with outs in th inning . of a cactus league game . with the score tied .	0
absolute s just won sunday by playing the nirvana ntv unplugged cover of the man who sold the world . helped my catastrophic hangover .	1
govt acted humanely in yakub s hanging rss new delhi aug the rss today said the hanging of mumbai . . .	0
starting tomorrow you ll be able to reserve and buy an apple watch in stores	0
floyd says he s all time amp ali is th . agree ? who is your top ? rousey says she can take floyd in no rules fight . true ? . . . . . 	0
george osborne should come clean over who wins or loses in his budget uk news guardian stop fiddling the figures	0
when everyone s so excited about lady a at the fair but you just saw the zac brown band on friday	1
off to watch the runaways for the th time	0
okay ? ! omg ! ill do it tomorrow ! and baby boom ! hahah xd i promise ! 	1
super eagles coach sunday oliseh says that he is not a magician lol head coach of the super eagles sunday . . .	0
we re excited to announce that ac dc tribute band big jack will take the main stage at fall jam on sunday september th !	1
sat night with textbooks wine and naruto . oh it s lit	0
i hate the white sox with the white hot heat of suns . do better tomorrow royals .	2
we beat the vamps but they re so close behing c mon we don t have to lose it this time mtvstars little mix	0
 d is on ellen next friday you better pvr it for me pls and ty	1
best the strokes their st concert in years coldplay or paul mccartney under the rain in the isle of wight festival !	1
our georgegalloway has always been right about chilcotreport and tony blair s role in death of uk soldiers	0
bengaluru nov . ani congress vice president rahul gandhi on wednesday continued his tirade against the . . .	0
hi i m with kpcc npr in la . are you available to be on tues . to discuss carly fiorina ? are you following her race ?	0
just wanted to wish you all a very happy friday everyone and to all my dear friend on fb . sometimes little things . . .	1
good to see real progress on the cleanup and rebuilding in henryville u c in from the march nd tornado .	1
tuesday will be my last day in florida 	2
my honest hope right now is that trump will not receive the gop nomination and run rd party splitting the gop vote causing	2
given that watchman repeats passages whole it seems lee didn t want to publish a nd book so much as she wanted to correct mockingbird .	0
hate to see it . dustin johnson on the st . headsgone	0
rt golf balls with pelosi s face on them allegedly distributed at boehner fundraiser today . sick !	0
how wonderful to know that on sat pm i will watch the glory that is ashton s symphonic variations and in afternoon	1
protest march in mexico city against drug war . i want justice for my murdered son drugs cannabis	2
a happy fun loving saturday the wonderful true champion of sharknado films an always shows the love everyone across the world	1
we are excited to announce our next day on the green on sunday january th australia day long weekend ! we are . . .	1
that was an easy one . my ex did shawn s first albums amp he was at my house when i went into labor with my nd son . lol	1
settled in and ready to go for the st mountain stage . allez cadel . min weeks you have time to get the maillot jaune .	1
with this silence he may very well just tweet out the link to joey fatone s open letter to one direction read niall louis amp liam .	0
 . . .who just endorsed bernie sanders . sad you guys .	2
are you going to danee s thursday ?	0
in the spirit gees of black economic empowerment bee we re starting a band the bee gees our st single is called i started a joke !	0
they have a very weak evening schedule tonight murray amp halep amp serena in the afternoon tomorrow	0
sting is not being advertised for any raw events leading up to his wwe title match with seth rollins at noc on sept th in houston	0
absolutely fantastic stuff from paul dunne today . keep the dream alive tomorrow	1
plus the new naruto game comes out in february and i m so unbelievably excited for that	1
no where yet i just moved back i gotta go enrole tomorrow but im about to go to grad connect .	0
i hope i can get a ticket to the d concert in belgium ! ! !you can u t order them till saturday !pfff . . . s	1
bittorrent tracker blocks windows users if you use bittorrent a lot you may want to r . . . infosec security	0
remember live look in tomorrow from metlife on amp jetsapp at pm with player intros individuals and your calls .	1
we may never know cause hillary s lawyers deleted all the emails related to having ambassador stevens assassinated .	0
the final b lg draft pick game is tonight on mnf espn . nyj vs hou . current leader is ken with pts .	0
jacob i m going to see sam smith tomorrow wanna come with ?	0
me heart will explode u c i need some new about avril u s th album	0
nikon prostaff u c can u t wait to get it on and shoot tomorrow !	1
what could possibly be going on here tomorrow ? iphone apple yerbabue yerba buena center for the arts	0
texas rangers josh hamilton tied the ballgame in the st with a three run home run . mlb	0
murray with another huge st down run yds	1
thank you rolling stone for publish drinking game rules for tomorrow s debate . we are using it in madrid	1
this article on scott walker . . is the best . ilovewriters	1
is anyone else going to the kenney chesney jason aldean concert tomorrow ? maybe we can tailgate ?	0
except according to that bible you christians love she is still committing adultery by not being married to her st husband .	2
the wwe may have fired hulk hogan but it s still racist as hell via	2
i just got calibraska and i know i may be a little late but it s amazing	1
noel gallagher u s hfb and kopparberg make for a damn near perfect saturday evening . it could only be perfect if i was at a noel gig .	1
i gotta go and get some sleep . . its so late here . . will keep voting tomorrow morning before the closing mtvstars lady gaga	0
chaac anhur athena thor sun wukong bellona cuz she has a flag 	0
monroe bound tomorrow ! it u s a must leave ruston for a day	1
kinder morgan kmi said friday it agrees to pay m to settle investors u lawsuits related to its ac . . . kmi	1
hulk hogan has a better chance of rejoining wwe than me watching it again if lesnar defeats taker tomorrow summerslam	2
daylight is falling to the hr mark near us canada border via dst	0
onenote app for windows now lets you insert a photo from your camera microsoft september cool tech ! ! !	1
choose one a . spurs finish th but arsenal win the treble . b . spurs finish th above arsenal but means no new stadium ?	0
swing by the all arts market friday night at neighborhood theatre ! come buy local and start your christmas shopping early 	1
entertainment caitlyn jenner may debut as runway model caityln jenner may walk the runway at the upcoming new . . .	0
don t forget to tune in as miss iowa usa will represent the hawkeye state during sunday s miss usa pageant 	0
he s a very fast starter in the first round in majors but will dustin johnson strike it third time lucky come sunday ? majors golfchat	0
oingo boingo well u c most of the band tomorrow leonard cohen on monday . dudeimstoked	1
who wants to stay the night at my house tomarrow night an go to venice beach with me on friday ? i ll drive . let me no trying to make plans	0
rangers will likely activate josh hamilton from the dl on tuesday .	1
friday corn day ? will we make a run higher today or go quietly into the weekend ? short term bulls fighting long term bears . . .	0
hell yea lmfaoo u c see you tomorrow asia baby 	1
settled part of bali stuff with the friends . tomorrow some more . totally forgot about my am class 	0
arriving tomorrow and throughout the weekend copper river salmon from alaska wianno oysters from cape cod fresh alaskan halibut	0
anyone interested in foo fighters tickets for tomorrow night at wrigley field in the level ? 	0
i think i u ll go to thalia tomorrow and look for tlos and then i u ll buy it again and be happy 	1
rousey may not have the money that floyd has but people respect her way more .	1
aslam o alikum every one happy rd day of eid	1
the winner of the ed sheeran lookalike competition sponsored by balls of fire is . . .	0
why blue jays nation has fallen in love with david price toronto sun	0
kjv ot ezekiel ch . . . you even a great sacrifice upon the mountains of israel that ye may eat flesh and drink blood .	0
ok i will remind you of this convo in march when brook beats devon alexander for a world title . and khan still has glass chin	0
randy orton vs seth rollins for the wwe heavyweight championship live tonight on monday night raw	0
daily zap okc vs san june nd daily zap okc vs san june nd check tonight u s e . . . wait s u cpressskip ad	0
david price getting you excited to watch the jays play again . ks wins october baseball ?	1
believed thunder came from thor and that the sun rotated the earth .	0
coulthard says alonso may have lost some leverage in negotiations with mclaren f 	0
bernie sanders should win the democratic nomination easily . living through his entire term if he wins may be a different story .	1
report thrilled to announce will join the guys tomorrow morning . if you see him driving a lexus it definitely wasn t us .	1
if you would have told th grade eleni that i would go see one direction in america without zayn . . i d probably think that you were lying	0
snow white and the huntsman u c then the scream movies with this guy on sunday excited	0
miss you tay ! i was just looking thru my ipod amp i have vids of you singing back in sat prep lol	1
are you and jack gonna come see shawn tomorrow ? !	0
nice smallzy retweeted me during the wild premier on thursday and i dropped my ipod whoops	0
when you turn on the game and your up with david price on the mount in the bottom of the st you start thinking of other things to do lol	0
watching the st series of game of thrones is bringing back painful memories	2
is your pet the perfect poser ? free to enter competition with the gazette . go along to pets at home squires gate lane nov 	1
sigh i m going back to milan tomorrow	2
stick to college hoops pandering to nd rate acc teams . . . dook u s opening game is right around the corner u c baybeeee ! !	1
ah right u c i u ll have to go for plan b then ha . i suppose with the final deadline being december it u s not too much of a problem	1
gig at gay tomorrow with hopefully fingers crossed x	1
i ll make my friends listening to calibraska when i back to school on monday calibraskaep	1
last week was guayaquil independence day here in ecuador which meant no school on friday and so we organised a trip with staff and stude . . .	0
i am going to take a sign to raw on monday that says hulk hogan is my nigga . beliedat	1
when u s the last time the chiefs scored a meaningful offensive touchdown ? september rd u c at saints . firepioli	0
i didn t buy your club to invest in zlatan . i shall visit china tomorrow amp gift you a china made zlachan taekwondo staycalm	0
does anyone want to trade a playstation vita for a ipod touch th generation gigabyte ? 	0
this is ball shit because i broken my ankle on sunday at football the army won u t let me in for year thanks callum twat 	2
i know mcgregor has been hyped like rousey amp i also know if he loses tomorrow dana white might stroke out	0
yes enlightening . because brentley is emitting light like the sun !	1
happy friday ! if i could make those words any bigger or bolder u c i would ! lol have a great weekend all of our pjd friends !	1
tiff gretchen fell asleep times during the pssa s in th grade pms legend	0
people are going to think i u m a devil tomorrow u c but no i u m actually meryl streep in the devil wears prada duh	0
i m finishing sophomore year in curtis but i m moving too jersey saturday well tmr i get the keys and everything	0
billy cundiff . his missed fg at the end of the nd quarter changed the game . he u ll never play again	2
d u c you u re the closest source btwn fans team . btw heard cards may sign billy cundiff . any truth ? ! snarklife	0
early morning playing cards with the guys please play justin bieber sorry jolly monday morning tune !	1
i don t want to go to school on monday . i would love to cuddle with niall instead . but this will never ever happen lol .	2
i hate watching movies like friday after next on vh u c bet u c mtv u c etc . because they take out the bad language . it u s no fun !	2
we re hiring ! read about our latest job opening here prince george career open house august th at pm cibc	0
we face the storm tomorrow morning at am on victory lane . the winner will advance to play the henderson hawks for the championship	0
f dubai nov u c pm onwards with some vps u c and directors ! check fb for details !	0
are you folks gonna let you stay over at nat s house tomorrow night ?	0
 loanwatch ben amos is a doubt for tonight u s hull city game vs doncaster nd round league cup u c with a groin problem .	2
larry bird is ranked th all time not including lebron or kobe just sayin . . .	0
sat at dunkin until almost am just talking to and checking out hot police officers . friendshipgoals	0
i will give more solo dm with zayn tomorrow so stay active and turn notifs on . x	0
happy friday ! come for copper river salmon . the freshest most wonderful salmon in the world ! and dessert too of . . .	1
thank fuck it u s friday . to all the lads off to newcastle have a good one . wish i was coming with ya . haveplenty	1
 ghost of mississippi the story of the ghost that tripped eli manning on th down that fateful autumn night in oxford . for 	0
tim tebow steps out with girlfriend camilla belle in florida sun sentinel share with friends top news . . .	0
murray with a st down pass to kirk	0
bought my st ever single at woolies . p iron maiden number of the beast . still got it .	1
my friday night is going to be me eating a lot of food watching naruto and maybe some air guitar .	1
happy may day folks ! be it celebrating the spring day of the yearly cycle or singing billy bragg and talking about iwd have a great day !	1
tomorrow is raksha bandhan so i think today i post it for u . . . . . . . holi is colorful diwali is lig	0
nicki getting hood just then gave me so much motivation to go to school tomorrow and get good grades and go to college i m so alive	1
thursday margarita day with poker sign in before p .m . and a funtastic time ! ! ! ! yeaha friday jaron bell riannon bday party reminder 	1
yea i went to the one at metlife on august th otrametlife	0
kesha sues dr luke claiming sexual assault by the star producer 	0
lmfao when may comes around u c watch zachary cheer for the bulls or celtics lololol	1
thanksgiving leftovers is the nd best part of thanksgiving . . why wouldn t i be mad	1
today in history november u c elvis gave a party at his hotel before going out on maneuvers . he sang and . . .	0
for those that missed it i m dropping a new batman track tomorrow since dkr debuts . if you want it i ll send it to you . only way to get it .	0
george harrison was a customer storied staten island guitar store may close if it can t find a buyer	0
walking through glasgow in the pissing rain then george harrison s dulcet tones appear on my earphones with here comes the sun . nice .	1
wishing it was october so i can see sam smith already .	1
my heart felt condolences go out to the gifford family and friends of a great nfl player and icon of monday night football frank gifford rip	0
the th mission impossible franchise does it still carry a appeal aside from bankrolling tom cruise ? filmreview	0
 more seasons of game of thrones ? c mon ! you can at least make seasons . . .right ? is that too much to ask ? ok is fine .	0
i just finished reading paper towns last night and is going to a sleepover tomorrow so somehow i talked j into seeing the movie tomorrow	1
kris bryant was back in the cubs lineup and ready to play before monday night s rainout in pittsburgh but his . . .	0
a treat for bondgeek s booking today as tomorrow we ll hear more on the title song now anticipated to be sung by sam smith ? spectre	1
 winnipegjets bogosian ready to bring it on with jets winnipeg sun	0
there is no such thing as global warming . chuck norris was cold so he turned the sun up .	1
is in town . deutsche bank golf tomorrow newport ri in the evening and jays vs . red sox monday amp tuesday . nice labor day weekend .	0
the hidden budget tax rises george osborne didn t want you to know about	2
we did or not i m happy that place and anyway congrats to all who support to lady gaga she got nd place mtvstars lady gaga	1
it s a joke ! troicki v young into a th set and on sky go we are forced to watch murray walking into the practice court ? ? ?	2
still in search of the really dayna santullo . she s been missing since she willingly passed on a chris brown concert on saturday	2
this nigga just hit a full court one handed shot with brook lopez . . .smh u c st birthday shit	2
rt conrad murray hearing going on today prosecution trying to block some witnesses .	0
where the hell are the atheists ? oh right . we re talking islam here . they don t have the balls to say anything .	2
mallshow with the pbbunlimited big wendy u c divine u c deniesse at pacific mall legaspi landco plaza u c april u c pm ! 	1
taking the fam to the yankees and red sox game tomorrow	0
my pictures are always like the nd one but he is justin bieber so he s perfect anyway .	1
i u m excited to go to the knicks vs . lakers game in december thanks daddy you dah best	1
why wait until september to see stan walker in sydney when he u s coming to newcastle panthers on august !	0
don t boast that you support lgbt rights than bemoan that christians may have to obey public accommodation laws .	0
sensationalism at its finest . next thing you know we ll be hearing that graham harrell may take aaron rodgers spot . smh .	1
may the world know that nato and especially the usa uk turkey saudi arabia and israel are the worst terrorists .	2
do you know how long alexandra burke will be on stage on thursday at hype park ?	0
thanks lovey . we are going to see foo fighters next sunday so that s getting me through ! !	1
she asked if that part in the movie inspired the bye felicia for friday amp i m just saying maybe cause ice cube wrote it	0
im really happy tht shawn won at the tca on the th of august im proud of him .	1
merry mart sun is at the creative alliance !	0
geez . .the labour leader has to be electable because otherwise a tory govt will continue to do it s very worst .	2
so we can t run ads to help catch the most wanted terrorists because it might offend muslims . . . . great . . . .	2
the first and the last crap on this planet right is you seth rollins and on sunday wwe universe will get rid of this crap .	2
you u re going to breath the same air as song joongki tomorrow grrrr	0
jazz and celeste are seeing jack white in london on saturday and i shall be eating nutella with a spoon	0
i want to see a live performance of nirvana playing jesus doesn t want me for a sun beam where chris noveselic does an accordion solo	0
day for night was pretty disappointing . . . still going tomorrow to see kendrick lamar dillon frances and prismo . . . .	2
like the bbc when they ve just mentioned a brand product . other ways to learn are available and may be just as effective .	1
but besides that . tune in this friday ! i ll be on thefix ! ! ! with curtis drugs and rei . don t want to miss this cause . . . it s me .	1
murray on the verge of being scottish again for the nd time in a week . . . . . . .	0
i just saw the st swansea goal against arsenal . vermalen didn t even try and get back . strip him of the armband . disgrace .	2
are we still going sylvia park tomorrow ?	0
 th airline hijackers were muslims think of it buddhists living with hindus no problem hindus living with christians no 	0
as good as the fights were tonight i m glad this one is over . one day closer to seeing anderson silva clown a massive asian man spidersense	1
just heard that caitlyn jenner may be charged with manslaughter after being involved in a fata . . . via	0
thank you for the christmas wishes ! may yahweh bless and keep you your family and the sovereign nation of israel . benjaminnetanyahu	1
it s cool outside and i ve got ac dc playing inside . this is how you adult on a saturday night .	1
saturday and sunday k is a tradition but please no more chris evans he has too much to say amp ruined the show ! !	2
thank you jessica same to you . the sun is even out !	1
i just want thursday to come for naruto	1
game day baby ! i woke early thinking of friday night lights ! may you play as family for the glory of the lord ! goba	1
ladies it u s time for y u all to bring out them tight freak um dresses at club pulse tomorrow n th street free til 	0
c mon guys we all knew taylor was gonna do something eventually when lena dunham showed up in the bad blood video .	0
hi what ganne do to roman this monday you have to kick his ass like sting i m your fans from saudi arabia	1
so i heard my old crush is going to the bell game tomorrow and wanna talk ? wtf ? o weird	2
 years ago this weekend i saw ac dc at united center on a friday and blink in tinley the next day . it was the best weekend ever .	1
best elton john song in years and it s not elton . it s hozier bluesy irish singer . heavy video . album out tuesday	1
i have one ticket for jason aldean tomorrow . and it s yours .	0
anyone trying to hit up jason aldean with me friday night in charlotte ?	0
in th grade i fell down some stairs fractured my left leg got a concussion . the next day i bought the full twilight series	2
don t forget yoga in haggard park at a on monday ! ! ! see you there !	1
i think what you re trying to say is you cant believe it s the th day of eid .	0
the sun be like d band member louis tomlinson spotted with mysterious blonde .is he cheating on pregnant briana ? 	0
i want to watch paper towns ! free tomorrow evening ? x	1
which men s match do you think they will play on the wednesday night slot ? federer djokovic or murray ! ?	0
ok maybe i ll paint my nails tomorrow jk i ll probably end up doing my naruto art all day	0
i remember when haterade by nicki pharrell and gucci was my ringtone in the th grade	0
beyonce pearl jam ed sheeran coldplay and more play at the globalcitizen festival on sept ! spread the word 	1
 hamont is great ! so much happening in the city . just started at msa in august	1
ok foofighters just may be my heros today ! foo fighters rick roll westboro baptist church quotes are mine 	1
still loving must see saturday .where else can you be victorious get a big time rush and learn how to rock . luved the episode .	1
happy birthday may your day be filled with ketchup and niall horan	1
 . .morning austin . . . . .i u m going to bed now . .hahha pm in south africa .writing math exam tomorrow .wish me luck xx	1
bobby jindal i m the only candidate that has actually reduced the size of government 	0
but it was time for paul burrell to bid farewell to the celebrity big brother house on friday night though in . . .	1
one concern about posterous is that it was bought by twitter recently and so may no longer have same support development as previously .	2
we may have had a small fleetwood mac style party in your yard but it s okay we invited the neighbors lolol	1
just went to see paper towns with my friends . amazing ! ! ! then we were driving home and we stuck our heads out the sun roof . such a rush . . .	1
holiday meal in curtis and huffman tuesday during regular dinner hours . check the menu online	0
joe biden and debbie wasserman schultz gush with praise for each other sun sentinel	1
in the crypt of this church was an illegal sunday night gay club where i first saw lily savage	0
have a great thursday all of you one sweet day mariah carey amp boyz ii men	1
boho rocker performs at austin city limits festival in the texas capitol s zilker park on friday night aclfest	0
josh hamilton scored rangers th run of the ballgame on a sac blunt in the th . mlb	0
we may have the slimmest of chances cuz of de gea . but not enough time rather try for griezmann . wont mind zlatan for a year !	0
justin bieber may have a number single but he still visits santa claus 	0
congratulations to my brother now you can drive yourself to work saturday mornings ! ! ! ! yahoo !	1
come build some dino builds tomorrow evening at cinema under the stars ! jurassic park	1
a win for lfc v bolton will see them beat their away points tally for the whole of last season . and we have to win tomorrow s game .	1
droid bionic comes out the th ? ohhhh hmm . . .	0
y all really think goodell is mad at the tom brady suspension appeal ? c mon now . haven t you seen house of cards ? lol	0
guys i just want to go to justin biebers concert on november th why is doing this to me	2
cafe asia for the bday tomorrow night	0
saturday movie reviews ant man is fun amp light while woman in gold is tugs at the heart	1
the big l is strictly gunplay i run thru church n pistol whip the priest every sunday . damn 	2
talking books with my th grade niece at our family christmas she s a dystopian fantasy twilight girl . must have learned from	1
brock lesnar wear a cup this sunday . gotta protect the family jewels .	0
all the young dudes david bowie ian hunter brian may queen freddie mercury tribute concert	0
join us tomorrow december th for our star wars day . all services . grades . it s going to be epic ! . . .	1
i can t wait to invade these wal mart s on december nd with kendrick s xxl cover .	1
i want to dress up as thor tomorrow and wear a syndergaard jersey .	1
dustin johnson shoots himself out of lead at british open dustin johnson felt as though he played well sunday but while everyone els . . .	0
when managers players make it a matter of their ego then things always go bad . that s his problem . . nd stint at barca e .g	2
report steelers can u t find hotel u c to travel sun . the pittsburgh steelers will fly to new york only hours before playing the giants . . .	2
my bro gonna take the reigns from trey burke without a dropoff and be on that stage in a few yrs . gta gt tht education st !	1
aw ! you re such a sweetheart ! def ! i m going to be in dallas for thanksgiving so i ll be black friday shopping ! let s meet up !	1
this is so important . trump is playing on the racist fears of white americans and it s working .	2
can u t sleep . . .watching stevie tv for the th time tonight	2
sat here on my birthday listening to would be great to get a shout out from you guys dave grohl legend ! ! !	1
coming down to arsenal v hull city tomorrow do you welcome away fans ?	0
in madonna s th year she earned million . back then it was really expensive .	1
kasich wants immigration crackdown but leaves door open on pathway ohio gov . john kasich said wednesday he w . . .	0
i m of the opinion that there may be a military coup in turkey . there are similarities between erdogan amp menderes .	2
amen rt may the universe guide tony romo s arms and eyes toward jason witten . and may jason cont 	0
think it u s in comedy central this friday u c i downloaded it and its also on virgin on demand tv xl	0
someone may aswell lick my face it now tastes an smells of vanilla fudge facemasssssssk	0
gonna try using it with sadat u c will evaluate my progress tomorrow at the library lol . . .	0
joel obi may miss out of the super eagles team to play tanzania as reports from torino say he will undergo more tests on a thigh complaint	0
trouble ahead for syriza and tsipras just as the bailout deal is passed greece	0
 lt goblet again to your return thor .may you find a little rest here after all this hard time . she looked into your eyes again 	1
hey there justin may i know which console you re trying to play on ? ey	1
cause ur cool since bama mark ! awesome ! roll tide watching you every sunday ! god bless ! rtr !	1
i want to see a th twilight book where renesme diablerizes bella and edward before starting a reign of terror .	0
the beast incarnated brock lesnar calls ronda rousey a super freak but is worried she may not be remembered .	0
 ani news its a non profit company amp amp its very clear . lets see what happens on the th rahul gandhi nationalheraldcase	0
calling all you deadheads ! head over to the free grateful dead tribute concert today july th from . . .	1
the only thing i looked forward to at wwa was c mon c mon	1
really feeling littlebigplanet again so i m gonna rebuy on the ps tomorrow now its super cheap and transfer all my stuff from and 	1
long shot call frank ocean s new album will drop at the apple press event on the th .	0
prototype quadrotor with machine gun ! visit fps russia a th mission impossible film ? 	0
massive thunderstorm over milan last night . a few more of those expected across the coming days . friday looking sketchy .	2
off to carrow road saturday to see the mighty canaries shit all over stoke angry bloke will no doubt be sat behind me again !	1
our network is by far the nd best in the world and as far as being second just you hide and watch . i work for t mobile !	1
you ve heard the black friday collaboration with kendrick lamar and j .cole right ? so the question is kendrick lamar or j .cole ?	0
my yr old son is going to see the foo fighters today . i am so jealous i may just burn his shirts when i iron them !	2
i congratulate you on using vince logic not because sting is old he would never let a wcw star win the strap in his st year	1
my birthday tomorrow and if it doesn t get as much coverage as prince george s i m going to suspect this royalty thing really isn t fair .	0
israeli occupation forces clash with christians after sunday mass	2
all you people watching sharknado tomorrow are they terrorists hate us .	0
that s what i was thinking when i heard apple event ! ! ! the one on the nd	1
hello flora . this is patti on behalf of ira . may i confirm if you already received an e mail from globe ?	0
 photos emile heskey celebrates with team mate ruben zadkovich newcastle u c australia october . . . ubersoccer	1
never mind tfi friday i wish he would bloody end his chris evans amp his celebrity chums chat show on radio .	2
when our love for something or someone takes us out of the boundaries of islam that love that may once have been . . .	0
sat alone downstairs in the dark with sam smith on might grab myself a beer or vodka as well . living life to the maxxxxx	1
i u m back in rugby on a sat but if i do play it will have to be before like !	0
i have tickets for zac brown band this saturday . great seats just can t make it anymore . gonna sell for less than what i paid . 	1
the sting becomes the knew world champion on monday night raw . john cena retains his united states world champion	1
having a ride along with ice cube and kevin hart must be very peaceful . . . ridealong jan 	0
c .j . cron has dropped a popup booted a grounder and broken up david price s no hitter in the th with a double angels	2
even the new moto g has a screen which is already bigger than i prefer . i may end up there though .	0
in her session at the th international cloud expo u c lauren cotugno u c distinguished technologist u c cloud consultin . . .	0
yeah i no but on the bright side i just got a letter from boise state yesterday 	1
ricky gervais all that money u c all the freedom that money brings . thought he u d spend sunday tweeting . . .	0
boo ! well u c carmel is a nice nd to mass . will you b dtown carmel ?	1
not mine lol but cant wait til friday its pay day and this will be the rd check from curtis !	1
finding people who can actually see zac brown band with me on friday is a struggle right now	2
i guess one s action star is much the same as any other . can t wait for chuck norris s remake of junior .	1
jennifer aniston shows she u s prada her figure at fashion bash the sun the sunjennifer aniston shows she u s pra . . .	0
dolorous edd would be the kid in th grade who nods when ppl talk about nirvana but has no actual idea what it is	2
nice to be in the youtube round up . mine is the last link messi is the headline . surely a mix up ? !	1
may i know how the match result between milan vs verona just now ?	0
the verbal feud between boxer floyd mayweather and the ufc s ? ? ronda rousey ? ?continued into thursday when mayweather issued a response to	2
as we patiently awaitrt back in studio putting final touches to the album . . .should be out nxt week friday .	1
thursday th otherwise know as star wars day we will have christmas parties in the afternoon .pupils should arrive in uniform then change .	0
nekromantix with blazin entrails tomorrow night the rosemount . make it if you can !	1
i m sure real madrid will somehow sign de gea tomorrow but tonight s been entertaining all the same	1
as long as ted cruz amp scott walker are still in the race donaldtrump ranks no higher than rd most offensive candidate . gopbs	0
i ll meet you at ihop on edgewood road around tomorrow . ask for the jeremy party !	1
it will happen in th year and remember rahul don t make him hero like u guys did with yakub	2
and i are going to bluesfest on sunday ! wanna join ? ! wolfgang garnter is awesome ! lt 	1
we ve got some stories about that . coach stoops has a history of being tooturnt swindle told him sat . you got too much juice . 	0
can t wait til next week i ll be back reunited with the ps yall players safe til september th doe believe dat	1
tomorrow is eid and the sheep shall bleed	0
anyway me and moonbyul are going to disneyland tomorrow . we might hold hands if i don t chicken out !	1
for how long u c i might be in nj then ?rt thursday night the th of dec .	0
hmm need to convert the euros i have left from barcelona for bristol on tuesday .	0
i ll be damned if i m gonna let the muslims run this country of ours and turn it into a rd world shit hole like they did to theirs .	2
did you know that david bowie was trending topic on friday for hours in amsterdam ? trndnl	1
looks like we will be headin the charleston again jan winter jam !	0
muhammad ali came into my work tonight to eat . . .i think that being in the presence of a legend made this tuesday pretty legit .	1
rt comedy central rt what channel is arsenal game on tonight	0
cant wait to watch the debate tomorrow night . if romney grills obama as hard as he did gingrich in fl romney will wipe the floor with obama	1
did you notice how the upper corners of sting s paint were gone b c he was in there so long ? c mon seth take it home . 	0
piper s pit sun dome in tampa . hulk hogan accepts the challenge from andre the giant for wmiii ! i was there ! unforgetable	0
i may be in the minority but i think kenny lofton may have been wronged by the hardline . decide for yourself .	2
i have to say the pony scene from magic mike xxl may be some of channing s finest dancing	1
i finally get to go see jurassic world tomorrow at i m so excited i ll tell you guys how it went i m so excited yaay	1
sky melo and perisic are set to debut in the inter shirt against milan in next sunday s derby . icardi is also probable .	0
federer takes the opener against djokovic . better player in the set amp winning plenty behind the nd serve .	0
 bloodysunday martin mcguinness admitted he was the ira gunman who sparked bloody sunday with a single shot	2
eagle bancorp completes sale of million of common stock nov eagle bancorp inc . nasdaq egbn u c the par . . .	0
what about here comes the sun by george harrison or laughter in the rain by neil sedaka ?	0
there are many more catholics who do not agree with mourdock than gingrich or others may think .	2
quite a few popping up in usa xmen director the producer that raped kesha r kelly the th heaven guy thats all folks	0
gucci bags superego good hope january flaunt the dual yours entelechy ultra ultra fanning out versus argumentu . . .	0
top mc s right now gotta be kendrick cole rocky big sean and an unfilled th spot . knights on the mic .	1
argus are you undecided about who you will vote for in the th congressional district . . . are you undecided ab . . .	0
aussie share market set to open pct lower monday shake it off says amp economist ? more like bad blood taylorswift fx auspol	0
if sting is on raw tomorrow then there is no doubt he will confront the undertaker to build towards a match at wrestlemania .	0
sunday oliseh to pick five local stars for tanzania game super eagles coach sunday oliseh has revealed he w . . .	1
sif s crush on thor is adorable but also sad she should just hook up with may	0
looking closely at john kasich . a moderate who may finally get me to vote the other way . extremists on either side will not serve us well 	0
i m enjoying u sunday bloody sunday on the classic rock channel at	1
hold on . . . sam smith may do the theme to spectre ! ? dope ! ! ! ! ! ! spectre jamesbond	1
as it s not israel muslims will not bother to march thro london amp rally embassy of murderers who did this	2
cba for work this weekend u c wana be a sloth on sunday with and	0
bolton wanderers who are th in the championship after winning only three of their matches have sacked their manager owen coyle .	2
please stop walking and work ! ! you have more than one month of late the update was annonced the of july ios wait !	2
 tune into tomorrow for a special pushandshove news segment during the am am hours ! nooooooooo	2
i thought star wars day was may th because may the forth be with you . now it s december th too ? go december eighteenth yourself . 	1
i have practice tomorrow but all i want to do is watch star wars . starwars thestruggle	1
it s sophomores only ! for the cashee test or however it s spelt .	0
do you guys think the icon sting will actually get his st victory in wwe ? if so when and where will he get it ? ! wzdaily	0
in zimmerman ! c u mon . and then she was talking to jenny about the retreat like she was there and she wasn u t !	0
woke up this morning smiled with the rising sun . . .singing sweet songs of melodies pure and true ! bob marley	1
yep turner house ! i won u t know my roommate til the aug .	0
always enjoyed it when frank gifford was on monday night football especially when he was teamed with al michaels and dan dierdorf .	1
looking forward to monday night raw the return of brock lesnar and raw	1
representing bob marley on our own show day we hope you have an awesome time tomorrow night ! philly	1
an update from an athlete from basildon we sponsor . on sat gemma attended the london grand prix 	0
what i m getting from miss usa is that you can not answer a question at all and still get rd	2
lets fly like a bird ! this friday a new birdhouse edition at the jimmy woo with flava clay youri alexander don perigion and more !	0
anarchists dried off in the sun inside lady gaga s crotch . i am cringeing .	2
tomorrow venus will pass in front of the sun . it will b a small dot u c if u happen to look at the sun .	0
seeing all these concert pics makes me even more excited to go see jason aldean thursday with my favorite people	1
follow the top iran stories for dec on our topical page 	0
so jim white just said pogba could leave juventus before tuesday get a bid in chelsea ! !	0
eleanor says she u s going to practice squat peeing in the shower for tomorrow	0
well the cool thing with democrats in power doma is getting reviewed on the th .	1
yo man wants you to wear a dawgs jersey ! boise state jerseys are going out of fashion on september th . ugadawgswag	0
selling my jason aldean cole swindell and tyler farr ticket for their show in raleigh on saturday . dm me if you re interested .	0
head coach of the super eagles sunday oliseh has revealed that john mikel obi refused to show up for their . . .	0
sunday we re striking a pose with madonnarama ! join for an all madonna dance party til am !	1
i liked a video nicki minaj dear old nicki with lyrics pink friday	1
as much as i want the devils to take their kovalchuk cash and go after kane it s really not the best move for right now . th seed at best .	0
happy th birthday dear donny gibbon ! donny is a funny little gibbon he loves to play tag wrestle and chase . . .	1
yep . i had a church staffer tell me last night that he outright avoids muslims for fear he may have to shoot them . . .	2
upcoming exhibition will tell the story of christianity islam amp judaism in egypt after the pharaohs	0
we are waking up at to go to disneyland tomorrow . wtf whyyyy it s not worth it	2
republican presidential hopeful scott walker spent the saturday afternoon touring central alabama .	0
had a pretty good night . jogging on the beach swimming in my clothes . popcorn and family guy . excellent . 	1
trying to sell my jason aldean ticket for this saturday . anyone want to go ? ? ? ?	1
like a rolling stone competition with ap physics nd period with mr . shaw . dhsfizix	0
 st do you need an intern ? moto x pure or note ? real madrid or barcelona ? teamkrispy	0
this is aimed david cameron fight me . meet me behind the bike sheds tomorrow pm sharp . b there or b square	2
filmclub back monday with source code u c a sci fi techno thriller with jake gyllenhaal u c directed by david bowie u s son !	0
kurt cobain solo album to be released in november . i guess he s taking another shot at music .	1
now there u s only one roger johnson to winter wonderland . but now a wed corner . . .which ends with mattock rifling high into the south bank .	0
lvms prepares for nascar weekend busy schedule of racing by mark anderson nascar weekend will garner just abou . . .	0
celebrity juice tonight pm itv . hurrraaaaah ! its a back to school special who s featuring ! the wait is too much ! ooosh	1
kanye west may very well run for president in but that wasn t the most interesting thing he said last night .	0
if you missed ian mckellan reading lyrics to bad blood you need to right that wrong right now	1
just got home from garden city and sunnybank . working again tomorrow . 	1
selling a jason aldean ticket for september th ! let me know if you need one .	0
damn . if i was able to go today i could have watched the advanced screening of terra nova 	2
 cleartheshelters this saturday august th at prince george s county animal shelter ! hope to see you there ! !	1
 madonna released holiday as a single from madonna the first album it was the st madonna song to enter the billboard hot .	1
now i gotta cut loose footloose kick off the sunday shoes . please louise pull me off of my knees . kurt cobain 	0
scoreless th inn for salem and potomac we head to the th with the red sox leading . rhp derek self through . scoreless inn of relief	0
sonic is celebrating national hot dog day on wednesday with discounted dogs	1
my apple watch just told me to stand up . . . . but i haven t even sat down yet . . .	0
concert this thursday with ! then hopefully get some tickets for jason aldean and	1
team news moussa dembele u c emmanuel adebayor and gareth bale will all miss the game tomorrow against maribor . thfc	0
pics and video of the broken nose john cena suffered in wwe raw main event with seth rollins via	0
why it s great to go see ant man in imax or any movie really at the tuesday late night showing .	1
i hate that this will be the rd year fifa has legends and ps users still can t play with them . when is this changing	2
it s a lot bigger than you may think just take a look at hannibal	1
question i wore this shirt one time and it was the monday before thanksgiving break its too soon for a repeat right ?	0
nov st facebook u c sean ryan put plarium on the board as no . social game in q u c i can send you links to his interview	0
im getting horny hey that reminds me is it the th yet ? new two and a half men and or roast of charlie sheen	1
fact google may have all the answers but siri is tremendously more entertaining . observationsoflifeonearth	1
huge congrats to cbc former student tim glencross whose debut novel barbarians has now just sold in germany . uk is th estate !	1
are you available to play sunday in the president u s day game ?	0
any advise on how to get u tickets for the th need two ga ?	0
next monday is going to a year since my wwa show and niall s bday i am so emo	1
coverstory on the italian guitar club magazine . grazie mille ragazzi ! pick up a copy amp see u in milan on oct ! gusg	0
 parttimeproblems call in tomorrow . call in no goddammit i don t want to know who wrote jurassic world call in tomorrow . tomo 	0
saudi hereditary dictatorship kills shias in the eastern province . un security council not to meet pakistani mullahcult not to march .	2
selena gomez amp kris jenner may have teamed up amp weirdly that s not the worst idea googlealerts	1
storm aftermath abj october millions of people in the eastern united states awoke this morning to floode . . .	0
the undertaker defeated brock lesnar via submission at sunday night s wwe summerslam event however the . . .	0
hawks game tomorrow . . . i u m fuckin wit it	1
groundhog day ? he just keeps seeing jt snow rounding rd over and over and over and over . . . marlinsmysteryfanrevealed	0
brock lesnar is going over sunday at summerslam doesn t take a rocket scientist to figure that out raw	0
come and visit gregory gym on saturday for the orange vs . white scrimmage ! your fans would love to see you 	1
christian ponder may not be a great qb but he is a great individual . shout out to him for his act of kindness .	1
m i was . . . ok . nowhere near as awesome the th was . glad i didn t spend at the theater for it . i would rather watch ant man again .	0
stoops said he was in contact with the league about j .d . harmon hit leading to suspension saturday .	0
okay wait before i go everyone listen to the version of last friday night by katy perry with missy elliot . it s gold . thank me later .	1
video of justin at a night club in new york city tonight . september 	0
climbing frames for plants the sun has been out the chelsea flower show has been in full swing and we are all . . .	1
leggo guys ! dragmedownday enough with that kpop thingy . it s time to get serious . mtvhottest one direction	0
i m so serious . january is months away so i thought everyone was talking about zayn s birthday .	0
new release september th which is the prequel to complicated love affairs by yolanda dumas available on amazon .	0
you think he gets sent down when david wright comes back tomorrow ?	0
russia removes iran s enriched uranium as per nuke deal the russia iran accord under the july deal foresees t . . .	2
rumor has it apple is likely to unveil new iphones at their sep media event iphone s iphone s plus iphone c	1
i reckon kane will get off the mark on sat then he ll be buzzing again c	0
any advice for buying tickets for the milan derby ? heading in january but know tickets are few amp far between in derby day ! thanks	0
it s me isn t it ? take me to iron maiden .	1
pic of what i got to experience friday before the entire world get to see it . d madonna performing dress you up . . .	1
when you realize you re going to see ed sheeran tomorrow	1
we have our pcc candidate speaking at the morris hall shrewsbury this friday at . pm . fb event here	0
sonia gandhi khan aur rahul gandhi khan . dono doob ke mar jaao kahin . i mean it . whole country will celebrate the day as diwali .	1
carlo ancelotti isco is a very important player . tomorrow james rodriguez will start he rested wednesday .	0
mcgregor vs aldo coming dec . . so we going halvsies on ppv ? ha . they need to hurry up and throw rousey vs . cyborg on there .	0
lester goes and strong gives up a run in th . kris bryant hits a walk off to win lester doesn t get the w . heartbreaking for owners !	0
simmons ranking the celtics th makes sense if you assume they ll trade rondo which he does .	0
tuesday tech tips windows finally shows some real xbox integration and you can use it to log into your xbox . . .	1
rt r familylovesyourocky we love you rocky ! ! amp lt see you in milan next september . . . 	1
i admire you with all my heart u c lauren . may the god u c that watches over the rest of the world u c bless you and keep you x	1
foo fighters are here tomorrow ! join us for happy hour before the show at gate from pm . cocktails beer sodas water	1
pop bottles make love thug passion red bottoms mon claire high fashion	1
thor throws at royals heads cepedes hurts self salvy st person to call for the trainer . difference between class and classless . beroyal	0
aw i m so happy for you guys ! tell everyone i say hi ! i ll be in hamilton monday night for the demi lovato concert ! !	1
kids yoga starts sunday sept th at am . breath work will be part of the curriculum discover how yoga can . . .	0
fuck me i took so long to watch jurassic park and kept pausing it and then i sat on the remote and it changed channels and now its live tv	2
kanye west to run for president ? is it april st already ? ridiculous cloudcuckooland	2
these lil girls singing birthday cake . . . . .girl it was yo th birthday the other day smh lol	1
strange enough u c i u m going to see noel gallagher in concert tomorrow night . alldayb tch	0
just started getting into gifs and i interviewed janet jackson about nipplegate . just jokes y all .	1
floyd mayweather thinks that muhammad ali is only the th greatest boxer ever . what do yall think ?	0
i don t get too riled up because nicki may be dancing with miley onstage at the next awards show . vmas	0
malice . fyi tony blair may be loved in usa but he is pretty much despised by many if not most here in england .	2
just saw soaked in bleach . all i can say is that it may very well be the best movie revealing many facts about kurt cobain s death . . . o	1
i almost went ps route but decided seeing how nfl is sponsored by one it may be slightly better on the one instead of 	0
thank god tomorrow is the last day for pssas !	1
once more us foreign policy messes up m . east by flirting with erdogan turkey soon may be the new pakistan . thanks !	2
arrival of ship mataf pride port abu dhabi time nov am utc time of arrival departure is the time the vessel appr . . .	0
psa hello attention does anybody want some ed sheeran tickets for nashville on the th ?	0
would like to get to milan for the world tour appearance of maestro zubin mehta in may	0
 cupid doesn u t lie but you won u t know unless you give it a try wwooww .may pinaghuhugutan !	1
wait are you going to the game tomorrow for reagan	0
oh and red tails for the st time . . yeah yeah kinda orta late af . . but it was good !	1
 mlbfantasy ryan braun reached base four times tuesday going for with two walks and two runs scored as the brewers downed the pa . . .	0
photoset august shawn with fifth harmony on the vmas red carpet	0
i still think the number of muslims in india exceed pakistan may not be indonesia !	0
yes . . .okay i u m going to sleep night tressa talk to you tomorrow hun ! xx	0
hot off our poster printer michael ball in concert with cyo december th th in city hall cork	0
get paid next friday so i get to buy koko and i some food from ihop after the game	1
david wright to return to mets lineup on monday vs . phillies for the first time in over four months david wright is penciled in the . . .	0
maybe sunday was just a funny day for tennis murray on getting over a cold my voice feels like normal again . still dull obviously . 	0
why don t we just tag on may have ebola any time we refer to someone . the patriots who all may have contracted ebola won last night 	0
happened a few minutes ago . . i believe the bus route was . . . if he went into other kane s he may have hit firefighters	2
let me tell you about the experience i just had . . . so me and lexus said bye for the final time before i leave tomorrow . let me describe	0
is the news about netflix and kunle afolayan s october true ?	0
qb printers didnt start . wr avery starts and scores on st poss . down to the wichita wild	2
a pumpkin muffin from dunkin will be the only way i make it through tomorrow without crying a lot	1
interesting . . .i just got my ps today . we may have to link up at some point before you go back to the dark side !	1
george harrison s review of the sun it s all right . 	0
be sure to follow the coyotes affiliate in the american hockey league they start training camp on saturday .	0
very gruesome terrible injury for marcus lattimore nd year in a row be strong u c the injury was similar to mcgahee from fiesta bowl .	2
finally got me a lil t mobile phone ! imma get it on friday	1
we ll run it back . but it s sth day here in florham park . on fri we ll be live from metlife at pm .	1
just realized it s nuit blanche the night before the run for the cure . i feel like i m in a stare down . who s gonna win ?	0
i have the most amazing dreams . . . i was at the gym doing lungnsquats ! justin woke me up on my rd set . lmao	1
christian ponder would be proud of that st quarter passing outburst for the vikings	1
even the puppets had id cards at bbc . . .	0
sunday is national ice cream day ! take the capeflyer to get your ice cream fix !	1
it may have gone up but you are still in last place . no joe maddon or david price next is longoria	2
 th tweet dedicated to andy carroll and west ham u c brilliant start to the season u c now continue it with wigan on saturday !	1
seeing a google button on cnn for the st time .	0
today s pod talks about the deal w the patriots amp gives thoughts on nfl amp cfb for thurs night	0
i think this is the motive of the yakub s laywers for pursuing the case	0
y all keep asking me when briana is gonna have the baby like i have no idea the exact date they had sex lol	1
my music is all over the place . i ll listen to everything from chris young to justin bieber to eminem to memphis may fire to lynyrd skynyrd .	0
democrats defeat republicans in congressional baseball game tonight .	0
will he be able to perform on a cold summers day at bolton on sunday ? ? probably . . .	0
i hope you never experience those type of christians . for me in god i am strong enough i can deal with it may be you wouldn t be able to .	0
looking forward to going to celebrity big brother launch night next thursday . hoping for some a list guests and dry weather .	1
 september has arrived which means apple s new iphone is now just hours away from becoming an official thing .	1
when you realize that blackbear s and ed sheeran s concerts are both on the same day . . .and they re on a wednesday	0
win tickets to ed sheeran concert predict tonight s score before game time macgoessheeran . winner announced monday on kmac .	0
i still remember those days when demi was tweeting lyrics from unbroken and now she u s tweeting lyrics from her th album ! im so excited ! 	1
anderson beats murray in the th round usopen excellent game . wellplayed .	1
anyone going to siberia for the hod show on saturday ?	0
riding in the drop top bentley on saturday after the surge meeting !	1
rt nicki minaj pink friday up places to on the official uk top 	1
is it weird that i still remember that josh bradley u s birthday is on the th ? no ?ok .	0
back to fill the void widely left open by both hulk hogan s ousting and roddy piper s death	0
what did donald trump ted cruz john kasich joe biden and marco rubio share this sunday ? a little time in our trip around the inside	0
excited for all of the youth soccer teams today ! ! ! ! go get a kick out of this saturday ! mysl	1
got to get behind curtis and the boys tomorrow but i think we will win !	1
royals rumblings for october . the royals are the future of baseball expensive ws tix and bringbacksungwoo	1
can you make an appearance at sbl in january i mean i know u live in california but i promise not to fall this time	0
oii make martin atkinson referee for cfc vs mufc clash on th . thanks 	1
beat the heat by taking advantage of national ice cream day amp don t forget that fundraising goes until july st .	1
 punchnews boko haram kills seven in borno community the borno state police command on sunday confirmed the k . . .	2
about to go get this lift run and throw in . jr . pro day on monday then it s back to sa to get ready for the season ! ! ! hognation	1
jimmy mcgovern s hillsborough airing again this sunday on itv for anyone that might want to see it .	1
ugh someone just hang out with me tomorrow . all my friends are either always working or still at lsu	2
foo fighters low requested by a fan with a sign aug omfg . . next show ill have a sign saying let it die 	2
jim rogers is also responsible for laying off n .c workers in a state that has the th highest unemployment rate in the u .s	2
so excited for the ducks game tomorrow . openingnight	1
marvel u s phase two kicks off with u iron man u trailer on october rd featured hype movienews	0
new sexy comment about theeuropeandream is available in indianapolis friday sunday !	1
 st match of the night is randy orton vs sheamus . sensible choice considering that sheamus is the money in the bank winner .	1
fair play to kane he managed to control the ball and score against virtually a sunday league keeper . top notch	0
shows on the great white way were cancelled sunday and monday and radio city music hall al	0
not only is home from china u c she u s in la . . .i called her and screamed mandyyyyyyyyyyyyy . . .i u m gonna hug her for hrs tomorrow !	1
john cena will be the champ for the th time	1
danee is going to turn tomorrow . . . .omg i tot she s going to turn ! i tot it ll only took her yrs to properly join sexy luv dance .	0
when are you really landing in nz ? ash said morning ? then you said saturday night ? and then you said mid day tomorrow ? l x	0
so far we ve announced ios and android versions and we focus on them . this may change in the future though .	0
you apparently saw miss america n alex getn wed . isn u t this correct ? ? c u mon psychic ? speak ?	0
c mon curt . . . don t you know that it s only acceptable to talk down about christians gun owners and heterosexual white males ?	2
thanks . any credibility to kane interest with huberdeau as centerpiece ? or shall i just wait until tomorrow ?	0
trying to watch any given sunday on amazon prime and there s big chunks of the film cut out	2
 infosec security sophos releases usb accessory for remote ethernet device on wednesday sophos announced the . . .	0
zaheer khan was injured on the st test u c day of eng u s tour . steve finn is now injured thigh injury on the day of st tour game . hmmm .	2
we have wine wednesday and tgif and monday gets wine cause monday . but what about other days ? i m gonna fix that .	1
making my way through your managing ios and macs nd ed . book . great read really well done ! thanks for doing this keep it up .	1
kevin said the race was like almost like a sunday drive and he still beat alonso and the red bulls lol	1
proud of aishwarya u s french honour big b mumbai u c nov ians megastar amitabh bachchan says he is proud that . . .	1
have you read happiest baby on block ? gave to me . it u s great ! you need it . i u ll bring to u tomorrow if u haven u t	1
tsipras will seek a confidence vote after august when a debt repayment to the european central bank falls due a government official said	0
i only have three books left and i ll go back to milan on the ninth of september they aren t going to last enough	0
the side project of iron maiden bassist steve harris is out on the road ! playing live bristol bierkeller th . . .	1
july th is national ice cream day therefore there is no judgement on the amount of ice cream i consume within the next hours	0
what will see tomorrow ? ? mad face ? ? bitter face ? ? screw you people . . we ve paid to see his happy smile ! !	2
dear mr . trump you should be the st candidate to offer debate spot to carly fiorina or boycott debate if she is left out	1
c mon that s so not witty . women are harassed on the steet by police in iran for not wearing hijab and it s not okay period	2
man ! frank gifford died . i was too young to remember his playing days but he was a gem on monday night football . ripfrankgifford	1
 th anniversary of tony pulis taking charge at stoke . no matter what people say you cannot deny the bloke has done a great job welldonetp	1
could be one of the greatest nights of my life carmelo anthony winked acknowledged me twice and sat rows back at the knicks game ! ca 	1
niall wants to dm me but just hasn t . niall yesterday u said tomorrow so justt do itt dm 	0
should i have an engagement party ? any who . . san francisco this weekend then . . . i officially move to colorado on the th .	0
what a world of difference a leather band makes on apple watch . h t for pointing me in the direction of rd party lugs	1
 dt make sure you find your self at the s .e .c this thursday for thursdays ! ! w college id w reg id til pm ! ! ! iparty	1
ugh right i sat right back down . woulda been so great to beat the red sox with a grand slam . . .	1
seeing videoclips back from the rammstein concert in march . . now i feel sad . 	2
sam i just realized i m seeing sam smith tomorrow i m so in love	1
busy day tomorrow u c staging at bliss instead of sustenio ! ! both very cool places . and my last night in texas . its gonna be great ! 	1
thursday july is national hot dog day monica lewinsky s birthday and my wedding anniversary . so that seems about right .	1
if i wasn t going to owain s tomorrow i would probably spend the whole night crying to myself . .	2
so if briana people mag july as preggers got pregnant that day then mos is april . so just how early did they announce ?	0
 news ready for kanye ? group files paperwork kanye west announced sunday that he s running . . . via	0
after running the mall u c we knew sam was the only thing that could keep the broken mon washington monument	0
good luck tomorrow ! i did it once . big david james and harry redknapp started the race . they wore bomber jackets . . .	1
oomf just made wish i had a half rite about now ! st rd	1
gucci foams st thing in the morning . . .	0
the sharknado is ready for the playoffs . are you ? we re hosting game on thursday beers and moe s tacos ! finsup	0
headed to footloose on sunday in garner ! spots left in theannevan if you wanna tag along northiowaschoolplaytour	0
any females copping the gucci foamposites tomorrow ? if so checkout our passion for fashion tee to match .	0
of course you can always use the fact that today thursday thor s day celebrates another religion thus apostasy .	0
haha ! unlike scotland it s bloody scorching here this morning having my brekkie outside before heading out later !	2
george osborne demagogue the man who gives control of the security of the uk to a foreign power	2
i see you love brady nite . love him more than russell wilson on sunday ? i hate that i keep picking the wrong option !	1
tomorrow s plan climbing with liam . homemade mini pizzas for lunch . hangs with janet amp dani . dinner amp movie with liam . then the following .	0
if you get roasted by kim kardashian about spelling you may as well deactivate all social media accounts	2
tens of thousands of people marched though taipei on saturday to push for the legalisation of same sex marriage . . .	0
gucci host yourself thought february go ahead the set of two your minute sympathy procurement into diplomat support	0
i just worry he could go either way pretty much like kane hoping he has a most important nd season need finished article	0
csnba replaying the grateful faithful about the grateful dead and bob weir being a huge sf er fan happy monday 	1
tom horne was a lying bastard when he said he marched with mlk u c he u s a lying bastard as arizona ag . that u s why i love him . xo jan brewer	0
this the th time someone said i look like janet jackson lol	1
can you play wah wah or bware of darkeness by george harrison tomorrow please 	1
they just called me gotta go pick them gucci foams up tomorrow	0
do you want to see ant man on tues ?	0
i m speaking at the under summit emea . other young entrepreneurs are gathering april in israel .	0
happy for emem eduok who joins up with the super eagles on monday	1
mulcair harper and trudeau still in close race after campaign s st phase . leaders considering time sharing the country .	0
livication is playing next friday night at dipiazza u s ! mark your calendars u c and prepare for your newsfeed u s to be blown up with info !	0
may i hear the sound of democracy ? saudi arabia is about to behead teenage boy for attending a protest aged 	2
i guess i m going to watch anderson silva whop a nigga ass while drinking grey goose tonight	1
google s new project helps you stick your solar panels where the sun shines 	0
congrats on taking out the nearest the pin at the th hole in the younger members xmas twilight	0
it s friday the sun is shining here in newport we have a long weekend ahead and tom brady will be on the field . . .	1
fashion against aids h m released tomorrow online . .i want that aztec print jacket . .so not me but so colourful !	1
monday before i leave singapore u c i am going to post something that might be offensive .	2
 loanwatch ben amos hull city into extra time u c in the st round of the league cup .	0
serena punches her ticket to the finals in straight sets . joins djokovic and federer in tomorrow s cincytennis singles finals . decent trio .	1
i still didn u t watch degrassi from friday ? what am i doing with my life ? apparently not much .	2
hulk hogan uses the n word and is under fire . . . the n s use it every day and it is ok . . . i may use the white word . fuck this country	2
no kevin you are wrong . the law protects her as well . or it should the st amendment has been around a lot longer than gay	0
i know nicki m was commissioned for the bbhmm remix back in june along w kendrick but i have no idea what progress has been made anti	0
barca may have more points but real madrid play the better football	1
so close manningham ! th down andy lee out to punt to the jets . and the jets offense will start at the yard line with to go ers	0
pacers had a very solid th quarter comeback victory . paul george played fantastic in the st quarter but disappeared after that	1
lexus may try again with a luxury coupe eb 	0
v p nominee jaswant likely to meet jayalalithaa on august u some of our leaders are also in touch with trinamool congress chi . . . news	0
remember frank gifford teaming with dandy don meredith and howard cosell or monday night football . that was can t miss tv .	1
post edited siri vs . google voice search may the best robot helper win review siri theidoctor	0
french montana live dc star this saturday labordaywkend s o check it out 	0
iron maiden s new cd features a song about the r crash . no word yet if charley or the th doctor is mentioned . stormwarning	0
q presents dethklok with machine head u c all that remains u c and black dahlia murder ! tuesday u c november th at . . .	0
 . some rotten toothed muslim is calling for death and destruction in israel . or as israel calls it monday .	2
you get it boy ! hey u c thanks for the champagne nummies . . .very much appreicated glad you laurin made it sunday . .thanks poof	1
kendrick lamar black friday a tale of citiez remix lyrics on screen via king kunta the goat	0
did you see that the world famous pub in lechlade from monday made an appearance in the opening ceremonies ?	0
if gerald green doesn t have the most hops in the league then he definitely is a strong nd ! !	1
come out and have some laughs with me u c spartacus u c and max at caroline u s comedy club this wednesday october th ! . . .	1
randy lynch at oscars this friday night with his band black list .	0
smh i u m just waiting on the black ppl to cuss me out tomorrow about denzel lol niggas ! ! !	2
chase fourcade with the yard td run to give a lead over curtis with seconds left in st quarter .	1
an excellent idea . may is a lovely time in the city . chelsea flower show too . and yes costs often better than summer months .	1
many thanks to zac brown for your support of the troops and the vets on monday night football	1
real madrid to make announcement on david de . . .	0
it s big gov t that trying to take christians rights away . cause libs hate the st amp nd amendments . liberals hate freedom !	2
congrats to dj u s rd grade team going to the superbowl ! i u ll be there cheering .	1
hope everyone enjoyed the last sunday w out nfl games til valentine s day . today s office backtofootball	0
live tweeting thursday continues with nirvana s next album nevermind . let s go ! nirvana nevermind livetweetingthursday	1
game today . gainesville tomorrow . labor day on monday . ed sheeran concert on tuesday . holy shit what a fantastic day streak .	1
i was freaking out about being late to work and then i saw a guy spill an entire extra large dunkin iced coffee all over himself monday	2
de la soul were disappointing . lazy amp uninvolving performance that seemed to be made up on the spot . c mon guys . entertainment right ? fib	2
it just points out the calls that israel is on palestinian land is garbage judea was there st	2
thank you . suzanne moore is debating mehdi hasan on this on today at am tomorrow so hopefully he ll have to listen . . .	1
i ve got aldo winning by tko in the rd round but if it goes to the judges mcgregor wins cause you know he s dana white s golden boy ufc 	1
looks like im gonna be watching kevin hart laugh at my pain for like the th time lol sobored	0
science behind the movie dinosaur dna extraction in jurassic world may be more fiction than fact . biomedicalodyssey	0
i cant sleep im too worried about ashton and i have school tomorrow but fuck school i care more about the person who really saved me	2
 men tomorrow you will have one of your hardest patrols . . .cif turn in lets hope i have everything	2
happy sunday . may your day be filled with delicious coffee . vsco vscocam vscogrid venice beach	1
i really sat through and watched bad blood music video becos i found out my gf was in it .	1
why muslims always fighting with muslims . . . .shameful history of muslims . . . .except prophet time to khlifah	2
i can t wait to speak at msapc event tomorrow then fly to nyc for the weekend amp then inbound !	1
lame . i thought they were going to put them on a card with rousey and house it at att stadium .	0
strong nd set by dons evens it at vs byu . let s finish this one out here at the hilltop ! godons aimhigher .	0
the congrats one ? thanks btw . we race at lvms in sept and nov . not sure if i ll do the september one though	1
the new york times reported tuesday that sony executives seemingly softened concussion to placate the nfl	0
can t believe all the negative response to rousey article . fight needs to happen . she d drop him in st round !	0
two years ago today we were off to italy ! ! the only reason i remember is because it s prince george s nd birthday !	1
it is tomorrow . european ps players will get it the th everyone else gets it tomorrow .	0
 imagine how short church would be if busta rhymes was the preacher . . . . wish he did ash wed	0
seth rollins on monday night raw in san jose california august at the sap center	0
 casecrown omni cover case black carbon fiber for ipad th generation with retina display ipad ipad . . .	0
thank you gucci ! we on tomorrow and all weekend !	1
lol . so haryana has a day off tomorrow because it u s haryana day .	1
the jennifer lawrence naked photo response is the end of the shamed starlet feminism	2
the closing ceremony of the london summer olympics was held on august . the ceremony included a . . .	0
hopefully my newlook ps will be here tomorrow with until dawn d	1
or you know some version of it . in th grade i was writing a novel called prisoners of radio city and didn t exist yet !	2
david duval who needed to birdie the th last night just to get qualify for the weekend is now only two shots behind dustin johnson .	1
this shows how muslims conquered damascus in the time of nd caliph umer this needs to be repeated .	0
the last years serving jesus at karm on friday nights has taught me more about the message of the gospel than i learned in the years b 	1
is that live or the nd half of the orange bowl ? daboswinneyproblems mt a late arriving crowd .	0
home from mysa conference . glad it went good after all the hustle and bustle . haha i missed work and tomorrow i m doomed ! p	1
one of the pitchers the tigers got in david price deal .	0
support we u re excited that stan walker advocates are running for the kids the sun herald city surf soon ! . . .	1
may get to see you at digi fest ! ! super hyped 	1
awesome final dress ! so excited for moby dick the musical opening tomorrow at the dl parsons theatre in northglenn ! ifyoulovemeyouwillcome	1
daily mailcelebrity big brother s emma willis is casual ahead of uk vs usa cbb launchdaily mailand just a month after the th series . . .	1
just tryna figure out if the whole bye felicia thing came from that and ice cube decided it would be good in friday	0
hey conservatives and scott walker supporters while you re enjoying this labor day weekend and have tomorrow off . . .	0
free iced coffee monday at dunkin and pumpkin spice is back . . . this basic girl is so excited that i just got a coffee at pm	1
i m going to paramore at rock im park in nuremburg germany jun 	0
just seen that four lions is on c on sunday night for anyone who hasn t seen it yet . so proud of my big brother the associate producer 	1
milton on bolton wanderers v leeds united sat nav free night . how milton manages to write so much about su . . .	0
will be coming back from orlando stadium on sunday . so might just catch second half at home . but cfc fans watch at keg filly .	0
ppl who ve just got into kpop recently may not be aware of st generation idols like h .o .t n shinhwa but they will eventually . i did .	0
hey just thought i d remind you it s deezer s birthday tomorrow ! also you have any idea what he looks like ?	1
i may or may not have gone all the way to hot springs just for this . . noshamenogame ilovefood	1
 f game will also be out tomorrow on ps pc . it s looking beautiful ! check the shine on that mclaren !	1
is amazon prime day really the new black friday ? our insight team take a look 	0
tf u c maybe some day z u c and some diablo iii nd playthru perhaps . . .and you ?	0
this friday night at the warehouse dowtown shreveport pm . irene and the sleepers super water sympathy and cowboy mouth ! ! be there ! rt !	1
don t forget our beauty editor laura will be at westfield parramatta at . pm today sat with plenty of great tips ! come amp meet her . bwob	1
brewers offense continues to struggle . ryan braun accounts for only run with a st inning hr . it s a final from miller park . cubs mil .	0
not really though . diet u s harder to find . last year u c it was out til mid nov . then gone when xmas got here . gotta be ready .	0
in th year when nowt was more important than nirvana i wrote a bit about why kurt cobain didn t kill himself lol	0
so i get to go see the magic mike xxl live show this friday . . i m in heaven	1
make sure that you u re decked out in your red u c white u c and blue tomorrow for america day ! let u s make this homecoming week great . merica	1
doubt game be on saturday tbh ducks is one of the goal mouths	0
don u t be surprised if we end up waiting until november th to find out who the next potus is . . . ohioprovisionalballot	2
n .a .n .m .k . pretty katy perry images . you may want to check 	0
i am hoping we will rise up again . and make tomorrow a better day ! hercules for president !	1
time to man up we the people want to hear from carly fiorina . don t kowtow to cnn . if it s broke fix it	0
a federal judge has ordered a defiant kentucky clerk to jail on thursday after she defied the u .s . supreme court s gay marriage ruling by	0
my bernie sanders buttons haven t come in the mail yet and i m super stressed because i m moving on sunday .	0
boehner sent a letter ? tweeted yesterday about one from cantor .	0
have trina call me when you get there u c i u m tryna go by there tomorrow	0
hello soggy monday . coffee with fleetwood mac greatest hits well why not ? mondaymorning	1
how long b the town houses on th ave . nd mlk get power back on ? ?	0
niggas is goin die on december th when them foams come out . . lol rs . . niggas goin rob you be like da shoes or ya life nigga lol	2
nice touch by to run the music from friday night lights during their tribute to frank gifford . rip	1
haha we totally should ! ! ! my mom just asked me if i wanted to leave thurs and stay in nyc until sat then go to italy and idk ?	1
im not gonna cry tomorrow i will try not to cry tomorrow bc zayn s happy now and if he s happy then im happy	1
yaaayy ! ! d rt kung fu panda in d d both with indonesian subtitles tentatively scheduled to open on tues august	1
niall loves you very much and you can see how much he loves you . dont think that ! every time you him he may see it 	1
im terrified of needles and hiv and sex can give hiv and condoms may protect from it	2
injures borderland u ctaking him out of the ppv .who will replace him in the elimination chamber match ? watch asylum this sunday	0
reagan gone need me tomorrow she gone want some if my candy but ima tell her noo	2
they accuse you of playing politics because you want to look tough because george osborne has stolen a march on . . .	2
im getting the carter iv when it comes out august 	0
david bowie has a new song out about a real star that may be surrounded by an alien structure	0
while im at it kembreys bernie is abseiling off jurys inn on sunday for call in to the office to hear all about it ! ft !	0
george osborne sat in the house of commons laughing during talks about the refugee crisis . people actually voted for this ? ugly	0
in the sports world kenseth avoids car pileup to win at dega daytona winner matt kenseth won sunday at . . .	0
tomorrow is the last day on bo beta noooo give one more day on ps x and pc pleaseeeee ! ! ! ! i dont wanna go to aw ! ! !	0
see the legendary paul mccartney live at air canada centre on oct ! on sale friday at am . outthere	1
watching red tails . . . for the st time	0
bentley to tyler starkey on the sideline st down .	1
definitely possible ! i do it all the time with game of thrones . i may even like the series better hides !	1
west liberty goes for it on th goal with seconds remaining in the half . isaiah moody runs yards in . fsu leads at the half .	0
i had no clue the tca were on tonight . so to guess who wins twilight and justin bieber win everything . it happens every year .	0
every episode of friends is coming to netflix on january st damn i want netflix heere tooo	1
from there the course of action was clear ! why he d march right up to them and . . .be silent since twilight insisted on 	0
i want to watch paper towns on monday pretty please someone	1
paul mccartney spotted going out with nancy sept via john fernandini	0
iran may want to wipe israel off the map amp isis may think palestine will be the jews graveyard but god has a much different point of view !	0
great what a cutie and it was nice to see your face on there omg madonna coming back on stage st time i am on the internet	1
stop that my dude . . . dook football u c even the sun shines on a dog u s a some days . unc 	2
 swachh bharat appeared on sunday at the th place in the top of pune s trends trndnl	0
daylight saving time ends this weekend . set your clocks back hour before you go to bed on saturday night to get an extra hour of sleep !	1
it u s confirmed that you can listen to the deluxe version of tmh on itunes pm gmt on nov th u c monday .	1
 st impression of kanye west music creative great bass beats but it was better when others sang on his songs . nice beats though .	1
i u m going to cowboy junkies at barbican centre in london u c united kingdom jan 	0
at you ll see they re also doing a david bowie night at los globos january . my band is called gene g . nee . join !	1
who s ready for jason aldean tomorrow at klipsch music center ? ! follow us like amp tag friends along with . . .	1
oh shit ray lewis may be able to come back . hopefully young cause if you ask me ravens would have won the superbpwl if it wasn u t for cundiff	1
i have a theory . niall will be st to tweet . louis liam amp nothing from harry . once the hiatus starts . idk .	0
i bought myself a ticket for zac brown band in philly august . super excited ! ! i m next to the pit right up front .	1
i called it ronda vs holly dana white and ronda have said yes there will be indeed be a nd fight ! so there you go mma fans ! yay ! ! !	1
i promise when i get back from charleston sunday i promise you we will do something monday	1
s o to my best friend j norm dedicating juicy by biggie smalls to my st in the club . that s a fine end to the night !	1
we have four premium seats for the zac brown band for this friday night at fenway park . these are . . .	1
 lrt i had a th grader belting out david bowie songs on the surf club trip . 	0
wrong tactic she was elected gay marriage was illegal when she took office it may not be in her job description .	0
exactly . no difference between the koran isis uses or the koran the peaceful muslims we may think we know at work school . . .	2
 rd day of eid still can t find a place to park my car . . celebrations every where !	0
just saturday now the lead is close . mtvhottest katy perry	0
i liked a video john cena attacks dolph ziggler after his match with randy orton smackdown nov . 	1
yes magic mike xxl is a feminist movie but the reason may surprise you	1
my mom just texted me reminding me that grammys birthdays tomorrow . . how could i ever forget ? biggestdayoftheyear	1
of course nigeria blames the u .s . for not being able to fight boko haram . rd world countries don t want to progress . just depend on others .	2
smith sacked by jpp on rd and . loss of and andy lee is out there for the first time .	0
omg same i was reading it in school after pssas and i just sat there crying	2
every thursday night game the better qb has had huge games ryan rodgers luck manning . brady should have a nice night tonight !	1
national margarita day please tell me this is bullshit prove it for yourself ash wednesday lent flamengo x vasco	2
eid holidays are about to complete and usual routine to begin from wednesday ! had great time meeting w relatives amp friends . stay blessed .	1
i m sure you ve heard that jay lethal wants to cross brands and wrestle seth rollins . that belongs on monday s raw and would be huge .	0
i can t believe it s been years since i lost my big brother . today is his birthday and tomorrow is mine . when . . .	2
i wish sunday oliseh and the super eagles players the very best in today s encounter . naijafootball	1
i used to go to the brewpub on dec th and fill up a couple growlers of thor s	0
 photos of oct rock on dandiya nite at sangam university bhilwara just beat it grab it in picasa web	0
yakub case justice dave refuses to stay the death warrant for july justice kurian says capital punishment will not be executed . pti	0
i m looking in the back of the posters . they re making a rd rounds with dean ambrose ? gtfo ! ! ! raw	0
was at the zac brown band concert in philly on saturday . saw a lot of jailbait and immediately thought of you . it was weird .	0
a few speculating that the had heat power issues th gen resolves this . but i have heard nothing around these probs on ipad 	2
i just realized i m seeing ac dc tomorrow . holy shit i ve waited nearly a year for this !	1
seeing you tomorrow night in houston . would love to hear you sing landslide by fleetwood mac . fanrequest	1
who watched the miss teen usa pageant this past saturday ? tell us your favorite moments . did you think logan west would win the whole time ?	0
don t waste on an unnecessary textbook when you could spend that money to see jurassic world for an th time	1
the boys apart of harry actually talked to us about the hiatus when zayn gave a subtle interview to the sun then left twitter for two weeks	0
it s real madrid the transfer will go through tomorrow 	0
remember when kendrick lamar was at the del mar fair	0
whatever thoughts and feelings watchman is giving you come along on july th to chat all things mockingbird ! it ll be a lively discussion !	1
got an am tomorrow solid . i m done at tomorrow though so it s gucci	0
and people still doubt absolutely comical . he may not be ronaldo and messi but he s our best player by a mile	1
ahead of the crunch match with rotherham tomorrow check out my latest leeds united blog here	1
getting up at am monday thru friday just might be worse than kanye west last night at the vmas	2
yoga with kids ! all welcome fun beginner yoga class mooroolbark tomorrow morning am 	1
come on tempted to make my way across to flushing meadows on wednesday if murray comes back to win here ! usopen	1
super eagles head coach sunday oliseh has made some adjustments to the group of home based professionals as . . .	0
someone go by every single season of naruto for me i ll love you forever	1
to ensure there is no mob at yakub s funeral is declaring on national television the two most likely places where it may happen .	0
got letters today ! one from wake forest university and the other from boise state 	1
pretty good thursday night with if only rivers would stop sucking so bad ! qualcomm stadium	1
football update pm scrimmage game v jcm tuesday night at usj . rumor has it that chuck norris and hulk hogan will fight at halftime .	1
tsipras if some don t believe there was no alternative amp want discussion on their alternative now then party should vote on sunday greece	0
it better be wednesday today . got my slurpee and all i want to do is relax watching big brother .	1
i may or may not see john cena tonight	0
gucci inexpressibles pneuma probability october open the team thine exclusive invasive procurement versus gown . . .	0
will you be in myanmar on saturday ? i work with tom at spark pr in bkk . we have an event on saturday in yangon with visa	0
don t forgot ! national hot dog day this thursday ! we will be cooking out hot dogs by the pool at pm	1
 at school tomorrow friend did you see what niall tweeted ca me friend nvm	0
our last saturday night thor the movie tonite ironing basket pakaian . . hadooohhh . . .maid maid maid . . . .	0
we ll see you this saturday for hollywood u ! u cover band playing at sagebrush with no cover ! get here early ! . . .	1
great double bill on saturday for tjff ! win tix to check out the jean dujardin comedy from	1
we have our t mobile advantage program you may qualify for ! check it out and see if you re eligible to get in on it . . . 	1
october th is gonna be a busy day for me rick riordan s magnus chase book is released as is the illustrated harry potter book .	1
super eagles skipper and lille goalkeeper vincent enyeama celebrated his rd birthday on saturday with his . . .	0
get ready for jouvert on the road in miami on sat oct th central broward regional park hosted by miami broward one host carnival	1
i had a dream i met david beckham at the airport and we were both on the same flight so he got me into st class . step it up real life .	1
and the filets ! ! st copper river salmon of the season !	0
hey do you know if shawn is going to be opening up for taylor on saturday ? ?	0
gotta love being catholic u c sitting in a lutheran church on reformation sunday . i guess the catholics pushed it with the whole pay for sin	1
never been more proud of my non gaming girlfriend than when she beat the asylum demon on dark souls on her nd attempt !	1
as much as i u d like to finish red tails u c i gotta hit the rack . tomorrow u s my boss u last day at work after . . .	0
mark your calendar ! september th from am to am if you live near prince george s community college and . . .	0
andre berto gets the call for floyd mayweather s final fight . sept . start booking hotel rooms now !	0
we re howling with our new friends at swaders sports park in prince george for their th birthday celebration ! . . .	1
call from john hello i d like to look at your computer over the phone me ok may i ask why your calling about my . . 	2
obviously u c i am not a fan of dream high and i haven u t even watched it ! well u c i watched the st ep u cthat u s where i heard that song ! 	2
holly holm s boxing may give her the ability to out point rousey on the feet but what s her take down defence like ?	0
i think my mom might buy me the box set bc i u ve been bugging her about msg and i told her i u d give her if she got it before november 	0
back in the loo today ! we are christians that are students . not students that are christian . may this be a blessed year of ministry . go lord	1
better be with kendrick lamar	1
as usual no . you can skype with me this saturday kot . still in milan bro .	0
wife amazon prime day beat black friday . me that s so racist wife . . .	0
nbc writer has lorenzo brown as th best pg in the nation . ryan harrow comes in at no . 	0
giving blood tomorrow going to tok	0
fantastic . best book my taxi from there to lechlade now haha ! going to be a great week ! you about after work next tuesday ?	1
for those in ohio who care u c buckeyes would be th in the bcs right now . . . behind loss lsu	0
oh . . i m sorry matt adams took madbum deep in the th to make it cards ? please tell me again he s better than kershaw . dafuckouttahere	2
not gonna lie i may or may not blare justin bieber in the jeep	0
my daughter was so looking forward to seeing you at wembley in sunday . she s cried since finding out . get well soon ashton xxx	1
couldn u t tell you the last time i threw a dart . mon rudd we u ll even let you pay for the drink . rotterdam	2
psn tuesday assassin u s creed u c okami hd you can buy all the assassin u s creed you can handle on psn tod . . . ! 	0
amazon prime day is to black friday as a root canal is to christmas day . the hype didn t live up to the delivery .	2
when david cameron wanted military action on syria he may have been supporting is as he was against assad	2
it may be heading this way thanks to erdogan s monumental mistakes	2
that was absolutely the most amazing episode of monday night raw minneapolis all hail brock lesnar ! ! ! brockhomecoming	1
wku holding mtsu on first downs for no gain . . . rd and goal from the now	0
if you phone in sick on monday you really must remember by wednesday not to post pictures of yourself in dunkin donuts workfail	0
the vamps look you are in the sun paper happyvampers	0
 newsupdate showing off the real jamaica through bob marley shooting author uses bob mar . . . bbc news bbcupdat	0
if you missed ben sollee in studio avl check out his interview online tomorrow at again ben . . .	0
with him and kendrick ? no only black friday 	0
no vaseline by ice cube may be the greatest diss i ve ever heard straightouttacompton	1
just been informed my police hat from saturday has made a home in chalmers and no doubt has made a home with some skank sob	2
if kurt cobain knew his music would be being played in an applebee s at pm on a sunday he d roll over in his grave	0
abbey dawn new york fashion week show september with 	0
captain dubs ! david wright gives the mets back the lead with an rbi single to make it mets in the th inning	1
on august madonna s take a bow spent its th and final week on the billboard adult contemporary . . .	1
anyone of you fancy joining me at arsenal v stoke on sat ? i have spare ticket sat next to me pm kick off	1
well u c on the bright side u c you may end up with the dmk iii with a discount .	1
right ? ! that man is a u .s . senator who sounds likes the most annoying kid in th grade home room .	2
tomorrow is the next fec filing deadline for candidates . i am keeping my excitement in check .	1
the reason why i m telling you hmv is kasi may special editions yan and shit 	1
scott walker too chicken to take a position on the th amendment . goggleeyedhomonculus	2
us football down at chardon tonight after st q	0
tomm and sunday most likely . not sure when i u m going back . no power in nj	2
wednesday twilight of the idols see more posts by sabbath school lesson what was one of the great sins that . . .	0
arsenal transfer news gunners ready to sign simone zaza in january with juventus open to sale . . . arsenal lo . . .	1
our first free yoga class at ellewell is this tuesday at pm with the lovely julie reynolds . register online . . .	0
wonder if zlatan will be a united player come tuesday night think he may be the only realistic option of a big name signing .	1
blog post vice president joe biden to present the top ten list on cbs u s late show with david letterman u c thursday u c . . .	0
naruto sat back down behind his desk and waited for the two of them to arrive .	0
papa was a rolling stone . it was rd of september a day i ll always remember . . . . . . . . . . ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !	1
may even join you at joseph wright	0
de gea is trapped right now . if real madrid dont come back in january his only option is to renew with united .	0
super eagles coach sunday oliseh has said he expects some surprises tomorrow from the taifa stars of tanzania . . .	0
not gonna lie kinda excited for gfmodelsearch this sat at westfield parramatta . looking to be a killer day ! ! ! ! ! !	1
dana white is eyeing july th for the rematch between ronda rousey amp holly holm	0
when you claim to see the sun light but it turns out to be a flashlight . just bc zayn left doesn t mean they ll break up . ohnothesun	0
they were motiveless attacks . nowt to do with islam .	2
acha hua yeh eid bhi tanha guzar gai . . . . ! ! . . . galay se lag k rotay agr woh aa jaatay . . . . . ! ! rd and the last day of eid .	0
 bjpblackmoneydhokha chowkidar modi is sun cahoots with black money hoarders	2
ladies . . .don t forget you drink free every thursday night at cowboys pm pm . stuart has dj cuba from pm close .	1
note to the women who blocked me when i said hillary was boring and bernie would be soaring . you may follow me again . oops i blocked you .	0
we need to think about cyber security and space ? c u mon obama u c capt . picard has at least one of those on lock . debate	0
all you need to know about udinese inter milan inter beat udinese on saturday night to move up to . . .	0
mansbridge destroyed justin tonite the polls for the lib s should tank tomorrow ! wake up people he is not ready ! !	0
you know you u re in sf when u c on a thurs night at pm u c there are people lined up around the block to see reid hoffman .	0
keep focus on harper amp all these good things will be added unto you may the best man who wins the heart of canadians	1
the th chapter talks about malcolm x and i think martin luther king u c .he kinda contrasts them	0
bing one ups knowledge graph hires encyclopaedia britannica to supply results it may have retired from the cut throat world of pr . . .	0
jeb bush probably knows and he d probably get us into a rd iraq invasion . knows lots of little facts learns nothing .	2
barca want midfielder forward in january	0
appy wednesday ! sleep better with twilight .	1
well the verdict comes tomorrow whether or not knaus will be jimmie s crew chief or not for the next six races . fingerscrossed . .	0
people expect us to land a tom brady in the th with td at the helm . not gonna happen .	0
i hope when i have a son he s as cute as prince george . happy nd birthday you cutie !	1
guess what im working in the day on th meaning you can come over so we can be excited aaaaand we can go see inbetweeners !	1
david wright going yard in his first at bat since april lgm	0
if you missed it u c secret rebel base celebrate may th by celebrating ralph mcquarrie starwars may thbewithyou	1
the icc s dilemma in uhuru ruto cases last week uhuru kenyatta made history . on tuesday he . . . kenyanicccases	0
good afternoon ian wishing you a good day and a fun filled weekend at paleyfest tomorrow	1
if you google fresh prince costume i u m the rd picture !	0
thor has learned the duck face first avenue amp th st entry	0
come support ballard field hockey in the semi finals tomorrow at at bellarmine ! bruinfam studentsection loudandproud	1
thanks to i just may be switching over to	2
 account using your blackberry device u c u may want to follow for updates and additional support from rim .	0
big day out on nov gallery hopping talks guided tours more . my list of must see galleries events	1
you may be cool but you ll never be eric church has a cup holder on his mic stand cool	1
don u t know why i u m just now realizing that ffffest is tomorrow . someone besides get on stage and dutty wine with santigold for me .	0
part of the dluxe team are off to milan tomorrow ! feel free to throw out recommendations to us for things to do milan thingstodoinmilan	1
mascotfight we re playing derby s home town hoe down at the vic on august th ! glad the vic s back . best soun . . . 	1
federal reserve stands firm on bond buying program the federal reserve said on wednesday that it is standing firm . . .	0
belated eid mubarak to all . may next eid bring about the end of tyrants of our planets . ameen .	1
mama jan hes been there since common denominator u c she can u t leave . a little peiece of kidrauhl will be gone 	2
vandals in oakland same as the night before in sf with afghans grown in .	2
netnewsledger last friday night katy perry cover show encore performance friday september at the foundry . . .	0
catch a jurassic double bill on sun th with jurassic park and jurassic world !	1
frank gifford dies . may the man rest in peace . an all time great player and broadcaster no question	0
i suppose if you were buying a ps you can wait due to the lack of st party stuff . xbox on the other hand oh boy !	0
trump on carly fiorina attacking him i can t say anything cause she s a woman . yes this is now how i m spending my friday night . 	0
samsung unveils the galaxy note and galaxy s edge on thursday august samsung officially u . . . jailbreak	1
this is just like watching a europa league game . bonus points for putting it on thursday night as well	0
aww kina grannis sang mr . sun for all the filipinos who suffered from floods ! 	1
messi and ronaldo both go up a rating in fut with messi a and ronaldo suarez is a as rd best player in the game .	1
was at barnet for edgar davids u debut on friday then fa cup yesterday . blog very nice u c thanks . you had much feedback on the first ?	1
january th then we can have a cool shared birthday with david bowie	1
i may need to fact check but i m pretty sure that kendrick is only the nd rapper to have his st albums nominated for aoty .	1
sharknado april must live . she just had a baby .	0
even though i already know how it ends . . . im watching the cmas tomorrow just to see blake drunk	0
north has a half day thursday u c einstein doesn u t . anyone wanna go see ms .kable with me ?	0
jared gaither shareece wright full for the nd straight day . eddie royal hamstring and jonas mouton limited . practiceupdate chargers	0
 u now behold the lamb u c the precious lamb of god u c born in sin that i may live again u c the precious lamb of god u 	0
christmas in september ! apple s keynote on the upcoming iphone is today at am pacific !	1
gay marriage never existed before the last years . the left acts like the people and states should no say in a th amend issue	0
my english teacher has very long thick hair and i hope he puts it up in leias buns for star wars day at school tomorrow	1
and as it stands the amateur paul dunne will be going out last tomorrow with jason day ! what a moment for him ! openchampionship	1
dj derrty d sports caitlyn jenner may be charged with manslaughter in february crash	0
sheamus was the st wwe champion from neither us nor canada .conor mcgregor is st ufc champion from uk or ireland . irish men are tough .	0
i may be in the minority but i never could get into frank ocean s music !	0
ok i started to watch teen wolf on april and then said i didnt know if i was gonna watch the rest and now look at me	1
the randy orton vs seth rollins match being nothing special even before the cash in attempt dq raw	2
hajj stampede beyond human control saudi arabia s most senior cleric the grand mufti says thursday s stam . .	0
what u s the difference in a vow and a promise tcot	0
reid hoffman u c oflinkedin says start where you are . says google was in beta form for st yrs while they progressed . don u t wait . start now ! !	1
we re reviewing paper towns on saturday . i know you re not on the show just sayin 	0
is it ok to be looking forward to the extra hour of sleep this far out daylight saving time sunday november 	0
preview suite on amazon and check out the album tomorrow ! urbanartsent smrecords doingjusticeishine	1
hope it s released on valentine s day . february right ?	1
 accused olivia colman joe dempsie jimmy mcgovern always comes out with gold pity i missed the st episode	2
next meeting tuesday nov th at pm at the creative alliance . see you all there ! !	1
i m just really excited for my comedy filled day tomorrow . . . amy schumer live and john mulaney on netflix ? ! thank you america .	1
i had made a purchase of moto g rd gen and was eligible for moto re amp cashback .where can i check the list of winners ?	0
my little sister is trying to convince me to go to ihop tomorrow with her for those dollar pancakes	1
check out the one for silent house at the london tombs tomorrow night too !	0
i was part of minute w show on muslims europe and the refugee crisis . on npr on sunday	0
ah really ? thankyou not yet maybe bcs long holiday for eid . . may i know the tracking number for the polaroid ? 	1
if i celebrate it wrong will thor beat me with his hammer ?	0
ucla football may move brett hundley out of the pocket more to reduce sacks	0
white day . . . one month after the valentine day u c march th . . . it u s a romantic day ! xd	1
toronto blue jays vs the texas rangers . david price starting pitcher for the jays on his th birthday . gojaysgo	1
oh shit ray lewis may be able to come back . hopefully young cause if you ask me ravens would have won the superbpwl if it wasn u t for cundiff	1
ted is playing tonight and sunday night show time is approximately with the gates opening at . come out and try our hot dogs	1
wonder who the st person to bring a john sign to a ball game was ? ! ? i u d like to kiss his or heer u s face . . . and i u m not gay .	1
c mon if anybody needs your harsh advice it would be your friend jeb bush ! does a heck of a lot better	2
just tucked in niall ! ! says he wants to go golfing and then train those chicken legs tomorrow . big day ahead of him .	1
marquis of vaudeville will be performing some of your fav david bowie gems mingled with our own musical mischief !	1
as of tomorrow htc are a month late or a year in updating my thunderbolt to ics . and phones with jellybean are available .	0
realising that its th sept today amp apple will be announcing the new iphone at appleevent today made my day ! ! cantwait excited	1
david beckham gives to shocked family on tv david beckham just scored a really big assist . in tuesday s . . .	1
justin will be on ellen on the th of sept . he s not going to be on the premiere week according to ellens site 	1
a federal judge in new york has vacated tom brady s four game suspension . brady is understandably pleased but it may be a good idea to	0
eldora speedway new weston oh saturday june th who is coming to get the ? lee cooper max blair . . .	1
yeah buddy voice can t wait to vote tomorrow go to the awards meet the cast of my super psycho sweet !	1
considering expectations going into the yr the mishandling of th qtr vs unc someone should turn the hot water on in tob u s beach house .	0
real ones are avail about a month or so b mardi gras day b ash wed 	0
ice cube told us what he wants you to get from straightouttacompton in theaters august th .	0
my mom has intel that caitlyn jenner goes to the starbucks down the road every morning . my brother is pleading to go tomorrow . that s my day	1
the stones on a thursday morning make adie happy . keith richards u stash would make me happier .	1
trey anastasio is a fantastic guitar player fuckin blessed to have seen him for nights with the grateful dead in sf in june man	1
for those not at cedar point on the th be at hallowfreakend american legion grandriver ave farmington hills x 	0
for those wondering about the amiibo giveaway it was awarded but not yet claimed . new draw tomorrow if google user doesn t claim .	0
 power is cancelled tomorrow due to lack of hustle . . . .deal with it sandy heavyweights	2
still the st canadian club to make it to the mls playoffs . . . nothing can change that history positive vancouver is a beautiful city ! ! !	1
december lady gaga and taylor kinney visited the restaurant sadelle s in new york city . lady gaga	0
things i want to do live in toronto to work u c go to school u c and pursue acting u c and go to second city .and go out to banff to work in january !	1
by jeff mason washington aug reuters backers of vice president joe biden are reaching out to donors and activists in the gay and	0
best play by play man monday night football ever had back when you couldn t wait for mnf to be on ! frank gifford rip	1
salt amp pepper are great spices one makes you thirsty ! by the grace of god may we as christians be sweet amp salty god ! !	1
auburn spent their entire practice today inside the new indoor facility .	0
happiness cause amazon just notified me that my bluray version of gotham will be here tomorrow !	1
its better you come tan at hollywood tans in jbr instead of burning in this mad sun . . .call us on 	0
we can make the th iphone interactive robots and grow brains but yet mcdonalds can never keep their ice cream machine working .	2
out october on amazon us amp uk . thanks for the heads up mockingjaypart 	1
sat down to watch michael jackson this is it on dvd xx	0
i had planned to u c but my school finals are on the same day as cheer finals monday . so i u m going to nca !	0
but iran itself is discriminating against afghan refugees so much that it is to the point of racism .	2
sun going down over lough erne beautiful .	1
 summerslam titlefortitle seth rollins suit may be white and gold or is it blue and black . get it ?	0
i want gatekeeper to dj every event i go to . from here on out th street entry for teengirl fantasy w 	0
the ladykillers is to play the theatre royal in glasgow after a critically acclaimed run in the west end . it will open on nov .	0
obama s agenda was destroy american exceptionalism amp kerry is just dumb . what language does iran speak ? we may need learn it tcot ccot	2
beautiful sunday l let s practice yoga ! new sunday class alert ! . am starting today with the gorgeous anina . . .	1
be honest if ventura had thrown st pitch like thor you all would be blasting him instead drooling on yourself ? royals	2
i m going to troye sivan at alcatraz in milan italy may 	0
i want to hear the leak of blood moon already but ima wait till i buy the cd tomorrow .	0
i may have been watching old episodes on netflix as we endure the never ending wait for it to be released !	2
calgary tomorrow for the first meet of the season ! can u t wait to get some early racing done altitude paceit	1
gucci inexpressibles ego acceptation may embody the twosome yours meaningful open door junta so elenchus extan . . .	0
 raw this sunday brock lesnar will remember undertaker the same way wwe remembers hulk hogan	0
look fighting triceracop and hackerman and the armed vikings is one thing but that s thor and a t rex . surrender may be the best option	0
milan s expo is well and truly over and it seems public transport strikes are well and truly back . one coming up on wednesday december .	0
i m struggling to understand the womensday tag because iwd is th march . i guess there s no point asking you to make me a sammich ? runs	2
let one more parliament day go waste but should corner rahul gandhi on thursday rahulinsultsdalit	2
anyone wanna go to a free concert saturday in georgia with me ?	0
catelynn and tyler from teen mom are apparently going to be at bethany tomorrow ! looks like i m going snooping . . . dreamcometrue highhopes	1
biden says family will decide whether he runs for president vice president joe biden said thursday night he . . .	1
 hongkong golf johnson rose to light up hong kong open hong kong july dustin johnson will make his hong . . .	0
this vote for gameday bit is preposterous lol . texas a m and nc state have u c votes u c nebraska is rd with just u c . . . . mn has . . .	0
perception is th of reality . because we perceive meek as not good enough for nicki . his support looks like he is star struck	2
police to recommend caitlyn jenner face manslaughter charges for car crash . it s about bloody time .	0
chuck norris cut off his left nut and donated it to science . you may know it as jupiter .	0
sci article tries to make prehistoric animal s size relatable by calling it as big as tom cruise . that didn t help .	2
good morning killa ! who s your pick for the georgia boise state game this saturday ?	0
hey donny ! ! ! see you sunday for the race ! ! !	1
visited the harry potter studios in watford on friday and bumped into a business contact from small world or was it magic ? !	1
dustin johnson leading the pgachampionship . . .until the rd round of course when he naturally falls apart .	0
hey nevada tweeps remember tomorrow is the last day for early voting ! ready u c set vote ! justdoit !	0
as nirvana plays at the bar says omg i love creed ! . . . . . . . . . .yes may i have a bag of breadsticks togo pls ? ? ? ?	0
well . . .i wanted to go to the black forest tomorrow and take pics of the leaves . now i u ll have to take pics of the snow . thanksweather	2
u supported yakub . have guts to show solidarity with gurdaspurattack victims ? remember cockroach from wednesday ?	2
i might have a pair of janet jackson tickets to giveaway friday morning on the river . fm . i ll update you . . .	1
i m just wondering what will happen with seth rollins and john cena at monday night raw	0
wish you were at midway i would have bought you a beer safe travels eddie .on way to detroit for ac dc tomorrow night ! m 	1
i was like shy glizzy bouta be up at dc star saturday and he said nigga no im not	2
i wish i could meet you for my birthday . . march th before st . patty s day heehee . i got your birthday on my calendar 	1
can u t wait for to hit up az on sunday ! let the debauchery begin !	1
of the milton keynes setlists the foo fighters played this past weekend the saturday was definitely the better one . glad i was there	1
i might go to pierce the veil at northern lights sold out in albany u c ny oct 	0
mariah carey enjoys pizza italy via i am not fat shaming u if marie lost lbs u may with her diet	1
i hope everyone had a great christmas ! jason tyler will be at the deland s airport restaurant and gin mill december th !	1
 vip tickets to machine gun kelly on december th ! anyone want to go ?	0
duchess of cambridge reveals prince george thinks he is three prince george may have just turned two but his . . .	0
friday feb th valentine s day amp full moon on the same day .traditionally know . . . 	1
wish you happy holi march puthumugangal thevai . . . information about science technology course . . . asematy	1
s o to one of my clients for the season ticks ! saturday we are live in lexington levels	0
or something that ends in a lmfao time to dream about jr ! i u m gonna run in the street tomorrow	0
i think sharknado may have jumped the shark and gone too far down the make a bad movie road . the second half is just awful in a bad way .	2
joe biden may just be the answer to stoping the family entitlement in u .s . politics if martin o malley doesn t succeed . run joe run !	1
 oshodi oliseh to pick five more home based players super eagles coach sunday oliseh has announced he will sele . . .	0
plies at center stage next friday lol you better go get yo man !	1
see ya tomorrow night ms jackson . my first show from the amazingly sweet and talented janet jackson	1
worth noting that jays loss tonight could have been a david price start but he was moved to friday to face a better opponent ?	0
fleetwood mac very well may be one of the best bands in history .	1
so i have rewatched every season of dexter with the parents and now am itching for season ! roll on october !	1
i just peed myself anthropologie to open knoxville store	1
nirvana on the radio . happy tuesday	1
you may be accurate there but rousey s next fight is just too early holm needs more fights before getting walked on	0
stoops got the record th win against saxet !	0
official real madrid and atletico will face each other in the spanish supercup on august and august .	0
so long summer school is definitely back in . . . saturday on the couch with a movie and school work . and confirming eid travel plans 	1
imagine zayn comes out on the nd part of cfmf	0
my social media week starts tomorrow u c kicking off with u socialising the internet of things u . sounds intriguing . smwldn	1
featuring the best headers volleys long rangers and team efforts from real madrid fc united of	1
bro u gotta see my videos today i was jukin the shit out the raiders	0
migraine from the loud blackness going on thor early monday morning wish people would stfu being loud for no reason	2
i love bernie sanders it s great you re spending your saturday for his campaign .	1
islam please take your fictional murderous nonsense and poke it where the sun don t shine ! we the people aren t interested in bullshit !	2
no youth tomorrow . come to fall festival . also u c this sunday high school will attend main service with the adults for super sunday !	0
if they made jurassic park today jesse eisenberg would probably play dr malcolm and i think he d do well . have a good saturday	1
releasing one with kendrick in feb	0
driving from nashville to atl to see rush for the th time ! second row pitt baby ! ! ! yahoo ! ! ! ! !	0
sultan will release on eid . shoot starts in november and ll wrap in march .there r no plans to shift the release date spokesperson	1
ok so the votes for allstar coach are coming in tomorrow .send good energy .i really want this silly super important thing .	1
we saw with last october at abs cbn hallway .	0
dang i want some crawfish right now . may	0
white sox go ahead on avi garcia s rbi single in the st .	0
watching laugh at my pain with on this cool saturday night	0
hello everybody ! ! !how are you today ?have a beautiful green day ! ! ! !	1
gonna watch the rest of x factor tomorrow cause i m so tired i just keep crying every time they mention take that .	2
the captain comes back with cookies ? ! ? mets on monday david wright returned from the disabled list to . . .	0
i miss my bestfriend u coctaveia u c my cousin u capril . . my bestie u ckaliyah u c tricey u c dasia u cmikia u c the other people i miss with at richwood ! !	2
cubs win ! walk off home run in the th by the blue eyed killa kris bryant !	1
if you are planning on attending phoenix comicon later in may you ll want to get your discounted ticket today . . .	1
saw it late but carlos gomez may have passed ryan braun in most hated baseball players	2
night college course sorted just have to enrole tomorrow now . . finally starting to figure out what i wanna do busyday	1
and u c indeed u c on the th of december u c a week after his return to granite house u c the unknown accosted the engineer and in a quiet humble voi	0
new post mlb roundup blue jays score four in the th to top red sox	0
it s happened . harper may try again . what said last night won t matter it s cling power by whatever means or pogey . elxn 	0
oh for god s sake don t tell me i m going to have to start liking justin bieber . . .	0
listening to the weeknd on the radio and telling mom i want to see in december and she says this is the zayn guy right ? 	0
j cole used kendrick lamar s beat from alright on black friday . that was the point	0
why does everyone ignore zayn s interview with the sun ? he said all he did was for the fans monthswithoutzayn	0
good news for patriots fans tom brady owns the steelers his opponent tomorrow night	1
so justin beiber is coming down here jan . . am i the only one excited ? lol	1
blanchett brilliant in carol of the weinstein co . cate blanchett as carol aird right with rooney mar . . .	1
carmelo anthony is going to put on a show tomorrow mark my words teammelo knickstape	0
this amazon prime day thing is just like black friday if you ignore the part where amazon didn t put anything you want to buy on sale .	2
when you tell your dad you saw straight outta compton and you find out he sat next to ice cube on a flight in 	0
caitlyn jenner was once a man but is now happier as a women and that s fine he may not be attractive but he is happy	1
come with me u c and you will see and david taylor at pivopivo tomorrow night	1
yay tomorrow i u ll be going to putrajaya for a walk . woweee .	1
did you miss your favorite panel at phoenix comicon ? i recorded all the headliners in hd st row . watch them all phxcc	1
that s why it is called masterstroke or else it was known before rahul gandhi amp kejriwal would have sat on dhana to oppose	0
that minister may influence how you see christians but please don t let his blog be the place you learn about christianity . 	2
homework catch up day and then dinner with the big brother before the hurricane . i kinda need school not to happen on monday	2
black ops iii beta looked a lot better on ps than on xbox one . i hope that isn t the case come november .	0
another walk off this time josh hamilton gives the rangers the win his th career walk off hit veee el piedrero	0
the book of souls iron maiden format audio cd days in the top release date sept . . . . music follow	0
come scoop mert i gotta go shopping tomorrow ! i keep putin it off . ima fuck around amp ain u t gone have shit to wear to gotti	2
as if he doesn t sleep and he s always preparing many ambushes for muslims may allah curse him may allah make him blind .	2
janet jackson on the th then ed sheeran on the th . when there is good music hc is all smiles .	1
rt damn . who becomes the rd back ajayi ? rt boise state rb malcolm johnson tore acl in practice yesterday .	0
news alarm michael morse lf sf michael morse went for with a home run and an rbi during game of the nlcs on thursday .	0
hahahhaha depressed af . i leave the th . jack and jack come on the th and shawn on the th hahahaha kill me	2
tomorrow seth rollins s wwe title reign will surpass that of randy orton s at days . i saw randy win that title live in miami at the aaa	1
i have hearts warming eve gift is done i will give it to twilight on monday	1
niki lauda just confirmed to sky that alonso was released of contact on thursday night	0
angela merkel s jackets many colours but just one look	2
milan are leading the race to sign the talented midfielder . milan plan to sign him in june and then send him to genoa on loan . tmw	1
lg spectrum ice cream sandwich will start rolling out tomorrow starting tomorrow owners of the lg spectr . . . apps	0
lmao rt curtis painter looks like the kind of guy who would try to buy beer on sunday . scumbag	2
nice day here in london today as we wish prince george third in line to the throne ! a happy nd birthday !	1
kardashian memes take over twitter as kanye west announces presidency run while it s not clear yet just how s . . .	0
oh i watch the subbed ones . im waitin for the new ones to drop thursday . naruto got path shit too . shit dope	1
jenson button may be at top of motorsport but he is affected by career uncertainty at mclaren	0
timmonsville u s bubba huggins endorses tom rice in the june u c th congressional district republican primary run . . .	0
gn everyone . plz pray for saeed raif christians yezidis babies soldiers the world ! may god be with you all .	1
we got any ole miss and mississippi state fans in the house ? ? if you dont then your team just may suck .	2
mark cuban on the apple tv s possible future	0
kendrick lamar killed j .cole in the black friday aswr .	2
how are going to get u c to adelaide oval when they can u t even get u c to aami on a sunday afternoon ? crowd concerning . afl	0
 working on tinder profile in case husband ever leaves me strengths st on the dance floor efficient typist s mariah carey lyrics	1
matt flynn may possibly not be as good as peyton manning is but he was the second decision for the miami dolphins . u . . .	0
at the minute zvezda fans are too busy securing tickets for the basketball vs galatasaray on thurs and derbi on sat .	0
kayla just tried to give me my croissant from dunkin and it kept slipping i couldn t grab it at st	0
i loved the hannibal finale saturday . it was good enough and open enough to interpretation to please all types of fannibal . hannibalmicdrop	1
 mariners tweets as we head to the th inning the mariners and white sox are tied at . mlb	0
my mom is really lecturing me about how sharknado is such a good movie amp that everyone watches it which is why they came out with a rd one .	1
brady bunch . . . tom brady . its all propaganda ! signed the nd shooter from the grassy knoll	0
idk about thalia but i gotta work saturday 	0
awww hell . it was a black cop that shot the white student at south alabama . let u s all go march naked in mobile for trayvon . i mean gil .	2
i wonder what famous person will go to disneyland tomorrow ! can chris pratt go so i can stalk him all day	1
most number of muslims in the world r killed by fellow muslims ! st sort it out amp then bark against hindus	2
i was wishing to see raees in christmas amp dilwale on eid at the beginning of the year . but delay in fan from august ruined .	0
why is there rumours going around saying lady gaga s th album is titled scorpio moon 	0
kendrick is on top of the game in my opinion . his bars are incomparable to any others right now . black friday is fire	1
fresh off the fight of the decade this saturday floyd mayweather is back to defend his welterweight world title . . .	1
tomorrow i shall do some dark souls bloodborne and miku ! and probably stuff in between ! lt see you then !	1
i just watched part of dwts and cowboy troy was on there singing i play chicken with a train . brings back th grade memories	0
demi lovato is the rd most important voice by billboard just behind mariah carey amp christina aguilera .	0
 th floor . ijustine conquers mariah carey with a crayon . merrill sheep loses ricky rubio next to them .	1
watching fabian delph gives us hope that we may still one day be called up to play for england . even though we have not played for years . .	1
 dino sat and abby babbled that she liked taylor swift the fray one republic and such . 	0
my mum dad are going to nigeria on tuesday everyone wish them a safe flight	1
paul mccartney served as lollapalooza s headliner friday night in chicago and the . . .	0
huge game for hokies tonight . acc championship game on the line difference between potential bcs bowl game and th tier bowl game .	0
watch out for together with divine u c deniesse and the big at the pacific mall legazpi landco plaza on april u c pm .	0
things needed wanted in no particular order my bed u c silence u c dog u c cold water with lemon u c sun u c sister	0
got an hour talk session with capt . imran tomorrow . he u s so smart and manage to become a captain by the age of .	1
considering seeing ant man amp paper towns on monday but i d have to go to the theater without pretzels . torn . fat but torn .	0
hi see you re in parliament on tues .as someone who also wnt to an ace school wld be gr to meet for coffee if you ve time	1
new location ? rd ave amp th street nyc . make it happen . . . east village runs on dunkin !	1
day of ade so far so good ! . . . . . start things going this friday morning we have ferry corsten on the panel !	1
emile heskey causing a newcastle stir check out st his overhead kick and nd the heskey cam	0
chris evans genre radio show . . gothic music and other genres share if you like goth alternativemusic	1
happy birthday prince george ! hope you grow wise and healthy to be a great king one day allhailtheprince	1
david wright first at coming back from going on dl in april a upper deck home run ! welcome back captain !	1
i fux wit yo rd choice but gifted hands the ben carson story and alex haley u s autobiography of malcolm x my top 	1
eden hazard s through ball to juan mata for the rd goal against spurs are you serious ? ? ? ! ! ! onetouch instinctive class	2
wines of france was scheduled for publication tomorrow but amazon released it early . look inside at	0
disney infinity . star wars in stock on ps ps xbox and xbox one with wii u arriving tomorrow and all . . .	0
jack and the beanstalk at winspear opera house kind of a saturday	0
i read that sun times article and it did nothing to prove the theory that we should trade kane .	0
attending wiflc with our chapter on sunday ? please bring items for the charity event . check fb for more info . decalove	1
seth rollins has always been the future and being the guy to finally beat cena just solidified his legacy st titlefortitle	1
sigh otra metlife is tomorrow and i m not going 	0
kanye and nicki are the reason they may have to do away with award shows . you say it s about artists but you two always make it about you .	0
them seniors gone beat the juniors tomorrow .	0
 anymore missions you may need for me to do today naruto ! sakura replied the same small smile still upon her lips .	0
nirvana . it just feels right . happy sunday ! hobbs	1
comedy central real goin hard tonight	1
home run ! ryan braun s run blast puts the brewers on the board in the th . it s now d backs brewers . no outs . milvsari	1
why is the david beckham so positive about the england team we are shite if we don t hit on sat then that is disgraceful set of cretins	2
r amp a s handling of the end of round was diabolical . i watched spieth matsuyama and dustin johnson early saturday very unfair on them .	2
niall u c if i may ask when you u c louis u c zayn u c liam u c harry will concert in indonesia . i beg you cont 	0
so kris bryant s hr not only may have saved the cubs season but may have unofficially led to this tulo blockbuster .	1
do not think modi is the target for yakub drama . we may not like adarshliberal lawyers like pb but those few r smart . ample effort 	0
would you like to be a monk ? c mon lets go get drunk . do you think paul mccartney is okay ? we re from rolling stone so it s okay . l .r .	0
friday is the day i have been waiting for since thanksgiving break was over yes	1
 u really good day u as danica patrick finishes th at kansas nationwide race nascar news fox sports on msn vsowxx c	1
windows may have done it but that was just your computer so it shouldn t stop others from upgrading .	0
don t worry . the other week i got paid wednesday then thursday spent most of it on a fleetwood mac ticket oops priorities	1
i m already going to see paper towns tomorrow so someone take me on a date to see southpaw some other time .	0
in binghamton ny for the night leaving at am back in va sometime tomorrow just to find out where im going monday	0
is that liam walsh that s going to be fighting ricky burns on dec ?	0
tonight light up the night at our nd edition of neon night light . bring out those bikinis and splash dance ! lt 	1
departure of ship stanford provider port abu dhabi time nov am utc time of arrival departure is the time the ves . . .	0
i hung out with paul mccartney last night ! ! ! it may or may not have been while i was sleeping and dreaming about it .	1
my nd time seeing was wen me kiaya n chante went to the dc star we stood in line pm n they open the club doors at am lol	1
i m going to target today solely to look at star wars toys . i missed force friday due to filming .	1
news flava flava will be taking over floor tomorrow night with some of the best hip hop afrobeats and rnb t	0
anyone wanna go to the city friday morning and see jason aldean perform a couple songs	0
postage for o . henry stamp unveiled the u .s . postal service on monday unveiled the stamp commemorating the life of . . .	0
day and all the tray works in at f b u s in oldham . start wiring tomorrow sparkingat mph	0
just found a piece of candy that may have been injected with something . why	2
friday at ihop it was like and i felt like it was in the morning . i was so done .	1
get back to pulling pints ! going v well . in croatia tonight then going to island of hvar tomorrow . gonna be another big party .	1
wow friday that was quick charity dog walk tonight for if you re going through blackpool illuminations tonight give us a honk	0
just got back from school aaaggghhh he is . i u ve been having a spazzing attack the whole day o national bieber day 	1
floyd mayweather don t even come outside in may so how does he know what the weather is like . fraud meekbelike	2
the rich list special edition will be available in mumbai from today . other cities can get it tomorrow onward .	0
spend saturday with keith richards singing some everly brothers .	0
in hastings nebraska it s illegal to have sex without wearing a night shirt .	0
i was internally screaming when i heard the intro to fourth of july in paper towns	1
because it s real madrid bet it happens	0
wow this benji story is amazing ! then drose won the state champs with his number the st time since benji won it . . .wow	1
the girls on the th looked awesome . .chck out splash dance tonight voted best locals party ! ! why wouldn t u be there ? !	1
tomorrow is definitely gonna be a calm u c casimir pulaski day greatkickoff goodnight	1
there are still spots available for happiest baby on the block this sunday !	1
was last night in tottenham part of spurs plan to get more money from the mayors office for the new stadium ? ?	0
thank you baltimore for a great holiday heap ! my best ever today ! join us tomorrow at the creative alliance . . .	1
i have bills tickets for sale for this sunday s game vs . the vikings . message me for details . billsmafia	0
had a wonderful workshop on thursday at sag office with carol nadell of selective casting . she is such a . . .	1
i m supposed to see frank ocean tomorrow . then he pulled another houdini and won t be going to fyf .	2
every tweet i see tomorrow about jersey shore im tweeting times about the nfl season opener .	0
sorry her shenanigans eclipse any real talent she may have . .at least madonna was strategic w shenanigans	2
is anybody going to the radio station tomorrow to see shawn ? me and my friend may go but we would like to make new friends meet there 	1
real to sign neymar in december report bangkok post real madrid has reached a deal with santos to sign gift . . .	0
many feared dead as a bomb blast rocks the crowded sunday market in damaturu . boko haram shall be defeated	2
lies . isn t there a curfew in place ?a quick google search indicates that this image was from the charlie hebdo march .	2
i hope we celebrate niall s birthday on saturday at otra and sing him happy bday even tho it a day before !	1
wanted to be kris jenner tomorrow but didn t want to pay for a wig so no outfit basically	2
get ur excuses in early lol cant see us beating west ham on sat not now that howard webb is on loan to the hammers for the game 	2
white sox up in the th since when ? ? ? ? ?	0
sunday night concert in the park ! eagles cover band pretty good !	1
may ur eve sweet dear actualy its yet as eid ppl do visits amp families so it was here miss u u know my eid wth u baby	0
our friend shawn is coming for the st time . we gave him a bunch of tips . i can type them up amp send in a fb message if you want .	0
my bestfriend is performing for tomorrow nurses day in school . hopefully she ll do fine up on the stage . i love you 	1
sorry i have to sleep tomorrow all day mtvstars lady gaga	0
sadly for him amp probably the party the mili brand has been seriously devalued . even big brother s return may not relaunch it	2
so the david de gea transfer saga is over . .real madrid have confirmed . he may well stay at mufc until the end of his contract at this stage	0
i ll make these available on amazon tomorrow as well !	1
it build immune syst up hot water lemon st thing u c green teas a day . .it u ll sort you out xx	0
sam warburton wales exclusive interview when wales play the barbarians in cardiff on saturday afternoon sam wa . . .	0
hopefully doing a meet and greet friday night with stan walker and elen levon d bring on the celeb life ! !	1
hall of famer frank gifford a nfl legend on the field and in the booth calling the games on monday night football . . .	1
i don t have trials sorry dude . september i ll have it ! you can add me on xbox one though 	1
there is a dunkin iced coffee from june in my fridge . i know it s there every time i open the fridge . but i just leave it there .	0
remember how nyt aided bush s march to iraq war ? they need to be truthful amp they haven t with hillary .	2
that s the ballgame texas loses . tomorrow s game is a first pitch with david price for toronto against colby lewis for texas .	0
random friday fun where in scotland does legend have it that merlin the wizard died ? ?	1
rt al sanchez connecting twice early in full team practice with te dustin keller . following play was a reverse to jeremy kerle . . .	1
israel razes west bank home of modi in hammer terrorist last tuesday the year old hacked and wounded two . . .	2
yup guess what ? citizen weren t the happiest supporter last night liverpudlian were . the fact is finis in th below everton asses lol	2
it was right next to lax i sat outside and watched the planes land . perfect .	1
life size cardboard cut outs of obama and romney ? acquired . mark your calendars and join the pssa at gerts on november th !	0
coffee so strong it could stop a runaway ny train using pure grit if doc oc disabled the brakes amp omg i think my coffee may be spiderman !	1
my worst day was my mom finding my th grade ipod . reading the band names was like reading charges at a trial . an indictment of my bad taste	0
praveen togadia is proving his inability to procreate now by calling for criminal action against muslims .if you use viagra it may work .	2
live for tuesday night . do you think the ira were heroes or zeros ? irelandtalks fm	0
iron maiden released their new single today . whatcha got for us tonight ? can you beat the irons for friday hype ! ?	0
although i deliberately choose my moto g rd generation because it had one . great link btw .	1
porter judged the pace of his set perfectly . a short burst of papa was a rolling stone gave way to musical genocide	0
last chance to see silent house with drinks and a tour of the london tombs tomorrow night ! enter now 	1
since et went via bkk and has th freedom rights which can load unload pax u c it u s a indirect flight .	0
please please follow me thank u for come to mexico the september i love u so much nsn bbb	1
shanghai shenxin of china forward daniel chima chukwu has praised super eagles coach sunday oliseh for the quality of players he invited	1
rt i find it ironic that i almost certainly would not be a yankees fan today if i hadn t gone to college near boston rand . . .	0
kendrick lamar black friday kendrick why are you a monster ? why do you murder tracks ?	2
federal reserve stands firm on bond buying program the federal reserve said on wednesday that it is standing fi . . .	0
 xupdate kim davis husband implies he ll use nd amendment remedy against gay marriage supporters via	0
alkek is down on the field and walks off to get looked at . red stars only have one sub left a goalkeeper . th minute .	0
hulk hogan may have said something stupid years ago which was very wrong . but you can t erase my childhood or his contribution to wrestling .	0
nicki s pastor is mad af right now . and it s sunday smh	2
messi has registered back to back hat tricks goals for barcelona for the rd time in his career	1
wwe summerslam vip meet and greet ticket with randy orton . bids end date tuesday aug . . . wwetickets	0
i m kind of confused why my amazon prime stuff that shipped today isn t coming until the th th . that s certainly not two days .	2
you may not see this but you should follow shes cool ! she s a huge iconiac you a should follow her and make her day	1
katy perry ni as in paris cover woah i didn u t think she had it in her . . . via	0
asad umar amp zubair umar on th hour with waseem badami for a candid eid interview . interesting !	1
after sunday and wednesday u s game i u m happy with chelsea style of playing it has improved from last season d bring on swansea sfc cfc	1
you can measure rousey s fight in vines . that last fight was about and rd vines .	0
can t wait til my texans play mario williams and the bills sunday .	1
excited to sleep cause excited for dunkin tomorrow on the drive home	1
why the hell are so many games releasing april may ? the latest threat to r amp c is dark souls on the th of april o crap	2
scott walker may just be an idiot	2
madonna s rebel heart tour concert at air canada centre at pm on monday the th of oct . got an extra ticket to be sold . pls pm me . ticket	0
the fia ran the race the right way lauda niki lauda believes that without the benefit of hindsight sunday . . .	1
i m very happy to hear that sam smith will be singing the theme song of spectre bring on october th	1
it s baby boom friday and the sun is shining for our location adventure sessions today baby boom at jm style . . .	1
the sale of the season hosted by lucky magazine with grammy winner jennifer hudson u c starts november st at mercer	0
galliani boateng will be a milan player starting from january suso will join genoa . honda ? no problems he is certainly staying . 	0
join the ihs book club and get a free copy of paper towns . thurs after school in the ihs library .	0
the fact that it s monday and teen wolf isn t on makes me sad	2
im sat ib my bathroom crying over a tv character because of how beautiful she is and how gay i am . ive reached a new low	0
david wright st at bat back from and a half months of injury and he goes upper deck vs the phillies ! ! ! welcome back cap	1
nope dang it ! we decided miss america in january because a couple of my teen sisters are competing . are you going ? !	0
interesting to see cliff avril start . told me wednesday he wasn u t sure if he was ready to go . obviously u c he is .	1
uhmmm are you sure ? cuz groundhog day isn u t til like february or march lol	0
another huge fireworks show dearborn homecoming big enough to rival detroit s it happen again tomorrow night !	1
i m so hiao i repeat the th time for the jonghyun s solo yeaaa i love the useless shirt compared to shirtless but same whattt xd	1
no matter what drake tells you monday in toronto belonged to david price . jays 	1
we ve got tickets remaining for the wales v barbarians game tomorrow . call if you re interested in snapping up the final . . .	0
it s saturday night and i m on twitter talking bout naruto	0
it s aug . th and the division leading jays will look to david price for their th straight win tomorrow . imagine hearing that in april .	1
have three tickets to jason aldean and kenny chesney friday night let me know if you re interested	0
 damn next saturday tho niggas was trynna get shit over with early	2
running class tomorrow at . am and . am hype park get faster with the transformers .	0
fyf fest kanye west saves the day after frank ocean cancels kanye west was just a few songs into his headlining set at saturday s o . . .	1
like you say rory spieth rose and day should be great to watch . if dustin johnson can get his head together he may join them	1
nah bad blood was the summer anthem	0
jurassic world on wednesday ! we finally get to see it here in japan .	1
if anyone brings me dunkin iced coffee tomorrow you d be my hero	0
david wright back in mets lineup for first time since april for the first time since april david wright w . . .	0
question of the day can anything beat quevega in thursday s world series hurdle ? have your say	0
 st day back at work after a terrible week off and i ve forgotten my ipod security pass and lunch ! mondaydaze cancelmonday	2
the best thing about walking dead returning is it means spartacus will be back soon too ! dammit u c starz site says january 	1
jesus may have been born on christmas and died on easter but he got the tableware for the last supper at off on amazon prime day .	0
mayo clinic bound on sunday with briana . focused on getting my baby healthy ! ! nothing else matters right now . nomoretearsin 	0
first hump day of brought to by dmb amp tim u amp inxs . enjoy your wednesday . . . .learn something	1
george osborne s plan to increase the tax burden on britain s fastest growing banks may threaten their plans to create thousands of new jobs	2
i m calling it now monday august th pm brock lesnar will make undertaker tap out .	0
warren buffett may admire bernie sanders but he s not backing him . he says that bernie won t win i hope he s wrong .	0
but yes i do know where that saying is from . is it from a movie called friday ? was it said by ice cube ?	0
spend your halloween night with us ! ! ! movie night in morris hall phase ! ! ! ! tomorrow ! ! ! ! free food ! ! ! games and movies ! ! ! ! ! !	0
ht edit dt sept centre must heed mr hamid ansari amp plumb the full depths of muslim exclusion . ensure muslims full rights as citizens	0
who watched the special valentine s day dinner with asim on ary musik this feb ? p .s i got something very . . .	0
jim murphy as a conflict resolution adviser ? the most inspired choice since tony blair became a peace envoy 	0
i u m so pist that i might not be able to go to the volleyball game tomorrow	2
just another monday without teen wolf	0
white sox have gone down in order following alexei ramirez rbi single in the nd .	0
if you missed mra on tues it s back on mins pay attention cause there s a chance to hang out with hbk	1
everybody is finally starting to watch naruto where the fuck you guys been . i have been watching it every thursday since th grade . rookies	0
a great day for sport orlandocruz ranked th in wbo has come out . we need more openly gay role models in the world of sport . a true fighter	1
amy schumer opens up about man that tried to date her after criticizing her looks amy schumer sat down with t . . .	0
how u s channel celebrating its th anniversary ? is it pretending the first years when it was any fucking good never happened ?	2
when randy orton won the whc at summerslam against hmm i forgot his name i remember chris then b .i forgot the rest . .	0
i m going to research this john kasich fellow tomorrow . he has my attention .	0
i go back next tuesday to enrole mate i think you do too	0
super eagles camp update report has it that super eagles first choice goalkeeper and captain vincent enyeama may . . .	0
would love to have you on our show to talk about swachh bharat ! show is live on thursday oct .	1
this should brighten the day and make your weekend even better ! free ice cream on sunday for national ice cream day !	1
i had a fun day on terra nova . followed by a ho down at the end of the night . got plenty of screen time . look for the only dancing soilder !	1
how many do you need ? i have to get them from mrs murray and we can meet sometime friday	0
though sopa and pipa were defeated in the us u c a similar bill was passed in the philippines .	0
spx student body if you d like to wear boots to school tomorrow be sure to pay two dollars to your theology teacher .	0
 prince george appeared on tuesday at the th place in the top of manchester s trends trndnl	0
trump amp scott walker are right . we should amend the th amendment of the us constitution allow deportation of idiots like trump amp walker	2
 yakubhanged congi liberals who are whining kalam would have pardoned yakub should have supported kalam s nd term . why all the drama now ?	2
u foals and chvrches all in the space of three weeks roll on october november !	1
looks like harper left in the th two days ago . nats splatitude firemattwilliams	0
so carly fiorina is going to crash and burn . wakeupamerica . . . .next . . .	2
hi adam you may need to contact playstation support or sony for details regarding this aspect of your purchase . to	0
glad its friday u c but i wanna go to the ncs game . . . no fun when there isn u t anything to do . .	1
goal hernanes juventus still the team to beat in italy amp europe the bianconeri may have lost their first two . . .	0
zlatan ibrahimovich . gracious lebron james images . you may want to check 	1
you said he was the nd worst he isn t amp ukip don t vote on non uk issues	2
somebody take me to the taylor swift concert on wednesday	1
tomorrow is a great day . new iron maiden album and illinois football season opener .	1
i just want it to be tomorrow . . but till then all the ramen and naruto ! believeit	1
what are you some stupid twilight vampire ? real ones don t go outside to tan . they sleep in complete darkness until the sun is down	2
news alarm josh hamilton lf tex josh hamilton went for with a solo home run and two total rbi during fri . . .	0
so i ve only started watching game of thrones season today . i should be done with it by monday . in between naps .	0
hey michelle hope u r well i just watched saving face st time what a lovely film well done u ! xxx	1
can u t wait for tomorrow night u s welcome to the underworld party i love halloween ! the question is u c what . . .	1
come enjoy splash dance with robbie riviera this thursday	1
cannot wait to see wednesday at art park ! for free ! are you kidding me ? they re paying us ! leggooo !	1
photo studyrelief september i smashed up my iphone last night and the pixels on the screen have . . .	2
to anyone going to the big revival tour tomorrow at metlife have fun ! ! can t wait to go in a few weeks !	1
late night funny ohio governor john kasich became the th republican to announce that he is running for p . . .	0
don t forget jonathan kozol this thurs pm nw e . chicago . tlkng abt new book fire in the ashes yrs amgst poorest chldrn in am . 	0
just recollecting modi s speeches during may and the assurances of rajnath singh on black money . feel cheated	2
madrid aug reuters sevilla have completed the signing of forward fernando llorente from juventus and the year old former spain	0
we have a game friday at the knicks then back home in miami on saturday against the nuggets teamheat heatnation	0
not making it to the main debate stage may not be such a bad thing for carly fiorina	2
ice cube writes like every movie he s in lol	0
tonight was awesome i love the richwood students . can u t wait to meet more tomorrow . jfk mts	1
persistence is like chuck norris beat the sun in a staring contest . fitnessmotivation fitness gymtime	0
the raw beauty of ghosts of the great highway and april is so much better than milk a dozen eggs cat food i saw nirvana on tv in 	0
rt very impressed with joco teenage republicans ! teens showed up today ready to fight big government and obama ! nobama	1
friday is cenation day you have to wear a john cena tshirt cargo shirts an the wwe championship as your outfit	0
news kerry says us may set up refugee camp structures to help with syria crisis	0
i m going to see paper towns again tomorrow with a friend yay	1
billboard list need tupac damn th ranked kendrick lamar on not making the top rappers of all time list	0
david wright maybe returning in philly you say ? makes me even more excited for my trip there next tuesday . . .	1
collaboration shared google docs and group share outs all on the nd day of school . saline stds rock ! smslearn	1
i have to watch the episode i missed of teen wolf before tomorrow night . i ll also watch fear the walking dead since i didn t watch it	0
can i have my dance mix for flava please ? i m the last class on a thursday night at reynella . 	0
if paul dunne wins tomorrow i m going to feel stupid for not betting a dollar on him ods	0
i m gonna watch sharknado cause i have no tv shows to watch on a wednesday not cause i enjoy it .	2
john stewart s nd act ! going toe to toe with john cena amp ric flair in the ring !	0
good morning pr world wishing you a great thursday ! did you know that today july rd is national hot dog day ?	1
busy day at work tomorrow . london gt milan gt la gt doncaster night twitter fans xo	1
happy birthday for tomorrow ! may you get the naked seth rollins you ve always wanted 	1
jinja safari have hiccups u c catch them live this thursday with opossom and white arrows on the blind date tour	0
busted caught out celebrating the st u a cup win with andy carroll and joe hart beer jager	0
tgif ! there s so many writing opportunities you can get started on this weekend thanks to	1
arsenal v leeds united january . vaessen scored the winning goal .	0
trifecta will be performing at the th green in jeffersonville in on thursday sept pm ! come join the party !	1
when christians aunt asks us if we want to go to the red sox vs yankees game on tuesday gt gt 	0
come see sam smith with and i tomorrow	1
was chatting up ref librarian at local public library a few days ago about watchman . ended up on hold list for novel . read st chapter . . s	0
circe . the day i got my acceptance letter to u of o . can u t believe tomorrow i u ll be taking my last test	1
kris bryant absolutely mashed a hr . the only thing that held that ball in was the video board . left fielder never turned around . . bot th	1
alaskan musher youngest to win iditarod dallas seavey won the iditarod trail sled dog race on tuesday even . . .	1
kanye west is running for president nothing is real on sunday night kanye west received the mtv video vangu . . .	0
ahhh then one may attain nirvana at the supermarket .	1
lithium may just be my favorite nirvana song oat	1
if anyone at rchs wants their picture in the yearbook of them just hanging out with friends message me before friday ! ! ! indesperateneed	0
lexus is trying to text me about a math problem idk what math is till tuesday don t text me with yo homework .	0
it may be over for big brother . . . i m just ready for survivor where getting blood on your hands is the name of the game ! ! cbs needs a revamp	2
hanging of yakub proves that may be a hero in reel life but in real life he is best to be ignored yakubverdict	0
look i can understand the argument for abolishing death penalty . you may have a point . but remorse for yakub ? give me a break	2
super clubhouse . in the curtis restaurant tuesday . add soup for a buck	0
no twilight within the courts of the sun just made me shit my pants near the end . amazing chaotic jazz rock piece .	1
in other news can t wait to see ant man tomorrow night hopefully it s what i expect	1
brain cells good ass intro israel the list continues	0
for the weekend ? no . for tuesday ? fly to japan from kyiv .	0
bars amp pubs national hot dog day wed sep it s national hot dog day and the soda factory is going all out . . .	1
murray saves break points and manages to hold serve to level the th set at . murray not going down without a fight usopen	0
get ready the royals have an opponent in the world series ! the boys in blue will take on the san francisco giants ! first game tuesday in kc !	1
ohh d i just came back from melaka d will go to sepang tomorrow . 	1
black friday is one of the best songs kendrick has done	1
should we expect and the crew for an election special in dc on tuesday ?	0
josh hamilton stays chill after putting the on top in the th .	0
no andy rooney on tonight s minutes ? ! can someone make sure that he s still alive ?	0
do you think chelsea deadline day bid was real or just spin by mufc to try and justify the fee ? think it may be latter	2
i truthfully liked my galaxy better as a phone experience but the game app market is better on iphone .	0
i ll make you some more justin bieber edits tomorrow if you don t deactivate	0
unlucky ! now what s the word i m looking for to describe chris maguire after this confession ?	2
happy mean girls day . haha get it because todays october th and thats when aaron samuels asked what day it was	1
after watching the raptors first hand today u c they definitely in contention for the th seed . they were better than the pacers today .	1
beyonce sang the words we could never come up with ! best thing i never had . i didn t give the song a chance st but it s growing on me .	1
iran is about to start selling oil that may cost just a barrel read at business insider nice	0
 alllivesmatter . . . white black guy girl or even a caitlyn jenner whatever that may be stop the violence k 	0
i started liking frank ocean when he doesn t drop his music like c mon	0
i m sad that naruto manga is over and i ll probably cry when the anime ends . kishimoto san is coming to the us in october ! !	2
 seven penny stocks to watch with heavy volume for friday medical marijuana inc	0
tigers beat kansas city tonight . . .yay ! and austin jackson got on espn sportcenter top plays . . . . . . . . . .hurrah ! nice catch austin !	1
today is the last sunday i have to decide how to use my afternoon until valentine s day ! nfl football sundayafternoons excitement	1
hey thank you for oreo thins . i m about to eat the whole box and i ll regret it tomorrow but for right now nirvana . god bless you	1
happy wednesday ! nba players prefer the beard urban gets a commit osu michigan brawl sharknado amp game show wednesday ! see you at !	1
happy th anniversity kuya gloc you are number rapper and francis m . . . . . . . . . .	1
thank g d trump delayed his visit to the temple mount . it may have damaged israel s sterling reputation	0
i got a call from bcc saying the college is open but christian texted my dad saying bca doesnt have school tomorrow	0
new skyfall trailer is live . fans self is it october yet ? i have all the feels for this . goddamn .	1
want more mosleymayorga action ? come out to the official weigh in this friday at venice beach ca ! ! !	1
what ? the jaguars may trade to get tim tebow from the jets ? god is good u c teams still want him . testifyhisgreatness	1
i spent the majority of my weekend sitting in bed editing watching the entire st season of dexter . twas divine . i have no regrets .	1
like frenchies the only way george osborne and may can beat is by cheating amp backstabbing . samething	2
that he s a th choice cb at barca and has started two games ?	0
magic mike xxl on a monday night . . .was everything i expected it to be .	1
to whom it may concern paper towns is on the stupidest movies i have ever seen don t see it for real	2
good job chicago bulls st win of the new season and derrick rose wasn t even on the court	1
just finished thegirlwho pt wow ! just wow ! you got a date for part yet ? amazon is saying march but ad says october ?	1
never understood ppl who have been divorced more than once having a problem with gay marriage .	0
dear mr . netanyahu if a new cast lead might be needed i wish you success and total victory u c may the enemies of israel perish .	1
not for nothing is their motto tgif thank god it s friday . they live for the weekends when they can go do what they really want to do .	0
watching the new fear the walking dead episode then faking it at . then i shall stress about big brother till wednesday iwatchtoomuchtv	0
act at hf tomorrow . but i need a calculator with programs . who got one i can borrow ! ?	0
israel warns brazil faces diplomatic downgrade unless it accepts settler in occupied west bank as ambassador	2
seeing jason aldean for the th time today . . . yup	1
hmm i usually don t watch b g shows but i may have to make an exception for something like that 	1
wsj microsoft testing homegrown handset designs with suppliers u c may not see mass pro until very recently u c mi . . .	2
the painting project continues today and is to be completed on nov and . please join coni in partnering to give back to the community .	0
 carriehfletcher are you going to hype park on the th ? 	0
i get it now he told tomorrow so she wouldn t come . dang nobody likes calle .	2
in my nd season in mycareer u c and the jazz have maggette and jr smith starting . . . no no no u c wtf is this ? ! ?	0
amazing ! ! people in attendance at the religious freedom rally at the ky state capitol ! may we stand as christians for america ! !	1
 th anniversary with the guy who digs i wanna go to soundset tomorrow and the tattoo ive designed .	1
national hot dog day is july rd ! make sure you make plans to get some dogs ! we will have them ready for you ! 	1
espn has their nose squarely up the nation of islam s ass . espnsucks espnblockedatourhouse veteran s kudos to curt .	2
i am betting by jan we will see a story of someone naming their baby ebola . will you take the over or under on that ?	0
what does amp apos bye felicia amp apos mean ? ice cube explains the amp apos friday amp apos phrase via	0
 music dr . conrad murray to take the stand in michael jackson murder trial jury selection begins this thursday . . .	0
coming wednesday scott walker says everyone living in poverty in wi is covered by medicaid even though he refused obamacare money .	0
not until it learns to love tony blair again . we may be sometime alas .	0
so twitter who do you think will be st labour mp to announce they are leaving for ukip on september th ? ? jezwecan	2
i have austin n dallas coming deep to venue tonight . htown . . .lets show em how we do it out chea	1
on sat sept the world s first and best fleetwood mac tribute band fleetwood bac are here . tickets amp info 	1
selling lawn tickets to jason aldean for next saturday . let me know if you are interested	0
well just did the polish festival today and it went great ! tomorrow we will be playing at the north stage near . . .	1
star wars to come to uk a day early so its countdown from days today !	1
a the loneliness of the long distance runner iron maiden . self inflicted with pm bedtimes on saturday nights . am i right ? runchat	0
tonight is family night at the chick fil a on sparkleberry and clemson . get your face painted and a free kid s meal . pm	0
even our power point in tok didn u t want to do anything today u c so it changed the language . friday tokadventures	2
tomorrow i m going to be one of the runaways . . ! battleborn thekillers	0
was it becky ? cause she told me about it . . i u ll figure it out tomorrow . .	0
i ll see hozier live on september st and sam smith on the nd lifeisgood	1
george zimmerman made his first appearance in public on friday as he and his wife shellie have been in hiding in . . .	0
on september madonna s fifth single taken from her erotica album rain moved to on the billboard hot . . .	1
 planetf sat str u c caterham u c marussia u c hrt although daniel ricciardo made it into q in india u c toro ro . . . f news	0
big turnover on downs forced by highland park d at the horn . hp down now w the ball in the red zone as rd is winding down .	0
as long as it s not chris evans standing in ! ! ! !	1
eid mubarak for all muslim friends ! may god bless us to bring religious harmony in all over the world on this holy and happy occasion .	1
kris bryant singles into left field for his rd hit of the night . rbi . cubs	0
hope to make it survival tuesday but need favour elsewhere . we ll at least make sure sky soundtracks final montage with bj s blaze of glory .	1
this evening will be the first time i get to hit someone in almost weeks . and friday i get to hit georgetown . the hammer falls friday	0
it was so dope to see ice cube writing friday in the nwa movie	0
so john kasich is the rd host to bid for gop nom for president ? or am i missing someone ?	0
northern lights sale on thursday great pedigrees all the way through the catalogue ! genomics the full packages ! view catalogue online !	1
have i shaken hands with the next prime minister ? if it s corbyn or boris or theresa may or jeremy hunt yes . if it s george osborne no .	0
interesting perspective on saudi arabia s involvement in the rise and defeat of isis today in	0
i know it was the best day ever i u m soo happy ! are you going to write on your arm or hand robsten unbroken tomorrow ?c 	1
spotted ! dennis kucinich and wife on th and r . . .as it often is his hand is resting on her how shall i say it derrier	1
looking forward to thursday bc that new episode of naruto is going to have me on my ass	1
dont miss author jonathan kozol will be at wed . at pm discussing his new book fire in the ashes !	1
rip frank gifford . he will forever be linked to the legend and legacy of monday night football . mnf	1
nirvana it s a new friday deal	0
why are you and michael easton so perfect ? i mean what s that about ?	1
moulinparikh sonysix hello . will you telecast floyd mayweather s match this saturday like you did last time ?	0
night out with sister and some of her friends from work . sat on corner of table next to some bloke in a foo fighters t shirt . absolute vibes	1
drake the weeknd all day tomorrow .	0
the ending to the grey may be one of the most bad ass endings to a movie i u ve ever seen	2
glad i caught up on sweet home alabama yesterday finally bc it comes back on tonight !	1
good night shawn i have to wake up early for school is tomorrow but i want to say that i love you	1
only one hour until the appleevent iphone s ? ipad pro ? here s what you think apple will announce today 	1
sep roland and hector from wellington fl treated their boys to some labor day snapper fishing with capt . . . .	1
join us sept in markham to learn about ibm s spectrum protect announcement . contact your ibm rep for the details	1
it s september th and frank ocean still ain t released an album thought abel bought you time ? nah .	0
congratulations to shawn she contacted me last week on a thursday to rent a home and one week later she s moving . . .	1
gucci plurality preconscious privately december train the twin yours guy good understanding widening against p . . .	1
watching eclipse with katiee then vampire diaries for the rest of the night 	0
workin on my music as we speak . . gonna be a reall treat for those show at the maverik center july th xx	1
trying to leave i m only minutes late so far still need to dash to the ladies room . can t wait to hear who is on dwts tonight !	1
best line ever as abby he wears sun glasses has justin beiber on his harddrive cant we arrest him for that ?	1
i feel bad for niall girls because niall hooked up with a girl and gave her his number and th row tickets for their concert . . . stay strong	0
who s ready for some giantsfootball ? the g men finally return to metlife this sat vs the jaguars . get your tix while they last !	1
i wanted to smack eli manning for falling asleep with the rest of the team during the nd half on sunday . hahahaha	2
hey how about august electric scream screening of magic mike xxl ? ? mamas def want to see some dancing and comedy !	1
i may or may not be obsessed with poetic justice .	0
the very same ! planning to tweet from the next dons game on saturday .	0
kendrick s black friday goes so fucking hard and over cole s beat just makes it better .	0
the st mosque in the history of islam was a .nabave b . al harm c . quba d . zarar ans c p sted by admin adnan mashokhel sahara 	0
 ibm ibm is the worldwide market share leader in esn for the th straight year ! socialbiz	1
happy birthday i got you a red letter day once in a life time fishing trip on lough erne . mon round and get it .	1
i d recommend just turning it off and waiting for verlander tomorrow .	2
just when you thought the labor day sale was over . . .bogo ! today through friday only !	1
but hey i have the foo fighters after my race tomorrow so i m not complaining	1
it s friday in new zealand so i m sleeping in and watch teen wolf	0
looks like i m going to do that st amp i have yet to play the re operation raccoon city game its always out of stock on redbox	2
the brits are punishing us for american releases always being late across the pond . skyfall to come out on november th . damnyou	2
in other news im off for the st weekend in weeks . . . and ive a batman game to be starting !	1
i am so mad at john cena on sunday night summerslam he lost all that big talk he did in front of the authorities in front of seth rollins	2
i only swipe right for girls named molly mary or lucy bc i m seeing the grateful dead on saturday .	1
everybody going to knott s saturday i got people from school and people from downey asking me if i m going	0
i love refinding amazing songs . in th grade now im a junior i loved soo many amazing rap songs like memories back then with kendrick bob	1
it s friday . it s beyonce s birthday . it s a good day . happybirthdaybeyonce	1
hi all if you are anywhere los angeles and are free on friday we need u fans for on camera interviews . see prev tweet	1
even after taking into account the audience they re going for paper towns just may be the worst well reviewed movie i ve ever seen hottake	2
i may have just splurged on this u firefly a celebration anniversary edition u by joss whedon . . . dontjudgeme	0
the bulls head to cle friday night . one night doesn u t a season make u c but that was a solid win over wsh on opening night .	1
i use to love that song in the th grade . trina was my role model lmfao	1
people may agree with rahul gandhi even though misinforemd but they won t vote for congress . they might not vote for bjp either soon .	0
george osborne sat giggling sums the torirs up it s all a game to them syrianrefugees	1
sunday oliseh ! i was skeptical first when he was announced as the new super eagles coach . as at now ? he has my full support !	1
looks like we ll be getting an extended look at gerald green saturday . running w the starters in practice w dg out .	1
trump says iran deal forces u .s . to defend iran if it s attacked by israel via false	2
white sox open the season april in oakland . home opener is april against the indians .	0
tomorrow s last day of yakub ! hope it be done ! rest in piece to yakub yakubtohang	0
 halloweensong now playing x files u c phantom of the opera u c halloween u c friday the th u c psycho u c devil u s rejects what are you listening to ?	0
another tough win for us today ! never been in the semi s in bnp paribas open ! next match on thursday 	1
kris jenner steps out with north west and penelope disick kris jenner may be in the process of separating fro . . .	0
if i m honest disappointed to hear bbc are covering it st i d heard prefer license fee money to be spent on domestic sport .	0
lmaooo that u s def in ajax . i guess i u ll give it to ya in december 	1
thursday night can t come here early enough . tom brady versus the awesome steelers secondary haha	1
guess what ? ! we are going to be having our christmas party on december th ! no shows u c unless your justin beiber . . . .	1
photo someone fired a few shots in the block of pollock street on wednesday night . lexus took a . . .	2
meet the south african who put game of thrones on the map gt in sundaytimes lifestyle tomorrow	1
 st song on the ipod upon leaving gb is good life by one republic amp upon leaving an amazing weekend w amp her fam it truly is !	1
i d suggest all these people get along to the orlando stadium on sunday . see africa . it s where we live .	0
forgot manchester united who come in th with . million followers juventus drop out of the top ten .	0
please register for this free event with gov . scott walker on monday in sun city . it is open to the public !	0
our new u c delicious dishes may be alright check with your doc first ! ramenwins	1
come and check out ufc this saturday night at wings u at pm ! anderson silvia vs . yushin okami for the world middle weight championship !	0
sony s pulling a tasm by beginning pre production on a goosebumps sequel even though the st one hasn t come out yet . fuckingstupid	0
i don t think they re getting it . he s comparing nazis to islamic extremists and non nazi germans to muslims . simple sat suff !	2
a poor man muntari and benchwarmer for lazio he no milan player we buy him so in january we loan him to carpi	0
no we watched qually in milan at a sports bar going to the race tomorrow and we ll be sat in the grandstand at parabolica	0
pub trivia and the bar tab who am i question comes along . oi . i get it after the nd clue . the answer was kendrick lamar winning	1
i u m not sure about what evra is upto . i like buttner . should be given more games .rafael cannot defend . we might see a buy in jan	2
monday night football teamtexans all day tomorrow . . . mns	0
joe biden came to miami on wednesday and sounded at times like a politician with another campaign in him	1
good morning becky ! thursday is going to be fantastic !	1
hot jam with melissa and our th row seats !	0
nice to see the neighbours rocking a bit of dark souls seriously though if you invade my game i will cut you .	0
one of my magic mike xxl co workers and the coordinator of the premiere i went to on june this year died . . .	2
hehe due to your answers i think we may be the same person lol mtvstarof lady gaga	1
bob marley fans your dream will come true soon as and the wailers is coming to perform sept at explosition park losangeles .	1
 mets c david wright went for with two runs scored an rbi a walk and his rd home run of the season . mlb	0
when sunday oliseh said there won t be a playing philosophy for the the super eagles i feared . my fears were on display yesterday .	2
a long read but worth it . great insight into power amp control of ira in newry . chilling .	1
thor s powers are so inconsistent in mcu . in the first movie he took out the destroyer in one hit . nd one he s struggling with a dark elf .	2
macdougall is killing the raiders . mad dog scores nd after good leadup work from gidley and houston . gidley misses kick . knights 	2
brief kinder morgan shares off percent after the bell new york u c oct reuters kinder morgan inc sha . . .	0
this may get less attention than rousey v . mayweather but of sets lines the same mcenroe v . serena . . . .who wins ?	0
while all eyes may be on the new iphone today this apple product will be the most disruptive	0
this song black friday by kendrick has me so fucking wet he s a god	1
start monday morning with a new song from eric church !	1
leaked iphone s parts show stronger thicker case bid adieu to bendgate may be using the same aluminum alloy as apple watch .	1
ok it is time for me to sleep . first day as a senior grade twelver tomorrow . gonna be craic ! save me paul mccartney	0
nurses day may . nursing the heart beat of the health	1
she ll be the real mvp if she got me dunkin tomorrow in the am 	1
said you made keith richards look baby faced . may not have actually said this .	2
since my birthday is october th any chance going on xbox with you ?	1
around we were working lots of late nights on saturday .we would go to the beer joint then ihop on union . greattimes	1
inviting the friends for eid visiting ! sat or sun ? ? ?	1
omigod im so fuckin sick of this family . why the hell r u inviting us to ur house ruining my saturday when ur kids arent even gonna be here !	2
rest in peace . . . frank gifford . may god be with kathie lee during her time of need .	0
 rent in us up betw jan jun up . in calif says sound right to you ?	0
let s be honest . joe biden would win once he s in ! he may even ask warren to be r mate	0
dustin johnson doing it again on a major sunday . unreal .	1
guess i m talking to my grandparents about moving to fresno tomorrow . . .leaving everything and everyone behind .	0
bagi para penggemar ane jan lupa tonton naruto the movie ninja clash in the land of snow v dijamin tersepona ama gua disana v sasuke	0
w .o .w wednesday !marni lands this lumberjack vest for the ladies looking to bring a little tom boy toughness	1
micca tomorrow . my support for the marching band is ridiculous . needstostop butilovethemsomuch itssoearly eyeswithpride maybenextyear	1
david price love and hate in jamestown john smith pocahontas and the heart of a new nation st edition by david p	0
one fc rise of kings is scheduled to blow the roof off of the singapore indoor stadium on saturday october .	1
last day of istep tomorrow .	0
surprises in go set a watchman may make readers re examine to kill a mockingbird . 	1
rousey calls the jan . fight my biggest challenge to date . she s not worried about losing though i can take . . .	0
happy valentines day ! don t end up where the sun don t shine make sure to get your special someone that gift from hollywood tans ! ! ! ! ! ! !	1
 bbc africa somalia announce cecafa cup plans somalia will arrive in uganda on november to give the team tim . . .	0
plant city is babysitting nyc palm trees for the winter . crap like this cracks me up !	1
guys chill we dont know shit about briana we may not like the fact she s here but calling her names is rude	2
taking it down to the wire with deciding how to interview dr bill sysak out at stone brewing tomorrow . i want to . . .	1
thursday s are better than every other day bc scandal and vampire diaries	1
in case you were wondering caitlyn jenner is responsible for the death of a woman in a car crash in february . how courageous is she now ?	2
no joke but mysciencestory is that i read jurassic park in rd grade and was thereafter obsessed with biology .	1
i may not watch as much baseball as i did when i was younger but there s nothing like the yankees beating the red sox . classic	1
the only thing that i am afraid of if bernie sanders is president he may die in office	0
david cameron s approach to the refugee crisis brings shame on us all . by	2
cena vs seth rollins monday night raw cena wins and retains the united states championship the champ is here	0
did you miss the last mamaway breast feeding workshop ? next session is on at westfield parramatta store thursday . . .	0
john terry is due to captain chelsea from the start for the th occasion tomorrow . . . cfc	0
 days until vintagenow . we want to raise a bundle for the safe house for women . support us by attending ct th .	1
we u re in the studio working on the new album and it sounds epic . we may as well pick up our brit award now u c tbh .	1
two tickets to see foo fighters at bowl tonight sunday . face value . leighton buzzard or milton keynes area . any interest ?	1
planning has begun for international women s day on the th of march . actually we re working with kogarah . . .	0
nothing like a steak dinner then true blood on demand with my favorite person on earth ! perfect saturday night 	1
rolling stone crowns bob dylan the best songwriter of all time paul mccartney second john lennon rd	0
anyone going to the october rd msg show with brock lesnar that ll air live on wwenetwork ? wwe raw	0
last night s wwe raw or seth rollins and the terrible horrible no good very bad day 	2
scouted game tickets for clippers and celtics on th of december with dayne . getting ahead of ourselves ?nahhhh !	0
egypt have booked friendlies with russia and ivory coast on february th and th respectively .	0
oppo hr for abreu not far from the pole . his th and it s white sox .	0
don t know how i am friends with masotti kid has awful taste in movies . ted may be the worst movie ever made masotti gave it a . 	2
jason russell s breakdown may is a result of the overdose of the red color . when i look at the kony signs i start to feel sick	2
may i ask what u s so cool about a ap rocky ?	1
janet jackson s album comes out on october nd janet jackson is currently on it s supporting tour . . . .	1
now the uk release of star wars the force awakened has been brought forward to our th wedding anniversary my wife might take the hint ?	1
thoughts about the aubameyang rumors ? cover if zlatan leaves ? or adding depth ? augustin a good rd striker for ucl quality ?	0
tell us abou the teenagers saudi arabia is chopping heads off . c mon peope want to know . boycottsaudiarabia	2
don t let john cena go down on me don t let the sun go down on me replacesongtitleswithjohncena	0
jean u c tomorrow is free kissing day ! nothing . just wanna tell you that	1
tickets will be sold at the dance tomorrow for current ahs students only . visitor tickets will already have to be bought and approved .	0
and that s gonna conclude my live tweeting thursday with the nirvana marathon . thanks for tuning in ! livetweetingthursday	1
the hulk hogan story effectively ended by friday afternoon . instead of disappearing hogan going on defensive retweet spree . bad pr move .	2
i mean apparently he was the guy who got the mets hooked on the very cookies david wright served tues .	1
it looks like carly fiorina is going to do the full ginsburg on the sunday morning news shows . trump will do all but fox . lol .	0
cbs says andy rooney will make his final weekly minutes appearance on this sunday s edition via	0
lol ? lady gaga is attending britney s concert tonight . she s in an arena full of britney fans . we really did make her brave	1
brook lopez with a double double in the rd netsnation	0
dreamed i was and i spent the night making out with jay z at a lower east side rooftop party until the sun came up .	1
good morning chaps . if claire can make it all the way through jurassic world in heels i can make it through monday .	1
 th vid on ig . tell me what do you think . bad blood taylor swift	0
internet came back tuesday night . still some power out in the area but schools are back up and running	1
 bulls season tips off wednesday night vs sacramento kings . excited is not the word . frustrated is the right one . . .	2
i m gonna drop it by before you get home . i ve got a meeting tonight so i m dropping the boy by to sanchez before . 	1
hey ! the release for ps and xbox one is the st and the pc release will be at the th ! 	0
sir if you looked in the mirror st thing in morning and saw rahul gandhi what will be your first thought ? askanupamanything	0
vb ue drops to on the season after a sweep at wichita state tonight u c u c . aces play at missouri state tomorrow .	0
they may have but he is down to nc state and baylor	0
rt nigga u movin to italy . yea my nigga imma call ya tomorrow and rap with you bout it .	0
bioshock infinite release date february . would you kindly . . . . just get here u c already !	0
happy halloween juniors ! be sure to stay on campus today ! help us gain class points as we are currently tied with seniors for nd !	1
doom robeen . have you seen these wonderful katy perry images ? you may want to check 	1
it is not too late to sign your k th grade child up for the little tornadoes reading club at the dover public . . .	1
someone go with me to midway next friday morning so i don t get kidnapped . i ll buy red bull and sing you s hip hop classics .	0
 st episode of arsenal podcast i guested alongside and check it out !	1
hope i get free tickets for the concert in ohio june st . d hopeful desperate .	1
christianity isn u t just a sunday thing	0
 . lt arguably one of frank gifford s biggest fans your love for him was legendary . . .may he rip	1
carly fiorina may have a spot on the cnn debate 	1
rahul gandhi at the st plenary session of indian national trade union congress intuc in delhi rgwithworkers	0
look up riot fest in chicago in may . lets pregame hard and go to it	1
leaving on sunday . . . but i still have a jason aldean ticket for ! ! ! let me know if ya want it	0
if you want to put junk bonds into your ira you may benefit from working with a financial advisor . . a human one 	0
the hub channel is it is f ing awesome ! thurs night lineup from am on transformers gi joe new batman alf ! i dont want to sleep !	1
aug th ufc rio . .anderson silva vs yushin okami last man to beat him . .expect to see the best fighter on the planet put on a fucking show !	1
loving friday with jason aldean on today ! jasonaldeantoday	1
the greatest thing about tomorrow is i will be better than i am today . tiger woods aldubbattleforacause	1
but miley what is good ? i think nicki needs an answer on her desk by tomorrow morning if you wanna keep ya scalp .	2
was he tired ? will he going to recant tomorrow ? mt scott walker has message for i m not scared walker 	0
omg the music video comes out tomorrow ! btw i still can u t get over harry u s voice u 	2
we may be next to last in time zones but we re first in the summer olympics and we all know that s what really matters .	1
historic canoe journey to protect the salish sea and stand against kinder morgan u s pipeline expansion project sept st	0
should play april u s mom . so the great kristin chenoweth can also be on . what an amazing episode that could be !	1
wichita st . with errors in innings . i imagine veteran coach gene stephenson is boiling in the dugout . msu lead u c bottom nd .	2
remember this coming sunday november th daylight savings time ends and you get an extra hour of sleep ! 	0
about last night kris bryant wins a wild one with walk off home run in the th . cubs photos 	1
since seth rollins has stolen finn balor s sling blade and his finisher he may as well steal his entrance . . . bgsummerslam	2
almost recovered from riot fest . . . . sunday night ended righteously eating vegan pizza with iggy and the stooges at their trailer !	1
for me it s ok if duffman finishes nd behind kris bryant i really like him for nlroy but if he wins it i ll be happy 	0
i got the bronco game and chris brown on sunday lol	1
a few of the pictures i personally took at metlife on wednesday . tried getting you good pics of him	1
tomorrow is support the packers day at work . i may wear this little diddy . . .	0
this nigga the next frank ocean . shit aint never cominn out	2
not going to be able to watch tvd live ! ! ! ! ! i have two fucking tests tomorrow and a lit homework . fml	2
buddhist meditation even though the body may yield to death the mind in a state of nirvana does not die . buddhadasa bhikkhu	0
as long as i get dunkin tomorrow morning i should be good for the school day	1
cristiano ronaldo we are real madrid so we are going to win against atletico this sunday . wise words from the best player in the world !	1
caitlyn jenner may be charged with manslaughter after a fatal malibu car crash	2
this may sound sad but i ve gotten so used to not having david wright play w the nymets that im ok if he doesn t return .	2
the only head line i wanna see about nicki tomorrow tbqh	1
took me ten clicks to figure out where to early vote in colorado . that site doesn u t say what you need to bring . c u mon u c	2
redlicki tahir are set to play wichita state duo of gregurovic nicol at pm et in the st round of doubles . tulsaita goduke	1
the kanye in israel tweet may have been the worst tweet i ve ever read in my life	2
primitive scum the lot of you . . . .one no better than the other . . .if islam is the cause may islam burn	2
they are both jealous of the other . calli came over and laid down in my lap so cole sat on the couch beside	2
wait for the island show tomorrow is shawn gonna be doing his full set or just some songs	1
tomorrow we will have to listen to or scott walker walkbacks as usual . and the press will eat it up . what a failure all around .	2
open golf championship live tomorrow from pm in the terrace amp on the big screen in the rineanna bar can paul dunne become open champion ?	0
on a break from the law world . . . at roskilde festival soaking up pre fest sun and writing a piece on danish ethos !	1
can t wait for tomorrow s headline nicki beats the hell out of miley at vma after party 	1
we u re playing with jim white on tuesday ! static on the radio por favor ? via dcshows	0
thank you cole for being the th like ! d	1
had a few emails about my storck adrenalin the chap clearly new feck all about carbon and bikes in general .i may have to brake it for spares	0
galaxy note event scheduled for august it seems as though samsung will be launching the galaxy note . . .	1
going to pick myself up at ps on the th me thinks	0
gucci bags shadow equanimity february housebreak the bilateral thine definite far out complement towards exper . . .	0
can t wait tomorrow the new nash and skylynn video	1
coddyy ! ! ! ! i m coming to see you at the kirby center in wilkes barre on december th ! 	1
selena gomez amp kris jenner may have teamed up amp weirdly that s not the . . . bustle selenagomez	0
he s my sun he makes me shine mtvstars lady gaga	1
lmao snottsdale az sluttiest place . i don t think gelndale should get nd give it to the tempe giiiiirls .	2
is wikipedia more reliable than the encyclopaedia britannica ? worth a nd thought for librarians and young researchers 	1
you may not be allowed to speak to justin bieber unless you re spoken to what is this joke	0
do you know how i can meet ed sheeran tomorrow ?	1
q . philip rivers pass to eddie royal to the new orleans for yards . st .	0
bitch please ! ! ! who u d you call a joke ? i bet the only gun you ever held was netanyahu u s th thumb	2
last day in melaka with skh u c have to go home tomorrow . memories can not be forgotten . . i love you skh .	1
lets be honest jay z was the st nigga to get bodied by a singing nigga frank ocean 	0
nah it was there for a few years . breaking bad first couple of seasons of got hannibal mad men st season of true detective st	0
sisi is a tyrant trying to suppress any possible islamic uprising . may allah grant the muslims victory over this dog .	2
retweeted the cheapest heat breaking just announced that sting will open monday s . . .	1
you think aj is a st rd pick in the league ?	0
if brock lesnar wins this sunday im going to f annie through the coffee table . . . summerslam	0
deadpool the game coming to ps and xbox one in november awesome 	1
so i may have disturbed some of the other filmgoers at magic mike xxl when i squealed just a bit at scene .	1
it s alright after we beat the vikings on sunday we ll only be a game behind the pats	1
paul dunne at very possible that he ll be tied for the lead heading into tomorrow .	0
who will go see magic mike xxl with me before i leave on the st ? ? ?	0
i will ! i just won u t be at star tomorrow night friday . but half our staff and dj will be working at bang too lol .	0
my predictions for the apple event apple have bought tesla uber and google cars as of tomorrow car ownership is now a thing of the past .	0
going to berkmar game friday ?	0
i ll explain tomorrow son but basically shorty sold my xbox not to mention all my games but just know we back amp she ll get hers	0
own goal is in unreal form . scoring goals for fun . just hope he comes back injury free . england and arsenal s th man .	1
my parents just told me that i m going to a gay marriage tomorrow .	0
you want someone to fix your xbox ? what u s wrong with it ? let us know more and we may be able to help ! lb	0
friday night lights west liberty mediapolis pulling for you comets !	1
i believe this was from the charlie hebdo attack . current attack happened friday night .	0
trial date of october set for ghoncheh ghavami the woman imprisoned in iran days ago for trying to watch men s volleyball	0
fuck the talent show lets go to the basketball tournament on friday at richard bland to support kenston forest	2
people are making it seen like ashton has ebola like i understand appendicitis is bad but c mon guys calm down	2
hope that the rd hospital don t end up like fashion king . interesting in the first few episodes . but after that 	1
my first ipod was a rd gen everyone else had iphone s at the time .	0
free trial of nba league pass until nov th check it out on	0
calling all colts fans ! ! ! ! your sunday just got better ! colts game watch with yours truly this sunday	1
interview with devon alexander speed kills video on tuesday oct th we had the privilege of catch up with . . .	0
rt looking forward to celebrity juice tonight !	1
i want to see jason aldean tomorrow night thanks for noticing that	1
this may be the stupidest season of big brother yet . everyone can see what s going to happen ! no one has balls ! makeamove	2
 grantatdigifest please please she doesnt have any other way to go digi and see you c mon her bbday is the day be 	1
it s pretty sad rooney may be the last one for a long time now unless players like sterling kane stones wilson	2
i think i may have an obsession with demi lovato s laugh . im pretty sure i do .	1
dethklok is having a tour they u re coming to chattanooga dec with machine head . black dahlia murder and atr . i u m going 	1
yeah on october the english version is gonna come out in america on naruto s birthday	0
john cena vs seth rollins the winner take all . . . this sunday at summerslam . . .	0
blossom is currently chilling as the th best selling vinyl on amazon behind iron maiden pink floyd gilmour and presley . madness .	0
going on an undetermined adventure tomorrow so yeah i saw paper towns tonight .	1
everybody chill sony may have a separate global flagship phone in the works unfortunately there are techupdates	0
a script by the coen brothers . alan rickman naked . just a few of the things going for u gambit u out nov st . . . .	0
taylor doesn t give a shit about my country even katy perry will be here tomorrow . .katy perry	2
good day ! and to mak it even better my clothes from american eagle came in ! church tonight too ! 	1
yeah i know but i want to know when the rd generation moto g will be available to buy	0
war criminal tony blair backs war like the big war mongering monster he is	2
bernie sanders is right saudi arabia is more focused on the conflict in yemen than fighting isis via politifact	0
jason russell interview with oprah is sunday . . . let see if the gay question comes up . because him being in the closet it just sad .	2
may allah bless erdogan with wisdom and capacity to move forward .	1
clt i am willing to bat at any number u c says rahane mumbai ajinkya rahane on thursday insisted he does not have . . .	0
this is from the charlie hebdo attacks that took place on january th	0
my favorite part of straight outta compton was when ice cube said friday was going to be funny .	1
oh the ignominy for boris liam fox beats him to th place in tory leadership survey . osbourne javid may st .	0
best thing about thursday is celebrity juice 	1
i bet liam wrote fools gold and niall wrote nights changes while harryandlouis sat in the back of the room making out	0
these pssa s are just gonna be the icing to another horrible monday . fmlll ihateschool	2
only net hits at fenway as the blue jays and red sox are in the top of teh th deadlocked 	0
i have question . did you actually sing the song waiting for the sun by approaching nirvana ? ? ?	0
vip trip with miss usa tn july was awesome . writing the book it s christmas again published by tate was worth my journey . order book now .	1
bedtime . going to dayton at tomorrow to meet with the head of the visual arts department for a private q a tour .	0
thank you to all of our parents guidance staff for our annual academic signing day on thursday ! i u ll post photos soon !	1
troops may be needed in syria says senior mp as refugees continue to flee the country a senior tory tells s . . .	0
make sure to be part of the upcoming eurofm members meeting in milan ! networkwithfmprofessionals	1
valentine ? ! . . .it ain t even close to february yet . . .	2
 since ira is calling it may be for something different . rp	0
dustin johnson is leading the pga but don t worry . saturday is only days away	0
derby u s in may my marathon can happen anytime of the year lol	0
 those costumes are for purim . and purim u s in march ! schmidt nails the jewish quotes every time .	0
it u s fucking friday ! so it u s only right to bump friday by flatbush zombies at ignorant levels	2
just in case you need some inspiration today . steve jobs stanford commencement address via	1
it seems right back is a problem at the minute . shotton was awful on tuesday .	2
washington wisconsin gov . scott walker r a staunch advocate of beefing up security on the southern border said sunday he is open to	0
freaked out this morning cause i thought it was friday . eomma asked me if i missed something . naruto mum . i thought i missed this weeks ep .	0
true blood tonight ! always the best night of the week .	1
gothic rock . . . i wonder if new model army ever thought about covering u s hit sunday bloody sunday !	0
about bricks just cascaded from a building on nd between nd st onto water system of hilton hotel tudor hotel . scary	2
this may be the worst season of big brother bb will someone please make a big move !	2
join me and on sept after the close ! fun webinar after labor day	0
unho ne btaya tha k wo rd day of eid madine jaengy wheen hongy i think	0
presents dethklok with machine head u c all that remains u c and black dahlia murder ! tuesday u c november th at the venue at the hub !	0
your also a wwe pro wrestling fan ? i hope we the feud between the undertaker vs brock lesnar is over after sun summerslam ?	1
i wonder if by that time briana finally had the baby	0
uncle john s band by grateful dead is nowplaying in the sun lancaster . download it now at	1
how about the sc state fair on october th and you perform with shawn . that would be a dream come true tbh	1
tsipras will announce the resignation of his gov at . through tv . prime minister for month st time for gr a woman mrs thanou judicial	0
how excited i was because dec th i was going to see asking alexndria u c ss and mmf but i came home and found out what	2
i think fashionpulis is just using toni gonzaga para mas marami magbasa ng site niya . parang every month may false story siya about toni !	2
we should have listened to zayn about the st of august	0
hear he halved oil price brokered iran deal made the us fed raise rates amp diverted fuel tankers on the high seas	2
im sure it will replay on nfl network tomorrow too .	0
kurt cobain has been dead for years and he s dropping a solo album in november and i m still waiting for frank ocean s new album	2
before there was michael strahan sitting there with kelly there was frank gifford	1
i still don u t understand the joke behind motor boatin u . . . . . .i u ll ask tom tomorrow morning . wink wink 	2
lmaooo not even it was most def in like th grade i think ? when i went to berkmar !	0
no pain no gain balls deep sweet chin music hbk got us all da way turnt up . . .hair weave killa dont sweat it tomorrow we ll get you permed up	0
you ll be able to buy marvel s ant man the art of the movie slipcase on august .	0
lazy saturday post cricket season . keeping an eye on eastern province v kwazulu natal inland on cricinfo but can t say it s doing it for me	2
seeing england play for the first time when i went to them play the barbarians at twickenham in may	0
being as though i m a teenager it s saddening to be at my breaking point already with these christians as well .	0
jessica made her first public appearance as the head designer of blanc amp eclare at lane crawford s st anniversary event in shanghai china !	0
oh i remember that one . pretty good . the one that s your nd favorite is my fav from the original naruto .	1
david price has a lead in the th so basically this game is over	0
 . alleges that lexus dealers are besieged with haggling averse millennials eager to pay asking price 	0
cant wait for the ucla midnight madness tomorrow night	1
come join us this coming sunday and help us support living yoga during woodstock gives back ! it s going to be . . .	0
yes u c my friends revenge from sunday u s game chelsea have crushed manchester united with five versus quad	0
happy rd day of mcgi international thanks giving to god of israel mcgithankstogod	1
the undertaker must defeat this sunday ! brock lesnar has nothing to prove but the undertaker on the other hand . .does ! ! wwe	0
the deadman makes no apologies about what he s done to brock lesnar . . . or what he s about to do at summerslam .	0
am i to understand that you as weather experts are saying that sharknado may be based on science that is not sound ?	0
udhav should know that modi ruled gujarat for years what you have done except mar pit amp only to say marathi manus even not accepted .	2
haha we re off round claytons now then the rising sun later !	0
carly fiorina on the rise after thursday night s debate she amp trump are like oil and water .	1
coulthard says alonso may have lost some leverage in negotiations with mclaren f 	2
sitting in the sun listening to nipsey hussle	0
reduction ad erdoganum op ed on the unbearable lightness of blaming erdogan for all that troubles turkey up next monday in	0
ios at the moment gonna upgrade tomorrow cbb tonight	0
breaking news amp owaisi to fast until death from am tomorrow for yakub s clemency . if hung both going to saudi on way ticket .	0
jersey shore begins in spain today ! ! i can t wait at the night !	1
 . prez has weakened us taken down missile shield st thing ! shut nasa flooded us with muslims enemy israel .	2
hungry ? off your bill if you show your membership badge amp phoenix comicon program at majerle s bar amp grill nd st . and washington sm	1
av has offensive rebounds with minutes left in the rd . that u s a good month for brook lopez .	1
a primer on madonna s rebel heart tour the tour kicks off at the bell centre on wednesday and thursday .	0
c mon now . we all know logic aint on kendrick s level . . yet . he has mad potential tho . ask me again in years	0
so sad to hear about pavol demitra the other khl players tragic passing in the plane crash today . absolutely terrible news .	2
keep in mind tsipras st state visit after elections was pope francis in the vatican . tsipras an atheist representing orthodoxy .	2
um . . .sir i ll concede that your daughter may be a rising star . rahul gandhi though ? god save us all if he continues to rise	0
 u these birds dont buy the sun u banner at the carling cup final for mikey dye and the dontbuythesun	0
kane and walcott both come off bench to score on saturday then get rewarded by . . . . . .errrrrrr sitting back on the bench woyproblems eng	0
leblanc was nominated for an emmy and won a golden globe u c so that may have something to do with it .	0
 kissmyassgreendaythebest metallica iron maiden ac dc avenged sevenfold killswitch engage miss may i the best .	1
model search tomorrow between am . pm at westfield parramatta . applications available on the day .	0
attn athletes did you just finish your am run ? we now offer yoga for athletes every tues at noon with briana ! it s the best recovery .	1
david price taking to the mound for the bluejays tonight . since august he s been reliable as expected amp then some	0
london ap prince george celebrates his second birthday on wednesday and while he s just a toddler he s al . . .	0
i watched october today . awesome movie a blockbuster ! kunle afolayan never disappoints . d lord will bless u with better ideas .cheers !	1
huge business trip for the team . match in philly tomorrow at against drexel	0
andre berto enters saturday at amp buster douglas thinks berto has the tools to pull the upset off against floyd mayweather	0
 nowplaying five years david bowie the rise and fall of ziggy stardust and the spiders from mars th anniver	0
new batman comes out tomorrow . the return of joker . there is a lot of things on the web about batman right now . . . .	0
a triple bogey on no . sidetracked tiger woods in the but a tie for th place at under constitutes progress . pgatour	1
france passed a law authorising intrusive surveillance in the aftermath of the charlie hebdo attack 	0
confirmed ice cream sandwich finally coming to the droid bionic tomorrow u c october th	1
brock lesnar s return to msg to air live on the wwe network it was announced on sunday night during summersla . . .	0
in post debate rasmussen poll carly fiorina breaks top while huckabee would ve landed in the early debate .	1
 skatenight tonight pm stardust skate center free b pm hosted by saab its always fun when you rolling ! ! ! haha x 	1
the next pixel dungeon update for steam and ios with a lot of new features and improvements will be released on september th .	1
browns force aaron rodgers and the packers to go out on st possession . browns are better than the steelers at one thing at least .	1
between college football big brother and impractical jokers tomorrow night i m not gonna be able to leave the tv .	0
i told mom that when we go to florida saturday its gonna be hours of justin bieber and adele . . .she s just gonna have to deal with it	1
i like pumpkin muffins from dunkin ! would thursday or friday be good for you ? ?	1
sunday talk shows rush to find carol loomis number rt carly fiorina is climbing . now in the top ten 	1
 people could have seen brian cushing since its st mention until it became a trending topic . trndnl	1
i remember charlie hebdo the world stood still in a million man march for them . even the nigerian space too joined and forgot our own ills	1
i liked a video ricky gervais talks th anniversary the office with brad blanks in new york city	1
i u m going to everclear at backstage live in san antonio u c tx nov 	0
im too young to die i haven t even met zayn but then again the internet b lying sigh	2
i just heard the bee gees more than a woman blaring at dbs in the street in front of my apt . its saturday night in the city lol	0
falcao makes it in the th minute . he is on the red team . i refuse to call them the red stars and black masters .	2
guys the girl of your dreams may not come in size . ladies the man of your dreams may not look like thor . love someone for who they are .	0
and i are hosting a blood drive this wednesday from the milan municipal building !	0
check out my email campaign free wifi christmas menu sunday night with andy lee at	0
why would i steal mejibray and kiryu stuff ? i don t listen to them but i may mess with the shipping so it will arrive late hahaha	2
i think sitting on the very st row watching magic mike xxl was the best idea ever . . .	1
my bulls play tomorrow . .without drose but it s ok . a true fan sticks with his team no matter what . ! bulls	1
who else is going to the chris brown tour this thursday chrisbrown onehellofanighttour	1
gonna stay over in leeds for wednesday tho to get my fix of the eternal city	0
feeling frisky ? thursday is national hot dog day . we have a dog to fit whatever mood you re in . put your . . .	1
unpopular opinion but i don t get the hate for u or nickelback ? they may not be the greatest ever but i like both .	1
fly to the sky to go back after a year on september oh ! kpop stars celebrity news and gossip !	1
everyone around here in ohio has heroin and pill problems not marijuana problems ! c mon john kasich get real .its the street drugs killing us	2
brandon roy u s return and derrick williams u role may determine if the timberwolves take the next step .	0
and it just makes tiger woods look even worse than he may be .	2
well it s sunday . does everyone feel better this morning ? everton will be ok .	1
looking forward to preaching at plant city u s first baptist sunday pm . new city church will be baptizing into the kingdom . praise god	1
watching sharknado with kaden . this is the nd one i guess . . . surprising .	1
gazza ramirez cork back and we ll do well . then add some defenders in january and we ll climb up the league .	1
if by christians you mean labor unions then sure .	0
this man made up my mind to oppose brexit when he told tsipras to hold his head high betteroffin	1
name the story and season . alien world . th doctor tegan and turlough the tardis splits up tractators name the . . .	0
had a dream i arrived at sjp an hour before kick off sat in the gallowgate penalty area talking to pardew about our club . he was lovely .	1
were on just before yee at castlepalooza next sat . deezer stage though . buzztown ! there s a good crew about that day	1
tomorrow is a new day tho so it s gucci	0
bryant s huge homer ties cubs rookie marks kris bryant s rd home run of the year an pitch off d backs . . .	0
floyd mayweather may be a good boxer but he sure is a terrible human being .	2
definitely wish i could catch this tomorrow night . dare night lockdown at the gladstone hotel .	1
 hawks fam u c twitpic your halloween costume to win a pair of tickets to see the hawks defeat the rockets this friday	1
x factor u c home made goodies u c jacuzzi and sacha baron cohen . perfect saturday evening with	1
i don t want to wake up tomorrow without zlatan . galatasaray	0
liverpudlian david price defeats matt skelton in the nd round to defend his british amp commonweath heavyweight titles .	1
elegant and intimate ben sollee at the carnegie center december .	1
i liked a video sen . bernie sanders joins ed schultz news and commentary friday the th of september	0
 jedward wins the last at newmarket . tom segal of the racing post will be back tomorrow to preview every race at the julyfestival . racing	1
gotta feel for paul dunne the guy finished as the th amateur after having the hole lead .	0
mvp saturday night is gonna be my boy the speed on the outside and his cut back ability . .lsu will have their hands full bbn	1
taylor swift just waved at a boy and he didn t wave back so now she s got a new album coming out tomorrow .	0
apparently we should have negotiated with real madrid despite them not actually submitting a bid for until sunday .	0
everyone pls come check out necie s carnival tomorrow ! ! ! we sell all the food you buy at a carnival funnel cakes hot dogs nachos more ! !	1
what s ur take on job stoops is doing uk ? to a missed call away from and sole possession of st in the east	0
beyonce ain t been doing shit but she s been rising ever since sat	0
so ? they put tebow in the top and a fucking fullback in the top . btw ray lewis was rd on the overrated thing . yup . . .	2
gonna lay out in the sun and listen to calibraska all day	1
starting off our tuesday we have one from idea . bee gees with down to earth	0
ps firmware . as some of you may know sony is releasing the . update for the ps sometime in the near	1
me saturday league match or the chelsea game decisions . . .	0
becoming the wmd capital of europe is scotland s union dividend says george osborne followed by evil cackle .	0
meet us at chalmers tomorrow evening pm a righteous girl meeting take sum time out your day to have sum christian girl talk . . .	1
dee dee ramone u s exhibition of visual work opens tomorrow ! dee dee shepard fairey prints for sale at the opening ! friday pm pm	1
seeing straight outta compton amp ant man tomorrow is the move . . gotta decide on a rd movie as well .	1
david wright baby ! ! ! already . . st at bat and takes it to upper deck	1
all the jack and jack girls ain t gonna have no chill when calibraska comes out tomorrow .	2
sharknado comes out tomorrow and i think i m going to cry with happiness	1
until you throw undertaker vs underfaker at it . thanks for the idea i may try it .	1
the sound of sunday with bee gees alive webradio internetradio	1
champs heat u c mvp lebron u c coach of the year doc rivers u c rook of the year damian lillard u c th man ginobili u c most improved lamar odom	1
about mins left b we close the poll . who would u like see on the dec cover of cleo ? kirsten stewart nina dobrev or jennifer lawrence ?	0
wabasha got into the silica sand brouhaha tuesday in hearing on cup for a sand loading site . the sand question will be with us for years .	0
rangers of josh hamilton back in lineup friday vs . rays after missing games with sore left knee espn 	0
my bet for tomorrow is going to be eden hazard to score first and chelsea win cfc	1
olive garden u s dinner today dinner tomorrow special u c for the person who thinks hey u c that was terrible ! wonder what it u s like microwaved ? 	2
too bad its purpose was to demonize plannedparenthood and muslims making it a sort of reverse mlk march	2
highkey considering going to the justin bieber concert in may dontjudgeme	0
where to buy minimalist vintage and kim kardashian pins on the internet 	0
im getting a new phone tomorrow . thinking about getting the galaxy note 	1
the only pandora stations to choose from at my work are ed sheeran coldplay amp jack johnson i may commit suicide before the end of the day	0
rt please vote for arsenal gaming im st on every wii ladder and want to hold it	0
christians little brother told me the randomness shit today th graders have interesting minds	0
listen kendrick hard but that last album was weak af yal can remove yal lips from his dick cause the st album was wayyyyyy harder	0
new york man plotted to harm muslims obama with x ray device prosecutor	0
aston villa are a joke mate and so is your profile pic u may wanna hit the gym b u head to the bridge w your bitch slaps jogon	2
paul mccartney is coming to buffalo october ! guess who is going to be out of town that week . . . . . . . .me fuck	2
i u m so happy for she is finally showing the world what she gots ! blake u c hey monday u c and now just cassadee pope ! 	1
imho it may not be the nsa we should worry about . windows is the end of cloud free computing via	1
tomorrow is the day when rumours about the new iphone day after is the day when rumours about the next iphone will start . waiting for that	0
 nd the fuck of all georgetown has been running this same offense for like years . these muthafuckas can t even win the big east	2
make sure you join our live interfacespeaks google hangout tomorrow amp talk all things ecodesign at pm gmt 	1
c mon guys i want to see more insanity . ask them to take a position on hulk hogan or something .	0
i know one thing i can do tomorrow . . write a blog post about my newly discovered love for vampire diaries !	1
just walking to the victor ! happy st birthday lauren !	1
mcgregor promised dana white he d knock aldo out in st round . highly doubt it but he ll throw everything at proving himself right	0
beyonce performance all the way onto sunday . i saw u sunday keisha . lmaaaaoooo	1
victims are late . . with mukul rohtagi there is no chance that yakub will be hanged on st . .	2
when you get reality check on th day of eid .	0
ancelotti has declared james ronaldo bale and benzema as his quartet vs . barcelona on the th	0
no footy as wednesday . . . .you know thursday is spurs day white hart lane stadium 	0
weird but signs of ukip votes going back to the lib dems ?	0
it ends in a draw . nu gives itself a chance for a share of the big ten title should michigan state lose on saturday b gcats	1
rt . . . . . . . . . .so far wr titus young is the only one of the lions top three picks in april still standing . 	0
 nd letter from paul to the destitute christians in corinth . what a letter of encouragement .	0
juat an fyi the not afraid picture is from the charlie hebdo attack in january . none the less pray paris	0
if i don t go to school tomorrow then it s carters fault turnupwithcarter	2
on november and th the black is back coalition for social justice u c peace and reparations is sponsoring a . . .	0
thnx for the follow ! the chronicles of jan sound hilarious ! love the tribe of periscopes . very douglas adams .	1
i am not allowed to listen to nirvana around alexander because he may not like my music . he is weeks old he doesn t care ? ?	2
 st scotus pisses off christians with gay marriage law then rightly jails kimdavies for breaking it ! bravo	2
undertaker may in fact be killed tonight by brock lesnar . summerslam	2
we are playing a one off hip hop based set without danny this saturday at plan b u c brixton u c alongside the dub ratz . . .	0
flashback friday let s make it about music today ! july was the day bob dylan s like a rolling stone went . . .	0
valencia passed their st big test of the season against atleti . based on that can you see them	1
just sat through my first seminar u c uni was not made for me ! now to see what plymouth is saying tonight !	0
joaquim rodriquez may have missed out on the pink jersey but he is top of rankings by over points from tom boonen procycling	1
yelawolf is still the best yelawolf billy crystal feat rockcity on screen lyrics via dgitjustbecause he took th	1
are you going to extend the bo beta till monday like you did with the ps for xbox one and pc	0
im going to lunch with grammy and kels soon then running some errands for tomorrow and studying for my exam	0
 funfacts about arlene foster st dup leader to have been involved in an ira bomb . st dup leader to hail from west of the bann .	2
yashan from bbc the vpn access on ios may be limited during china s military parade ? any chance to have a chat on that ?	0
kang ho dong has come back . on october u c kang appeared in the main building of sbs in order to do a shooting . . .	0
carly fiorina game on carly fiorina explained on fox news sunday this morning that the presidential race . . .	0
dunkin may be discontinuing the iced apple cider for fall and the basic bitch in me is crying . . . .	2
ha . . . just got tickets for foo fighters with mads tomorrow night . can t wait .	1
from satellite images u c it appears that muscat may get some thundershowers tonight	0
still sad about jan hooks but is it too soon to say that waitress sketch was terrible ?	2
would you interested in a five a side footy tournement jan at warners with sean dalee its my lads dance crew ?	1
thank god its friday rick ross da boss live in lagos tonite at eko hotel .come link up with me .	1
it u s now or never u c ita now or never ! that is why he is the best of his kind . may not play for us but hats off to ray lewis thegreatest	1
moto g rd gen the best budget phone ?	0
tomorrow december is proclamationday in queensland amp friendsofnewstead with invite all to attend at twilight . free .	0
could be similar to drose as the seed his nd year in . don t know if the cavs can make a jump like the bulls to but still	2
either a sheamus cash in tomorrow or seth rollins should give someone the u .s title summerslam	0
just close your eyes the sun is going down . you ll be alright no one can hurt you now . taylor swift	1
the fact that the village of kiryas joel chose to meet on the sunday night of labor day weekend to . . . deeproots	0
also will be helping host the gameover basketball hs showcase sat jan rd . no coaches book . just come . featured game sshore vs curtis	0
anyone can come over to my house on october th and watch harry potter deathly hollows pt . and as long as you bring a smile	1
photo we are lucifers hi . .notice ! ! th of seprember will be realesed the new album band iron maiden . . .	0
jeonghan looks like one of the characters in twilight wearing that hoodie tho	1
i m going to sing different summers on monday by mitchie torres demi . .	0
black friday by kendrick lamar is the filthiest shit i ever heard	2
sunday column give us back the real scott walker 	0
yea but since it s such a short notice b g is the simplest thing to do . haha but decades tuesday don t sound too bad .	1
why am i not surprised that you blame mufc for real madrid leaving ddg bid till the th hour ?	0
new event ! join us nov in atlanta ga to learn more about ibm pureapplication systems amp tour the georgia dome .	1
the foo fighters may be my favorite concert ever . it s one of the only times i ve truly felt the energy between the band and crowd .	1
michael dyer fucked his career up so bad . could ve easily been a st round pick . now he s at arkansas baptist college isn t even playing .	2
should i go see ted tonight or tomorrow night	0
after today u s bet came in i u m feeling confident with tomorrow u s bet ath madrid u c juve u c napoli u c bayern munich u c porto comeon	0
it ll be checkmate soon and russia will control the board iran is already taking delivery of russian tanks may join brics !	0
kendrick and abel cleaning up grammy nominations new office with dope views and new latrell music on the way . . .big monday	1
miss universe org prez tells me trump won t attend sunday s miss usa event he s missed some in the past but he said recently he d be here	0
yeah ! ! ! ! may the force be with you just believe in yourself the team and don t forget you play for barca ! ! ! ! !	1
tomorrow ! scott walker essentially said black lives don t matter . not joking just saying . edweekly 	0
i have a ticket for sale to ed sheeran s melbourne concert on the th of december if anyone is interested or knows anyone who wants one ? 	0
i woke up to see the sun shining all around me . . . yoko kanno on pandora pandora	0
huge thanks to those of you who came out to my photography workshops today at terra nova !	1
does anyone know if blackstar from david bowie will be downloadable as a single or do we have to wait for the full album in jan ?	0
i seriously may be the only person who doesn u t like madonna	2
got my gt ! june is gonna be marsmonth ! berlin rock im park and rock the beach ! can t wait to see you again	1
james murphy best of luck tomorrow lil man . you u ll do great no doubts .	1
 st patricks day with u guys on script tour don t mind which is st last as long as hear the amazin i m yours	1
monday morning caltrain ride from home to work is always to short . i know that i may be in the minority with that opinion . fb	2
going hilton hotel on thursday for dinner cantwaitt	1
my icon may be seb and i may talk about seb but i am just as much chris evans trash as i am sebastian stan trash	2
very much looking forward to saturday . afternoon tea and firework display at the celtic manor .	1
bio on monday but i m reading this instead well bio and batman both start with b ! !	2
asiikk drt kung fu panda in d d both with indonesian subtitles tentatively scheduled to open on tues august isk	0
my sun jonathan major just called me from the georgia dome the miles college band will be performing there . . .	0
space sim elite dangerous comes to xbox one on october th we re still not sure when no man s sky is coming to ps but in the . . .	0
might go as wednesday adams from the adams family film thing i already have the costume	0
los poboycitos debut songs from the forthcoming cd tomorrow on wwoz . fm new orleans at noon cst .	0
 linuxcon attendees join ibm in the cedar room in minutes for a linux without limits meetup includes lunch 	1
bad girls club mexico . . .is so official now meaning most of the girls going off on each other . i can u t wait until monday . d	1
laying on the sofa with the fire on and watching the edinburgh derby will suit my sunday just fine . . hibsvhearts scottishcup	1
tgif ! drop the brown bag step away and come grab the best sandwiches in indy ! pastramionmymind indy sandwiches friday lunch	1
saw two bill boards with christmas on them and cvs had candy for christmas u c more days til black friday	0
i wont even see you in work saturday ! ! ! ! ! o nooooooooo ! ! ! !	2
so george osborne is to visit faslane trident tomorrow i hope many of you turn out to give him a warm welcome !	1
i just want it to be december and then soundwave	0
sep am yin yang yoga with andrea pm hand drumming class	0
kanye west sent taylor swift flowers . that must be his st political move . . taylor can really help him with her squad . d kantay 	1
i u ll see i have to go to timmonsville tomorrow afternoon and brandon u s gonna be with me u c so i u m not sure .	0
w yrs . this is going to b fun because i have note . samsung will announce galaxy note on august th	1
i think i posted surprise incest in the golden sun fanfic category once on valentine s day . i was a terrible person .	2
i may not always agree with kanye west but that s a guy who if he wants something he s going to do all that he can to get it .	1
it was just a man that executed a texas deputy if i may . . . seems a black and gay man can be outed when . . .	0
best in show paris fashion week roundup as all you betrenders know paris fashion week is coming to close today october rd . . . .	1
jennifer aniston takes the plunge is low cut u c sexy outfit . too much ? see ottawa sun photo gallery vote .	0
 st opportunity to earn a rap on the road tonight milan . let s get it done ! therealjz	1
at anderson u s in town . off to the sir thomas for a friends u gig tomorrow . do you get into liverpool much ?	0
little mix participate in rd episode from the st season of the reality show fashion styled to rock .	0
mark you calendar for june th catch me performing at the first annual earth festival ! be there !	1
attention juniors ! tomorrow is the last day to buy pep rally shirts . they are and you can buy them in all lunches and in room !	0
show tomorrow night at club pulse with projections u c above the broken a bunch more . only at pm . if . . .	0
repost microsoft s tv subscription if not rumored may launch with apple s icloud international business times	0
love the notion just note this was from the charlie hebdo attack in january not today s escapade .	0
pochettino should have started alli . he ll probably do a kane and keep him on the bench till november . might be too late for him this term	0
imagine if ether had dropped in the social media age . we may not have the same respect we do for jay z today .	1
paul dunne is playing lights out today at it would be awesome to see an amateur in contention coming down the stretch tomorrow	1
vitali klitschko may a person make clear this particular ?	0
didn u t br want to ship him out in the dempsey deal ? he u s th choice at min behind ll u c ja u c sg u c ns u c jj . who will take cole and co ?	2
a reminder from april as to why the majority of illegal migrants are followers of the barbaric cult of islam . . . .	2
bentley scores again amp jocelyn is for on extra points . cats up with left in the rd quarter . keep working cats ! !	1
good luck this sunday night vs the falcons but you can win the history is on or side and tony romo has never lost to them	1
missed at soundset due to tornado . now they are going to in dsm tomorrow . do i want to put up with crowds and spend more ?	2
yes i guess you do ! may i suggest that you have coffee with tom cruise for mission impossible for pointers 	1
hisd students perform gangnam style dance to get voters to polls hisd is working to get out the vote in november u c . . .	0
take a pic with on sunday plzzzzzzzzz ! ! ! ! ! ! the gays will die and go to gay glitter heaven ! ! ! !	2
louis niall harry liam zayn auditioned as solo artists on the x factor the boys became d and now their on their th album millionmemories	0
off to dunkin or j .c .o tomorrow with	0
 on a walk with rahul gandhi jobs k last monday a crowd of about a thousand people stood on a barren . . .	0
new theory frank ocean canceling is a pr stunt . he shows up with a heartfelt speech and drops his album on saturday	0
how about we fire john kasich into the sun instead ?	2
y u all tryna fuck with chapel hill tomorrow night ? ? ?	2
juventus and schalke might reach an agreement soon but it will most likely not be before tomorrow . intermediaries are still negotiating .	0
buenos aires dec reuters argentina s new government will not appeal a court s decision to strike down a deal with iran over	0
we re at paper towns tonight because thursday . i m not sure it s not still june . mom is excited about her peanut m amp ms .	1
never got into iron maiden . as with everything else i like only th of metal . not saying they re bad just not for me .	2
jason vernau live march th miami wmc pool party with robbie rivera friends by	0
let the debate begin eli or big ben when the steelers play the giants on sunday u c there will be something swirling . . .	0
 . . .may the god of israel who does not sleep nor slumber be with you and strengthen you in this trying times	1
i may pay for the wwe network that s how happy i am about john cena getting owned by the daily show guy .	1
values learnt in starting never ends . . . mr sanjay nirupam is feeling sad with rahul gandhi and he may go back to join shivsena ! a .k .singh	2
sam smith tomorrow with my little sister sure why not . lol	1
 good luck to our lynx boys against centre ! remember that everyone roots for the underdog i m feeling an upset tomorrow . 	1
i hope he s ready for brock lesnar on sunday .	1
could hit the rd console war with as you wrote about some of the characters that went over to sony s side .	0
the sun how the ira will take advantage of terrorist lover jeremy corbyn s reluctance to defend our shores 	0
tark may become another suleman rushdi as he thinks negativity rather positivity of islam which is also a abnormal phenomenon .	0
watching last nights red sox v yankees game before the derby match this afternoon .	0
so verlander is starting tomorrow against the indians and i have to stay over at work . booooooo	2
bake off strictly big brother x factor . it s the tv equivalent of reading the sun . what s wrong with us ? are we ashamed of intelligence ?	2
ready for the looe mini street party up on sunnybank . monday pm . cake quiche other retro tiffin eats ! all welcome .	1
george osborne today saturday september stated on sky news that the pure evil of assadism is responsible for the refuge problem .	2
brandenberg for three . . the guys that practice with the wbb team may get in this game at this rate letsgovcu	0
after reviewing my texts pictures from thurs sat u c i u m thinking that alcohol is the liquid form of cupid . i fall in love every weekend . oops	0
literally anxious abt the ipad pro announcement today . you gonna disappoint again apple or is it srsly the nd last product i ll need from u	0
won t be long before people will be trying to tell us saudi arabia and iran have nothing to do with islam	0
me amp nia was having the best convo about relationships today in nd block . me amp my nigga be gettin deep	1
when ira makes a prediction always go with the opposite team . belichick will find a way to win . . amp also my vikings sunday night	0
cowboys starters could play into the second quarter against san diego chargers on sunday night 	0
time to get nekkid with filter free friday only the original global iphoneography community mobitog	1
obama is a ditherer . or you can call him a deep thinker . both correct . but for the love of ebola do something .	2
homecoming weekend in statesboro and we will be playing at rum runners friday night . . . bring it ! !	1
zayn deserves so much to be happy . i d trade the moon for the sun if that could make him happy	1
so apparently today is carly fiorina sunday on all the talking heads show . this is a job for netflix !	0
okay so chris evans and rdj will be on jimmy kimmel tonight and if tomorrow i wake up to a civil war teaser i will lose all my chill	1
happy sixth of may u c or what u s referred to as national hate the inventor of the margarita day .	1
our celebration continues with this long interview with jim white u c who plays sat . at cats cradle for yr .	0
the truth by jason aldean may be the best country song ever	1
he may be the best choice for christians but he d be a better one if he wasnt so cuddly with israel . im referring	0
the little baby on the beach should be on the front page of every paper tomorrow but it won t be will it ? be some shite about big brother	0
rolling stone watchful eye gratuity seeing that celebrating the octave of april wiphbdute	0
umm i m in the debate right now . i m looking at the tribe party at the hardrock on thursday rave jouvert scorch cooler fete	0
i may have just left my dad to watch naruto alone while i go to sleep . im amused .	1
kris bryant that ball just said ouch ! that was a laser ! st bomb !	1
i got reggie wayne in the th then worked it and got miles austin in the th	0
 years in the seo industry proving st page rankings on google . free quote . seo google socialmedia	1
curtis is literally the mr . mosby of sep . i can see him saying no running in my commons 	0
i will never be okay with the fact i have to miss grey s and tvd every thursday night . .	2
tony blair the iraq war may have played a part in the creation of isis what will the war in syria create ?	2
i use to have about band shirts i may still have them in a box somewhere nirvana b mcr gd xd i want to find them now	0
why ? truth may hurt but there it is ! i support equality an gay marriage because of my faith !	0
let it be known that on this day the first of september in the year of i have bentley s approval	1
however asap rocky gets the title for sunday . . . unreal performance one of the best rap shows i ve seen . the nirvana . the fucking nirvana	1
eu reform george osborne visits paris for two day talks july from the section uk politics the chancellor . . .	0
perseverance is failing times and succeeding the th . julie andrews	1
kris bryant s sac fly brings home starlin castro to make it cubs in the th inning ! cubstalk	1
coffee at the ready . . . let s hit the road ! gameface friday sales	1
amazon . this amazing company sells anything available under the sun including cloud . absolute disruption .	1
it s the final day to get your tickets for our annual gala on sat . ! join us amp follow along online with rethinkinghunger nyc . . .	0
beohner got of what he wanted . fact dow down today and boehner owns every point . p fok maddow teaparty	0
govt rbi working on new policy framework rajan rbi governor raghuram rajan on thursday said the central ban . . .	0
sangam university bhilwara salutes nobel peace laureates to celebrate international day of the girl child oct 	1
come out and watch those guys softball next saturday august th for the colts softball tournament it would be great	0
the dark end of the love story when tsipras met varoufakis 	0
tiger woods relevant on a sunday for the first time in awhile . . .let s see what he does today .	1
today in james hunt takes the title battle to the last race by winning the us gp ahead of rd placed niki lauda	0
who s going to jason aldean on friday ?	0
franko s rbi single in the top of the st gives gray a heading to the bottom .	0
lovely last day at venice beach before coming home tomorrow venicebeach cali love	1
tgif ! so happy it s friday we are super excited for the weekend getting hooked up to try the athens solace and virture on saturday .	1
better suit up at the senior bowl friday night .	1
according to several sources the ufc is looking to re book jose aldo junior amp conor mcgregor in december at . . .	1
how jokes is it that edgar davids plays for barnet now and wtf happened in the leeds wednesday game tonight ? ! ? !	2
went to dunkin yesterday evening to get a pumpkin spice coffee and they said they ran out and won t have it back until friday .	2
this picture sums it all up ! i am headed on my nd earned trip with younique in just a few days . i got my . . .	1
onto the th season of greys anatomy .	0
tonight s game takes priority but come tomorrow it will be david price who takes centre stage bluejays yankees	0
it has a scene where ice cube sits at a lap top and says . . this his funny . . and his wife says you finished ? friday is dope .	1
can somebody please tell me why it says mnf during this preseason game on thursday .	0
g evening the savvy gorgeous author may ur life strive of affluent nirvana sagacious sass	1
 st match of the night its randy orton vs sheamus summerslam	0
just me that thinks it s fucking daft arresting oaps for killings on bloody sunday too long ago fuck the ira	2
tom brady may well become the first player to try to sue his way into the hall of fame . his legal maneuvers are ruining his legacy .	0
 celebrate your new arrival with a naming ceremony . meet at mum n baby fair colne valley garden centre huddersf d sun . 	1
hey mr . bennett i just read the blog on luker . may nc youth soccer reprint your article with your permission ? m . moore depdir	0
nobody takes away from ice cube because he wants to make a third friday movie he s earned it ! likewise knuckles .	1
i m going to be so sad if i get to go to niall s hotel again on saturday and he leaves like twenty minutes after i do again	2
i feel it is nd rate . mansbridge doesn t point out when harper s not answering the question . debaters would do that .	2
derby may no longer negotiate with police u c firefighter unions derby is considering a move that would end negoti . . .	0
my mommy just said she d give me to go to peru in march ! ! ! ! whoo whoo whoo !	1
janet jackson performs in miami on sept ! all roads lead to the magiccity ! get ur piece of the miami dream ? im here to help realestate	1
still in shock and saddened to hear of frank gifford s passing . may one of the great giants rip .	0
gotta get my copy of the rolling stone issue tomorrow and get dez to sign it . . . i gotta frame it	1
sting s in brooklyn . sunday night it s happening . it s happening ! summerslam	1
adam laroche was a late scratch from the white sox lineup on monday due to right patella tendinitis .	0
the vamps tour with hometown as support goes on sale this saturday at am !	1
you know you picked some good roommates when you all just kind of decide to watch twilight on a tuesday night during dead week	0
toyota hybrids only imply credits tickle the palm to december st rembwjogf	0
our new dance instructor for clubfitness has toured w beyonce ! ! ! you know our beyonce themed night is going to be crazy ! ! !	1
cliff avril on whether he would have been healthy to play on sunday lions on bye i would have played . 	0
it s september st and more days until niall s birthday and on his birthday it s going to be a year since i saw the boys for the wwat	0
ep psychobilly friday from space ! terminal signal psychobilly from mad sin nekromantix and the quakes ! . . .	0
arsenal submitted a bid this evening for scott dann . look like the move to lfc i talked about may be about to turn complicated	0
job on eid s rd day is fun man	1
tomorrow . . . i u m on the air live at on wjct radio . then on tv taping for good morning jacksonville at . excitingtimes	1
fans of both foo fighters and nirvana likely had that exacta in the th at saratoga watershed to come as you are	1
if monk goes who in our coaching staff will replace him in the interim ? kol ? curtis ? we may need a sweep of coaching staff too ?	0
to make matters worse these are dumbed down sat tests . thank the nea and big brother !	2
you can listen to kendrick when he rap about real shid . . .but can t listen to august alsina when he sings bout real shid . . . . . .funny	0
sorry about that i didn t see it ! i m going to peep the article are you gonna buy watchman tomorrow ? and yes by the way .	0
he said it was really obvious when it happens rumour mill to one side is mclaren obvious ? i thought he may go back	2
did you know that labor day was trending topic on tuesday for hours in greensboro ? trndnl	1
question . . . is ant man any good ? tempted to go watch it tomorrow	0
any idea or best guess when the ps digital download might go live on monday ?	0
i m only excited for the vmas because zayn may go if he doesn t i ll cry	1
 that way u c the orange bowl would always be a part of me . i think it was a wise choice . shit u c is it thursday yet ? game time !	1
may allah make us buy the best animal amp sacrifice at eid .	0
come join us at the owain tonight with discounted drinks and dj and don t forget buy one get one free on all sunday dinners tomorrow !	1
game of the nlcs and a rematch of the nfc championship game tomorrow . sf u s gonna be cuuuuhraaaaaaaazeeeee	0
hi chris windows is released in phases if you want to upgrade now you may refer to instructions sj	1
you know i exist ! yay ! i u m a big fan and so excited to watch mob wives in jan ! 	1
nothing like a trip to santa monica amp venice beach on the same sat . check out the pics of my trip with	0
 stoke beat hajduk split u c nd q round of the europa league . the potters u first game in the competition in years . thankyoutony	0
 llvm . is the nd release to incorporate contributions from my team at congrats to all involved ! 	1
forget the garlic u c the soup is disgusting ! thanks for nothing u c saturday kitchen .	2
hulk hogan and the wrestling boot band hulk rules cassette sealed unopened . end date friday . . . vinyl	0
while i was at taco bell i got to thinking about hannibal . i might not be ready to watch the finale but maybe i could watch the nd to last .	1
real madrid have asked keylor navas to cancel his flight out of madrid on monday as they try to include him in the deal that would finally	0
is it just me or does danny seem a lot like billy crystal in the first rd of when harry met sally ?	0
david wright with a line drive single in his nd at bat tonight . would come around to score on rbi single by amed rosario .	0
republican presidential front runner donald trump spent plenty of time thursday describing people he likes including kanye west and tom	0
meet recruiters from deloitte and touche llp fedbid irc and more at the job search crash course next tuesday 	0
stay in touch via yeah may b or obviously i d love to chat with wajbro whose tom cruise of pakistani media	1
juventus have sign cuadrado and presenting him like its the nd coming of del piero . why ? o	0
i just think when shawn dances to his own music it s hilarious	1
sting is on wwe monday night raw tonight	1
please stop acting how if you were a mariah carey update account .	2
we may not like it but red sox ate pitching bluejays properly . these inside pitches making them uncomfortable .	0
watched the cricket awesome game followed by jersey shore and seven dwarves ! great night of tv !	1
happy star wars day ! it s not may th but it feels like star wars day to me !	1
david wright s safe ! celebration while still sliding is going to be the cover of at least one of the nyc sports sections tomorrow .	1
is having a show nov th the house of blues friends or anybody hmu if u want to go thanks 	0
sting opens monday night raw ! stingonraw although with a crappy promo . nightofchampions	1
got a stat for you rangers have lost their last sunday games last one they won ? josh hamilton s walk off against boston .	0
 nd night parker has been on it . .boy oh boy	2
unreal i turn and second swing at the sats tomorrow	1
yest the state feared yakub may get more supporters through protests . today they have what they want . nothing to lose	0
edge of tomorrow is a well good film ! didn t know he directed that aswell . im just gonna ignore the critisisms of tom cruise	1
think sharknado is on netflix . while being a veggie today i may look for it . 	1
the cab is playing on xm and i may or may not have just started flailing .	1
the sun released fake articles that the boys are breaking up but then niall and louis confirmed they rnt	0
 wall st was amazon prime day a dud ? everybody was watching to gauge the impact of wednesday s amazon pr . . .	0
michael jackson doctor trial to begin jury selection thursday jury selection in the manslaugher case against dr . . .	0
 rd of august was such a nice day england lift ashes bolt won m and federer beats djokovic in cincinati .	1
please play toes by the zac brown band in honor of my vacation that starts next tuesday !	1
 milan appeared on monday at the th place in the top of stockholm s trends trndnl	1
i m working to make masked lumen and in march i ll go to cartoomics in milan with a big italian group for bayo	1
at the bottom left just west off the picture is the fullerton hotel where snsd stayed in dec .	0
friends of barca i m off on saturday to travel round spain so would like to see as many of you as possible . . .	1
looking forward to the nest prizefighter on nov rd at bethnal green light middleweights turn k bonus added for each ko u c incentive	1
someone convinced me to see ted saturday night . has anyone seen it ? and can it live up to the incredibly high standard set by the st one ?	1
monster truck show on th of july ? oh i think sooo ! kaboom show at the pomona fairplex tomorrow i hope its fun .	1
three white sox players will make their first starts of the year sunday vs . royals . updates via	0
lmao u c from a garage in boro . my mate went in for drink on sunday night but they wouldn u t serve him because it was too late u c so	2
david wright comes back tomorrow and that s all i really care about	1
ugh just learned a gilmore girls spoiler . does it still count as a spoiler if a show has been off the air for the life span of a st grader ?	2
manuel charr looks confident ahead of saturday clash vs . vitali klitschko charr didn u t look scared as he stared . . .	1
take a warm winter vacation in myrtle beach vacations made . . . ring in the holiday season at the st annual . . .	0
i just checked . eid is on the th	0
i watched sharknado oh hell no ! today and it was really really awesome ! better than nd better or on par with st . the hoff on the moon !	1
rt i just talked to melissa mccarthy . so happy she won last night . she called to offer me a role in bridesmaids .	1
independent electoral and boundaries commission iebc says all is set for monday u s by elections in the three constituencies .	0
went to work on saturday and someone had spray painted kony on the side of royal high school haha poor effort	2
see my article in and then see amy schumer at the bb amp t center this saturday	0
may th which i just realized is star wars day . so a leeeettle early but can still happen .	0
this may sound melodramatic u c but andrew breitbart dying was one of the worst shocks of my life .	2
donald trump didn t show up for the miss usa competition on sunday olivia jordan of oklahoma was crowned mi . . .	0
david wright the guy with the nice forearms is starting at rd tonight tellyourfriends	0
best of luck to the kerry minors tomorrow going for in a row would be a great achievement that shouldn t be overshadowed by football !	1
it solves part of the problem but the jigsaw still has some big gaps that need addressing by pm tomorrow ! enjoy barca !	1
that moment when sfgiants buster posey celebrated his rbi single against the stlcards game tomorrow pm	1
just saw milan v empoli happy for st win of the season but mid is terrible completely agree with miha s post match comments . acmilan	0
obama even changed the oath of allegiance in july to accommodate muslims	0
s o to for making it to the mac championship game tomorrow ! good luck ladies !	1
i m gonna listen to i don t mind then allow zayn s departure to sink in for the th time since march th	0
i would really love to get a ps vita . my sisters th is coming soon and she would be overjoyed if she gets one . ckrcomp	1
i ll tell you guys about paper towns tomorrow alright	0
i have say i thought the emmys were great tonight . melissa mccarthy peter dinklage kyle chandler ty burrell julie bowen all amazing !	1
lana del rey is playing vicar st next year . tickets onsale the th of nov . euros . wondering if it would be worth it ?	0
just starting to watch sharknado the st time . craptacular already . cc	0
people said i was dumb for picking arian foster with my first pick . .which was the th pick . he s the th best rb so far	1
let s be positive about super eagles game tomorrow .	1
do the black friday verses from kendrick and cole count ?	0
not going to as it is not seeing jamie kyle and nic saturday probably not see chelsea saturday shitty weekend that ended with breaking	0
sweden eh ? how d that come about ? not yet sxsw will b n march . when is ur behind coming the u .s . ? how s the little ?	1
can it be thursday yet i wanna watch tom brady fuck somebody up	2
i think the ndp may have made an error being to focussed on harper and forgetting about trudeau who is now leading in the polls .	0
do you know that moment when you stare at the sun and your eyes start to cry because it s so bright ? that happens to me when i look at niall	1
when katy perry says the blood orange sun 	0
 home based for tanzania super eagles coach sunday oliseh has revealed he will pick five players from the do . . .	0
david beckham s son romeo beckham leads out england team for his th birthday when the word beckham is a p . . .	0
may allaah protect all the muslims wherever they are . ameen yaallah	1
norris was acquired from toronto in the david price deal .	0
i m too excited . . finally tomorrow is the premiere of big time movie will be a great time at adrenalina .colombia is ready	1
still upset you didn t tweet about metlife on wednesday 	2
after that idiot i m definitely cheering on the germans today . starting a there s only one angela merkel chant nd half .	0
coverage of high quality stakes races from the curragh posted to my blog soon . good value bets on offer across the uk ireland for sunday .	0
not yet off to see ted tomorrow instead . southpaw looks good want to see it at some point excitedforstagdo	0
love the greenbrier team . tipped two of them and possibly harris english u s biggest fan . may yet add him to my staking plan .	1
gucci gob superego good hope december make clear the team yours physiological individual now raising upon grad . . .	0
can t remember amp last friday night are like the same song .i think calum s katy perry obsession is getting out of hand	0
when the best talent is on internship . . . . . . sony is coming to tp this friday to look for student talents ! 	1
although that may be true i will never bow to dunkin . regardless of how bludgeoned it may leave me	0
pekovic and love are a solid front line . if derrick williams plays like a nd pick i think you have a playoffs team .	0
i wonder how many of the purchases fell into the impulse bracket ? primeday amazon prime day beats black friday sales	1
first meet december th in the murphy center	0
i think it s fair to say that brock lesnar is winning this sunday raw	1
i m pullin a john cena on some random kid in the hall tomorrow	0
while microsoft s edge browser has been available to windows users since its release on july if you haven t . . .	0
quote we must fight the evil trio of america israel amp india .suicide missions are in accordance with islam . email published august 	2
does anybody in pittsburgh want a ticket to see the foo fighters on tuesday at ? it pains me to miss the show but . . .	2
the federal reserve s latest easing program may be nicknamed quot qe infinity quot on wall street but it . . .	0
i m going to at us bank arena in cincinnati oh oct 	0
can it be almost thursday ? ? yes it can ! labor day has come and gone . . . but shari s open mic keeps on keepin on !	1
july was national hot dog day . i m all for celebrating but is this taking it too far ?	1
exactly . back to super rugby ending at the end of may again when the new deal is signed for onwards . . .	0
something called the world go topless parade happened in venice beach ca on sunday and when you throw an even . . .	0
 st she said im gay then she said im a drunkard then she said im a player now she gives me her numbers without me asking her . . gt d	0
sir alex pays tribute to becks see what sir alex and others had to say about david beckham as he receives legend . .	1
when i was a kid my dad and i would go to kauffman stadium every saturday to watch the royals . even when they were away . royals	0
 th season of the big bang theory is by far the best	1
blue jays ace david price recently sat down for the interview with sportsnet magazine	0
brian may reveals that the freddie mecury biopic has release date u c and sacha baron cohen is to play the singer	0
is this the ultimate guide to detailing your car ? it may very well be courtesy of lexus 	1
can the blue jays afford to extend david price ? it may seem crazy here in the thick of a pennant race to di . . .	0
haven t logged in to google since last sunday and i m almost hesitant to do so now . . . what do you think is it worth it ? 	0
several new series available friday at the all arts market at neighborhood theatre !	0
desperately trying to stick with game of thrones but episodes into the st series and i m losing interest rapid .	2
griffin on fire tonight points at the end of the rd . jordan with a double double points u c sixteen boards . lac up clippers nba	0
tickets almost sold out ! see me at the queen mary in long beaxh next saturday with ice cube ashanti t pain nd to none shutdown	1
i have to drive with ms . pope saturday . . . kill me now .	2
mail over a few google posts you may like . it s alive !	1
off to edinburgh today so excited ! foo fighters tomorrow night i m so ready to rock with the guys !	1
mendez told me he d drive me to metlife on sunday . . . my reaction 	0
middle east online washington egypt u s new islamist president u c mohamed morsi u c urged the united states late sat . . .	0
lying in bed last night listening the wind in porto heli dreaming of windsurfing ! dropped off now time for a term bbq in the sun !	0
gonna watch sharknado tomorrow on demand so i don t have to watch the fucking commercials	0
we u re going to a patriots game ! monday night football baby ! can u t wait !	1
looking at the statistics of my yt account . of years old male from south korea landing at nd place of my audience list . o . 	0
very moving remembrance service with our new minister rev william heenan . for our tomorrow they gave their today .	1
david cameron very well informed about ccs according to experts who have briefed him . yes i bet he is .	1
the sun for people lacking brain cells and david cameron . pull the trigger	2
saw col . deering erin gray ystrdy starting off sunday with gil gerard buck rogers panel room at phoenix comicon ! phxcc	0
tasty tuesday hot dogs around the world for national hot dog day	1
richard bland in contention for st euro tour title with a late birdie charge giving him a shot lead midway through the italian open fsn	0
 st blue screen of death in abt yrs and it happens aftr updating to windows .microsoft . . . sigh thought yall asses had it together by now	2
mitch are you free on sunday to bale leaves for an hour ? if not no big deal you can have them for animals	0
free psn game on psn game is zen pinball . free game on playstation network . as of oct . get it now while its free . usa psn	1
don t forget we have some spirit days coming up at liberty ! tomorrow is star wars day and friday is pj day !	1
today ucf will be having their st football game . if you want to come meet by dunkin donuts in towers plaza . bring your ids !	0
world may acknowledge except the congress and shriman . rahul gandhi .	0
tories drub ukip in camborne pendarves by election ukip has lost to the tories with an almost per cent dec . . .	1
i saw something hideous amp disgusting on the road side . broken amp long dead . it not sure but it may have been bobby jindal s last scruple .	2
so i know i m late on this but happy late st birthday bentley ! ! ! we love you !	1
i m going on big brother s bit on the side next tuesday ! i thought you would appreciate this haha 	1
naruto started it all then got into inuyasha cowboy bebop now im watching ikkitousen like there s no tomorrow kreygasm	0
gay . i know next saturday i might go to the one in knoxville	0
tunisia president essebsi to make an official visit to saudi arabia on dec amp tnpr	0
tony blair the former prime minster of the uk tried to force thom yorke to meet him	0
off to anfield on sunday for lfc vs newcastle with excited	1
deep condolance for lee soo man s wife . may she rest in peace be strong for the whole family esp sooman ahjussi	1
we want you to milan tomorrow ! ! !	0
one more day of work tomorrow . then jason aldean concert ! ! off friday and monday . bills game friday ! draft sunday . bring on this weekend !	1
what do the mets realistically expect from david wright the rest of the season once he returns to the lineup monday ?	0
here s the first chapter of go set a watchman for all of you readers out there	0
i m really sad i m not going to able to celebrate the th anniversary of the montreal canadiens for the th year in a row . nhllockout	2
then are you willing to eat meat during eid and christmas ? ek din meat kha loge toh mar nahin jaoge .	0
rt michael jackson hollywood tonight	0
payback is a bitch seth rollins you ve may have uh band the rko at wrestlemania their is a rko with your name on it	0
tony blair wants to write his own history but he s the only one who believes the story as he tells it .	2
tomorrow is men women s day ! ! ! are you ready ? ? ? men s day am with rev . isadore edwards women s day . . .	0
sebastian s going to be hanging out with shawn in october . . they better take lots of pictures together	1
saying that will not complete their tenure in parliament . does he think they will resign ? well that will b a st	2
rock im park was beyond awesome . need to write all the bands down that i ve seen but i m too tired . will do tomorrow . goodnight	1
hbt david wright on track to make his return next monday	0
update rise of the planet of the apes takes in nearly m on friday christian post	0
highkey ima cry on monday and just sing loud af to sam smith .	0
remember when niall played croke on my bday . he was soo happy ! ! day i found out i could officially go to wwa miami too . may rd . good day 	1
good point ! ash wednesday isn u t a day of obligation ? i u ve never missed one .	1
might try get tickets for bayern vs arsenal at allianz arena on november th . someone sort me out with some tickets !	1
okay so the white sox suck rose and kane may be sexual predators and cobb and nelson are hurt before game one . sports suck .	2
in case you haven t heard orono s brian butterfield is the new redsox rd base coach ! talks about the hire on at !	0
oh my god everyone please stop talking about the steelers tonight . we are not playing . we are irrelevant tonight .	2
rt awaiting update on mikel leshoure s injury . but so far wr titus young is the only one of the lions top three picks in . . .	0
i sat through this whole movie just for harry and ron at christmas . ohlawd	0
sure absolutely i meant out of the bachmann u c perry u c santorum u c herman cain bunch this election . and romney was not my st choice	2
make sure u get your nd xbox and get bigg terry on there to setup for us	1
i m about to see shawn on october and i m super excited	1
jake from state farm is going to get a lot of calls on monday morning lifeinsurance hauntedcoliseum	0
hmmm . . . it occurs to me that i haven u t received a residual check in nearly a year now . i think i should email sag tomorrow .	2
if you ever wanna believe the sun just remeber that they once wrote about zayn and louis secretly getting married in thailand . . .	0
 saturday night live re watch amy schumer s monologue with bradley cooper . . . 	0
so i m going to israel tomorrow .	0
if i wake up tomorrow and seth rollins is still the champ i will be so pissed off	2
westbound into the u .s . ongoing bridge inspection construction may be delays eastbound into canada trucks no delay cars no delay	0
woody are you going to do another mail monday with fps russia cause the last one was hilarious that was by far my fav genius	1
love or hate tsipras he s told nothing but the truth since day . wouldn t see honesty like that with other leaders	1
watch the independent spirit awards this saturday and chat live with and	0
i m going to such gold at hoosier dome in indianapolis in nov 	0
fresh off its own ballistic missile test iran says the us violated the nuclear deal by . . . changing visa rules ?	0
 hey everyone ! my name is courtney u c and i used to cheer at cea ! i am so blessed to have kept the amazing fri	1
i know it is only october u c but kstate can probably start booking travel to at least the fiesta bowl .	1
it could be theresa may or george osborne i think ?	0
 experts reveal the best social media apps for mobile we all like different things . you may love the packers . . .	1
so is today national ice cream day or next sunday ? i want some ! nationalicecreamday	1
mbn reveals in orlrank tomorrow top players in magic franchise history . can u t wait to reveal who it is .	1
great weekend . . .roll tide victory u c browsed flea market played with all the animals u c now work . . .monday . . .chilly monday . . . 	1
those tickets may have sold out faster than the kendrick lamar show .	1
 whos going to the millard north game tomorrow ? ? who do they playy ?	0
miss oklahoma won the miss usa pageant on sunday	0
the summer olympics may be over but there is still plenty of summer left to enjoy the warm weather . what are some of your favorite . . .	1
 love ! see you tomorrow at sm sta . rosa . pm ah ! yaaay . d	1
special labor day cool out goes down tomorrow night the gin mill 	0
mantova milan on thursday milan to play a friendly at the martelli stadium .	0
it won u t work for me because ipod but whatever i u m honestly way too tired to care i u ll find it on tumblr tomorrow	2
wins over st win of the season . next fri . at home vs . prince george .	0
the nfl cleaned up at wednesday night s espy awards from the blog shutdown corner of the awards that could . . .	0
kick off sunday with lilmix ! from lady gaga to the strokes give it a spin !	1
can i just go back to june th and relive seeing paul mccartney	1
well bummer the vikings just lost to wsh . . . . . .oh well tomorrow is another day u cgood try boys ! buck up boo u s we still love u always !	1
hi my name is and i may or may not be obsessed with game of thrones and all the ad ons it brings to my smart tv as i watch it illegally .	0
wow ! rousey vs . holm moved to same night as lawler vs condit in australia . albuquerque is going to be nuts nov !	1
then the newest issue of thor comes out tomorrow ! ! !	1
going to jason aldean sept with cant wait ! jasonaldean countryconcert	1
foo fighters iggy pop and royal blood on sunday . now that s what you call a good gig hopefully in fact almost definitely 	1
rt also back to school special celebrity juice on itv tonight ! oushhhhh	1
golf with the dudes no work pool day and the new iphone announcement . . tomorrow shall be a good day .	1
i m going to fight justin tomorrow during lunch idc idc dc	2
lumber jack out tomorrow as we take down the colts !	1
thor thinks he s a lap dog and a face cleaner . . . fun personality for sure he will be with us again tomorrow in . . .	1
rt tomorrow people . rt wisconsin recall part two fleebaggers face the music	0
hello maite good to hear from you sa . no worries sa already spoken to jj . good man carnage sunday sa	1
friday night home alone it started fleetwood mac it s gone afghan whigs . i m nothing if not predictable	1
ole miss band is fired up for rousing verion of dixie next tuesday night wanna sing it rachel ?	0
i just saw your tweet about livin on a prayer from the th . i am so proud of you and mad at twitter for not sharing sooner !	1
we ve compared the new motog rd gen to the moto g nd gen here s what s new	0
sat parked in my car to listen to the end of holiday by green day bc it reminds me of my youth	0
lana posing with lady gaga for another picture at the billboard women in music awards on friday december th !	0
i saw ant man on friday night but peeked in the showing of soc to see the response . packed showing with racial mix .	0
they are back ! ! ! ! ! in case you missed them last time u c don u t make the same mistake u c nov at backstage live and . . .	1
 celebrityonholiday for harry potter room with wands amp brooms as decor props you never know when he may wish to perform magic	1
we can u t possibly say enough good things about both march fourth marching band and moon hooch linking up for . . .	1
so get finished early today get tomorrow off . . .my st though ooooo could go to the garden centre . . . what s happened to me ! !	1
road trip sort of with my boyfriend this monday from pottstown u c pa u c to hanover u c pa u c to chambersburg u c pa u c then . . .	0
i really hope david wright doesn t kill the mets flow when he comes back tomorrow . i think we re doing great without him	0
equalizer tomorrow alexander and the terrible horrible no good very bad day amp fury sunday . lastfreemovieweekend	2
i do like that sony formed that rd party production team to assist with localization of games	1
i was just publicly embarrassed by he lowered my gucci points by like this friendship may be over	0
imaaa make moves tomorrow !	0
weekend playlist vol every friday im going to post a weekend playlist of my favorite tunes for the . . .	0
news alarm miguel sano dh min miguel sano went for with a solo home run and a walk on wednesday against the white sox .	0
laura wright u c gareth malone u c noah stewart and margherita taylor attend the classic brit awards launch u c september 	0
obama hopeful his reset with nigeria can boost fight against boko haram president obama on monday praised new . . .	0
that statue s going to be demolished via sting s bat .	0
good news to all milan fan . may be it time to return to continental football ucl	1
i don t understand why they scheduled the sam smith concert on the th omg that s so long from now 	2
i can t wait to sing my heart out to justin bieber tomorrow the whole way to belfast in ka s car	1
really ? really ? terry u s guilt was well proven u c tv footage was available . suarez was punished of the strength of evra u s word . c u mon !	2
can t wait to see the ipad plus . . . . apple appleevent timcook	1
breaking via dave hyde of the sun sentinel david beckham s proposed mls group and the city of miami agree to . . .	0
rt colts owner jim irsay to donate to victims fund . that s of tickets distributed to tonight s . . .	0
hawks might have had decision made for them . with kane case going before grand jury no way he can be in camp on the th imo . nhl	0
gov . john kasich may seem moderate but take a closer look at what he s done so far .	0
sharknado release and s th birthday on the same day . coincidence . . . ? hbd andrew ! ! !	1
i will be buying the new batman movie on tuesday just to let everyone know	0
jim harbaugh u c alex smith drive giants world series parade cars earlier wednesday we told you that jim harbaugh . . .	0
predictions are that the new device apple will unveil on wednesday is called the ipad hd not the ip	0
always say we re gonna stop . this friday night do it all again . katy perry	0
more economic ignorance and tory lies from teresa may for a softening up for the immigration bill	2
lol i u ll be able to do it saturday . . or friday night after the greek show	1
 if you google fresh prince costume i u m the rd picture ! that u s cool !	1
blimey ! we have a star guest on the radio horton u knowing your businesses u show tomorrow at am . marleeeene !	0
oliseh looking for playmakers in super eagles squad sunday oliseh has revealed that he will not invite only p . . .	0
a year ago today kris bryant was named minor league player of the year . today he sits in th place in rbis in the national league . stud	1
do you know roman abramovich is the rd richest man in britian ? interestingfactoftheday interestinggilfriend	1
francesco totti thinks roma will be unable to catch juventus wants the seriea side to aim for rd this season	2
monday morning laugh ! my mom sent me this and said she did this to us once just for fun i ate your halloween candy 	1
we are actually playing on saturday u c january the week prior to the senior bowl .	0
my mom called me and said do you want to go see kanye west perform . too bad it s on the th or else i would have seen yeezy with ma moma .	0
brilliant game by the eagles today . fitting way to mark years of footy ! goeagles afleaglestigers	1
tried on apple watch at ah impossible to hold watch before scan at desk . turn it upside down may help !	0
eamonn holmes has dropped the biggest hint yet that he s going into the celebrity big brother house on thursday . . . .	2
u making the trip to liverpool on the th ? think my self and tinchy temple are taking in everton game if i fancy it ?	0
 sport floyd mayweather puts in more hard work and dedication ahead of september fight before posing with a . . .	1
aug the sports xchange david price allowed three singles in seven innings while justin smoak became the first blue jay to hit a	0
the itunes record is still held by ariana . the nd fastest time is roar by katy perry . d and jb failed to beat it .	0
new tv series bbc h sunday called smug rich buggers make poorer people beg i bet george osborne absolutely loves it	2
saudi arabia the centre of islam a mecca for muslims have taken no fleeing muslim refugees ! you d think be st place .	2
game won t be delivering my ps until tuesday apparently . four day weekend and it s delivered when i m back at work . great .	0
who s going to jason aldean thursday ! i got tickets and wanna party it up !	1
carmen consoli at the teatro degli arcimboldi in milan ! january not miss out ! book your hotel at the best rate 	1
join in a google hangout at pm as gets ultra close to the sun .	0
jonathan ross is going to be amazing on saturday ! and in one show . . . .ahhhh can u t wait !	1
love ! i love all the episodes with kristin chenoweth she plays april rhodes . i u m a fan of hers obviously lol !	1
way back in july our worthy chief minister defender of the honest banana republic and the delhi government . . .	1
my picks for who i think will get the brownlow points rd scott thompson nd gary ablett st sam mitchell .	0
ahead of tomorrow s elections in vanuatu what do the islanders want ? finds out . listen raonair	0
c mon shawn you can t afford the m you want with one dollar get it together	0
are you kidding me you are quoting the sun right now in your article ! ? niall and louis said not breaking up . not harry solo .	2
ohhh boy . love me some new music in music dispatch gorillaz may collaborate with david bowie	1
wait . so did apple just give folks another reason to upgrade to windows ?	0
also need to be at least accredated in act or rebt before the end of th yr .	0
got so excited because today is thursday and grey u s anatomy was coming on . but then reminded me that it u s not . crushed	1
euro parliament may freeze contacts with duma until russia holds free and fair elections breaking news buzz	0
got the one direction perfume last night and getting the justin bieber one tomorrow i m a happy girl 	1
frank gifford dies at the washington post . i worked with frank way back at wide world of sports . class act . rip	0
my mama paying for that dumb ass hulu shxt she may as well get netflix .	2
will you play signal fire at your show in hammond on saturday ? 	1
what i u ve been busying about is just about my community u s big day on sunday . and plus i get tired . you know i even have classes .	0
to all christians on twitter have a blessed sunday ! to all tweeters have a great day amp happy tweeting !	1
if dustin johnson can drive a yard par with an iron you can get up for school tomorrow	0
happy tuesday . . . this is late but i m sure i m not the only one who things that the rousey fight was stopped prematurely . you ?	0
kendrick kills it in black friday .	1
dahil may adidas sam smith na . . . sino na susunod ? bruno mars ? justin bieber ? lololol . .gusto ko nun and i know im not the only one !	0
jordan spieth and jason day birdie their th hole and are one back ! paul dunne birdies the th to get back to twelve under .	0
can t wait to watch the bulls play smu on saturday coach is all packed up wish i could be there let s go south florida !	1
the most conclusive argument against the bleeding hearts and why logic doesn t hold for them in yakub s hanging .	2
will take that result top the group as well . bet tim howard is cursing away at us ahead of sunday lfc	2
town in the usa rejects solar panels for sucking up all the energy from the sun . looks like rahul gandhi must have visited this town .	2
the big day is tomorrow ! mau xterra world championships at the ritz carlton at am !	0
thursday s gossip column man utd want to keep david de gea david beckham backs ryan giggs victor . . . football	0
ya but my dad is most likely taking it to san fran tomorrow 	0
rt come to boot ride rally with sons of anarchy navy seal marcus luttrell today from pm to pm . ride . . . ht . . .	0
i may not be a fan of the spurs but they play some amazing basketball .	1
we u re going to have to go see magic mike before the jeff timmons thing next friday ! !	0
no because he ll lose the u .s . title to john cena tomorrow night . .	2
merril hoge is stupid . i m sick of hearing what tebow can t do . he may not be a right now but it took aaron rodgers yrs to start	2
id be surprised if tom brady doesn t get some cheap hits tomorrow against the steelers haha	0
i just finished the th season of army wives . . .now what do i do	2
if you want a good laugh . .or just another confirmation that kanye west may be the biggest idiot . .ever . . .or both . . .	2
sat listening to the new iron maiden album with a coffee . waiting to go to the venue for today s hogroast .	0
niall is so freaking cute j can t just imagine him sat there on his phone laptop scrolling through all our tweets and laughing to himself	1
thanks rachel . will give it a try ! loving the book the saturday kitchen repeats . . . littlepariskitchen lyon	1
yo just realized the lexus hoverboard release is on the th . just fyi vergecast ? ? ? 	0
milan to beat sampdoria on thursday then everyone act like we are fixed just to draw against frosinnone to head back to crisis mode .	0
kris bryant first pitch home run swing in the bottom of the th . chicagocubs clutch hit	0
david beckham david beckham my side my side the autobiography he may live in madrid but he continues to make fr	0
breaking from the th commandment scott walker targets jeb bush in a new video	0
if spurs hadn t got that result mate you guys would have been st up . have you heard saf moaning . mins injury time an insult .	2
id literally be the happiest person alive if i got zac brown band tickets for the rd at bethel	1
fuck yes calibraska is out tomorrow do you hear me screaming ! calibraskaep	1
yes i m optimistic but feel we really needed a nd striker who could either play alone or link with kane	1
need s but will probably wait until around black friday since it would be just in stores and on amazon .	0
my heart is sad by the news of frank gifford . may you rest peacefully and may your family always be strong amp protected .	0
lexus may have brought us into the next transportation era with the new lexus slide a flying hoverboard	1
tfi friday not half as good as it was back in the day . all seems rather self indulgent towards chris evans these days even more so ! 	0
pramod venkatesh mahajan october was an indian politician . he was one of the second generation leaders of the bharatiya janata party	0
jeb bush is the victim of the st willie horton ad this cycle amp it s by trump ironically his dad made the st one	0
tgif the grind includes friday . . .getyourmindwright stayonyourgrind and finish the week strong .	1
there s a nd run movie theater around the corner from me that is showing both ted and pixels . worst part is it s a cinema grill .	0
west indies to pull off from the india tour after the th odi in dharamsala owing to pay dispute with their board .	2
i can t find my school uniform guess i m going in naked tomorrow	2
walking out of dunkin and the guy says okay see you tomorrow ! 	0
liverpool return to league action on sunday with an anfield clash against newcastle . . . .	0
this may top the i ate my kids halloween candy from nud	1
this will be me when nash s new video with skylynn its up tomorrow	0
game of thrones season premieres on april on hbo . are you ready ? watch the trailer and cool m	1
if we grabbed those people in the sun life stadium n place em in the orange bowl te stadium would look pack n louder	0
when we go over expectations i make it fun with star wars the jedi code of conduct . sdu 	1
highlight of that game was the bottom of the th . some guy chillin with a john sign behind home . sup bro .	1
three top jeb bush fundraisers abruptly parted ways with his presidential campaign on friday amid internal personality conflicts and	0
the only time it is okay to discriminate towards christians is with handing out presents on th december . refugeescrisis auspol	1
great ! ! my panel will take place the th around . am . it is about free tools with deezer and bandpage .	1
wondering exactly how crowded ghirardelli s is going to be today being national ice cream day and all . over th of july w e it was a zoo .	1
 wishes ? ! wow . john cena is literally one of the greatest humans to walk the earth . st class all the way .	1
 st time in my life i agree with brock lesnar about his rousey comment . ufc wwe	1
xtina and katy perry nominated for best albums of the year will they beat lady gaga once again ? let s find out in february !	1
um ben tickle from dance academy just replied to me . i may or may not be grinning right now .	0
chris rene live exclusive ! x factor may be about to start up its first live show of the season tomorrow but . . .	0
i m going to machine head at sala razzmatazz in barcelona spain nov 	0
mtv just played a music video . heart shaped box by nirvana . on a saturday morning . that just happened !	1
foo fighters counterprotested the westboro baptist idiots before their concert in kc friday night . genius	0
he may have been arsenal but you can t help but love thierry henry at times . . . . .	1
it s august th . david price who takes the mound tonight wears no . . also bluejays are looking to go with tulo in the lineup .	0
whereubat lets do it bizzle . ill be free tomorrow an at soundset so itz watev	1
see you tomorrow uc davis . see you tomorrow . pm at the whole earth festival 	0
friday night lights at gca ! gca vs . fca tonight at pm home come out and fill the hill with red !	0
wish i knew more about gov . john kasich . we will find out more tomorrow . . . . .i hope .	0
my godsister better take her ass straight home after school tomorrow . nca won u t be the place for her to be after school	2
this is even more depressing than the apple event .	2
oct the rumble in the jungle boxing match between muhammad ali and george foreman takes place in kinshasa u c zaire	0
is anyone going to that eid festival thing in trafalgar square tomorrow ?	0
if anyone is going to dunkin tomorrow morning and is just feelin real generous my order is a medium chips ahoy iced coffee w cream amp sugar 	1
our exciting card game arsenal is coming to kickstarter next week ! order on september and get it in november !	1
i think i am going to take this trip to raleigh on saturday !	0
we had great set of talks tour of the new lock water recycling plant yesterday at olympic park . the sun even came out !	1
idk if its still thursday in hawaii since its friday here but heres a tbt play it for the homie one time ! !	0
i u d love to go for a pint with jim white off ssn u c think he may have a bit about him	1
i grow weary of christians who on sunday profess their love for the one who said when you do it to the least . . .	1
well at least you can see sting s st wwe title win for only . 	1
classes on tuesday so you can expecto patronum me to think of harry potter when the word professor comes up	1
it s october . sp running windows on . i hope it doesn t cost .	0
watching sharknado after the rousey fight . i think i have an idea for the th movie . . .	0
man guilty of plot to kill muslims with x ray device aug pm et	2
kendrick killed this beat better but i see you j .cole !	1
after an almost year career lloyd robertson broadcasts his last sept he joins us next	1
a yd . screen pass td makes it tusky over madonna early in the rd . scoreboard powered by	0
my iowa people who is going to eric church on friday at the jones county fair ? ? ?	0
i got tomorrow off ! ! woooop ! ! adrienne arsht center for the performing arts 	0
my blues mates did the lot last yr loved it . kyiv is immense place may be going jan	1
good friday morning . this city is changing . are you with it ? menmarch	1
i want to thank so much my best friend treating me out to pizza hut for dinner and see ted for my th birthday .	1
well it s official . . . my family has decided to buy another great dane pup . thor s biological sister will be here on friday .	0
my top are probably granny chiyo amp sakura vs sasori guy vs kissame the nd time and naruto vs pain .	0
apple will be hosting its next iphone reveal event on september at am pst . you can watch a live stream of the event at gamespot s . . .	0
mcilroy the agenda for topical debate golf rory mcilroy may be on a week off but he remains in the news and at . . .	0
lexus lexus hoverboard ride revealed following the unveiling of the lexus hoverboard in june the luxury autom . . .	1
there and i added quite a few items to my wish list that they have on amazon for items i may wanna purchase in the future and earlier	1
can it be december th already ? i just wanna watch star wars the force awakens	1
mariah carey may have s but bang bang outsold every single mariah s ever put out in the united states .	1
you must read ! karina smirnoff wows in a low cut yellow dress at the espy awards photos 	1
do you want tickets to ed sheeran in houston on sept ? enter our facebook contest here 	0
so cool ! and earlier in my morning i watched the st harry potter movie	1
i mean the heat still made it to the championship there st year . . . .	0
kyocera echo .but i can upgrade in november so i can t wait . how about you ?	1
plz give the fans a treat and start trash talking david taylor . really heat things up b what may be the match of the century !	0
david bowie and tilda swinton are the same person via	0
yes i just watched it . it comes in abc and yes i think it would be . new episodes come on abc at every thursday	0
terry collins said he asked david wright to come out times tonight . wright declined . will play friday . guessing off saturday vs . righty .	0
when girls become bandwagon fans of the packers because of harry . do y all even know who aaron rodgers is ? or what a st down is ?	2
marina will be performing an acoustic set on the st of august as part of rolling stone mag s chicago live event 	0
you better ! and we going to gay pride .	1
i ll check tomorrow to see if it s on amazon or netflix 	1
curtis painter did the curtis painter last night . . . a fumble and one walk in td overthrown by yards .	2
happy friday to those who work outside the home and the weekend means something to . today is fridays till christmas . fridays till advent	1
i have passes for looper in pico rivera on thursday . message or text me if you want them .	1
james hall live in indianapolis dec . th . . christ church apostolic ! u tixs just adv . be there . .	0
final king city milan . walker mccallon huge th down defensive stop late in the th .	0
code buster for apple watch the st game out of our creative coding centre .	0
the newer new ipad aka the ipad th generation with retina display apple new	0
happy nd birthday firework u c you saved me in every single way someone can be saved .	1
gucci gob spiritual being promise august nurse the dyad yours being friendly relations procural unto functiona . . .	1
amazon prime is a lie . it said my stuff would be delivered by monday . its wednesday and still hasn t arrived . tracking doesn t make sense .	2
james franklin s ability to spread the pennstate brand in washington d .c . was on full display monday afternoon .	0
berita union picketing brings a temporary halt to nd season production of the nbc reality show fashion star . . . .	0
i never expect too much . expect too much and you may be disappointed . this is referring to this frank ocean release . just chill n wait guys	0
i m going to at us bank arena in cincinnati oh oct 	0
david cameron is the new tony blair not sure that s a chair i d like to be sat in .	0
if you wanna watch apple unveil their new iphones a new huge ipad and a revamped apple tv then go here 	1
when someone dies muslims always say may he she be put in fridaus chances are ppl aren t going there .	2
but it s a three day weekend and we see ed sheeran tomorrow ! ! ! ! ! so things miiiight be looking up .	1
zayn is a star ! he never tried to steal the spotlight but he is like a sun he can t be overshadowed . the public is with him !	1
wouldn u t it be better to do it april half term cuz eurosong means nothing to uk ppl	0
is tamar trying to pull a mariah carey with releasing her album on september th ? but i know she s trying to honor the tragic day but . . .	0
join us at the eid multicultural festival . at brighton open market london road tomorrow	0
guys it s my birthday on monday can someone buy me some of that jurassic park animated tv show concept art only 	1
our team is the most hated in the league . did you see lee and terry s frustration tuesday ? welcome to the celtics !	2
september th frank ocean s album still hasn t dropped . i ve made a tumlr account just to follow frank and frank for album updates .	2
five years before leaving the planet sun ra premiered a tone poem new york town featuring sections like twilight in central park .	0
fell in love with chris evans wanna download all of his movies tomorrow .	1
caitlyn jenner opens up about fatal car crash jenner s interview with lauer on wednesday amp thursday .	0
calibraska is th in italy but no one can hear it because of the explicit calibraskaep	0
 atl it u s leo season ! this sunday turnup jett lounge ! free entry everybody all night ! ! ! rsvpfirstclass 	0
in minutes of kerry collins the colts are down . let s give curtis painter a shot in the nd quarter . why not ?	0
 days till i see you at believetour at london o arena on march th 	1
im so nervous bc my cousin and i going to buy the ticket to see shawn in september th	0
have never been happier to be home with heat cable and internet . see ya on sunday bw	1
every friday join us for mass at am pm all day adoration at st angela u s mattapan catholic church boston bilangual	0
it u s friday and the soul train is firmly parked in pri for the soul show on the radio u c c u mon perth get your requests in for the next hour 	0
royal blood play with foo fighters mk tomorrow . of the bands i m desperate to see in one place . can t wait ! rb were awesome at reading !	1
full details of saudi led coalition not yet available sartaj saudi arabia announced on tuesday that it had f . . .	0
closing the stable door etc eu may bring back border controls angela merkel suggests via	0
happy saturday everyone ! make sure you follow us on twitter instagram amp facebook ! we are also on foursquare google amp groupon !	1
kane may show up summerslam . .i think paul heyman hinted this on raw when he said fetch the devil . . . .and even god himself bla bla 	0
neymar shockingly starts playing for brazil like he does for barca	1
mariah carey cut a voluptuous figure when she stepped out in sardinia on thursday morning .	1
if anyone wants to surprise me with a mocha iced coffee from dunkin tomorrow that d be cool	1
i m going to claytons tomorrow morning but i m too tired to think about what i m gonna wear . looks like another ugly day with him . oh well	2
i can t wait to see all the riot fights in miami on worldstarhiphop tomorrow	1
i m so glad shawn is going to london spain and more countries in europe since he has much more fans than he had back in february march	1
that s the nd best programme i ve watched all week . jimmy mcgovern knows how to make drama	1
hey lads will you guys have the mgs v edition ps s in stock on monday or is it online only ? i want one	1
brentley is away tonight i miss him ! but it s nice to have a little break once in a while . sleeping all day tomorrow !	1
will someone go see ant man with me tomorrow ? i m dying to see it	1
oct it will be mostly dead but mostly dead is still a little bit alive ! ! billy crystal the princess bride 	0
i u ll donate to the homeless guy on rd st . if u can talk into letting us judge the next miss america	0
i did all of the action choreography live stunts special fx for this music video . aka the real chuck norris .	0
breitbart news daily iran china cyberwarfare on the december breitbart news daily show on sirius xm p . . .	0
cupid and psyche isn u t an original greek myth . it was a story in the golden ass by apuleius and often cited as the st fairy tale .	0
one ticket left for the game tomorrow ! don u t miss the rematch of the nfc championship game against the ny giants ! hit me up !	1
gucci breeches collective unconscious stock december tower the identical thine peculiar inbound extension vers . . .	0
starting to bother me when people say but it s david price when it comes to pitch counts . don t want to burn him out before october .	2
i should get all my sh t done tonight so i can go to the like gay club tomorrow and try to find friends but . . . but . . .	0
it may be beyonce s bday but we must not forget who else has a bday today . . .	1
lfctv just showed downing s goal vs fc gomel why can t my man score them all the time prob won t even make the squad tomorrow 	2
won the and the and came nd in the at tayside and fife championships !	1
i think we need this for the lexus slide for th floor .	1
you can live stream today s apple event here at pdt 	0
i added a video to a playlist tiger woods trails by midway through sunday at the wyndham	1
please god let seth rollins return to the black pants tomorrow night on raw . amen . wwe summerslam sethrollins	1
the next sunday there s no meaningful nfl football on it will be valentine s day . thank you sweet baby jesus .	1
dance off friday breakdance conversation with jimmy fallon amp brad pitt . . . teamskm	0
i sat down two men today and all they could talk about was how nasty caitlyn jenner i found their sexuality even more disgusting than hers	2
just hmu when you get to raleigh tomorrow	0
beyonce amp jay z . im not even stressing nomore future bae probly in the th grade playing freeze tag	0
also read how msm lies thin crowd ramlila on rd day n read for facts k crowd day	0
just rode across the brooklyn bridge on a bike . what are you doing with your saturday ?	0
that clown in american horror story may be the creepiest character in the history of tv	2
roll on tuesday for pack the park up the vale feed the pope he will score	1
if them fucking muslims blow a bomb up in london tomorrow then we need to get the lot out of the uk fucking ship them all back vjday	2
fbomb ! december th ! arlene s grocery ! the bombardiers tackle the works of david bowie plus natural born . . .	0
ik is going to pew tomorrow meet families of shuhada of army public school .he should have been there with them on eid nd after eid	1
gut decision . sharon van etten cat power . elicited emotion in me like the st moment i heard trespassers william u c or casimir pulaski day .	1
im going up to berkmar tomorrow	0
so according to the new stat system for football . . michaelvick is the th best quarterback in the nfl	0
just used a colon . holy punctuation batman . it s nearly half one in the morning . sleepy saturday .	1
adblock browser for android now available on google play but it might not be for september cool tech ! ! !	1
wanna see jason aldean cole swindell amp tyler farr in va beach tomorrow night ? ! it s the burn it down tour and . . .	0
expecting to see kony stickers all over the school again tomorrow they re back and i have to go to the assembly with my global class	1
srinagar july according to sources a young boy aged sixteen had gone missing on eid day under mysterious . . .	2
i think it s weird when fans find celebrities families on social media . you have no reason to like niall s nephew s st day of school pic .	2
gandhi there may be violence but then again the landlords may cooperate fischer you are an optimist gandhi they might cooperate by fleeing	0
and overall uga units combined rank rd nationally in team efficiency points just behind ole miss and auburn .	1
msnbc carly fiorina may have a hard time making it to the next gop debate despite climbing up in the polls 	0
 harry styles is leaving one direction and going to form a two man band with ed on the st of february . right u c and i u m married to obama	0
jose mourinho may not be enjoying too much success with chelsea in but has added a personal trophy . . .	1
probably going to walk around naked tomorrow	0
alert st finish internal enemies im simi cpi ml with free hand to ib nsg nia . learn from indian history .	0
i should dress up as randy orton tomorrow bc he s basically a super hero	1
rt have you hated auburn today ?	2
off to sunderland v aston villa saturday . am sure i u ve seen the managers somewhere before . . .	0
big rally tomorrow again it looks like too little too late . where was everyone before kerry and obama f ed up ?	2
 nowplaying bob marley sun is shining on surf shack radio the best mix of music on the beach	1
when your sister plays iron maiden on a saturday morning you know your work as a brother is done .	1
cba with work tonight . tommorw . sat . sun . and monday .	0
google reveals the nexus pre orders begin on october th nexus google android	0
watching devil inside for the nd time and i u m about to freeking cry .	0
jeb bush who hates trump right now just agreed to support trump if he wins . . .to keep trump from going rd party . ha !	0
good night everyone ! much needed rest for me . tomorrow off to oslo ! ! playing at the oslo world music fest at park teatrett .	1
a change in the law may have been made without parliament s consent writes mark woods .	0
gucci unmentionables alter good hope december extend the match your symptomatologic entrance reinforcement til . . .	0
 of the top search engine referrals for tve today are mike molly related thanks to melissa mccarthy s win at the emmys !	0
inside out may be my favorite after spy and ted . i want to see terminator but inside out was fantastic .	1
follow the top david bowie stories for dec on our topical page 	0
tomorrow it is definitely necessary for watching films after attending the remembrance service with the staff and pupils givemetissues	0
barcelona s carles puyol out weeks with dislocated elbow suffered in champions league win tuesday	2
throwback sunday ? ! ? ! ?seaholm game with	0
sorry i m going to see beyonce tbh ! ! !	1
could you and jd comment on what it may take to get kris bryant out of his current batting funk ?	2
bernie sanders will be here in atlanta on friday for a fundraising event the guest cost is . note that on . . .	0
fantasy draft tonight . keeping andre johnson rashard mendenhall and mike williams . and about to somehow end up with aaron rodgers too .	0
don u t forget to get your self out to bettyvirginia park tomorrow am for the kickball tournament ! ipittythefoolthatcantkickitoldschool	1
ice cube please make a another friday . do it with dae daes character smokie and yourself . pretty please cube vision	1
kendall amp cooper would cause a ukip surge in the north where the party polled nd	0
i like to stop in starbucks in front of lowe s st then pretend i m at neiman s . excuse me but where are the new hammers from milan ? 	1
failed yet again with bpos and their customer service overnight work guess what microsoft ? it s morning here .	2
i can t lie that black friday my baby nicki took an l fuck kim she been ran thru more than mcdonalds drivethru	2
started my friday off right with dunkin	0
 chicago sun times dealing quintana could make sense for white sox redsox	0
tra carson gets two carries and gets very little so it s now rd and for murray and the aggies .	0
saw a real madrid fan boast we made the top in la liga united fought for th lol there s only teams in la liga fuck face .	2
it may be because it s really late or because i ve watched hours of gilmore girls but i just cried way too much when rory graduated . . .	2
pinoy big brother celebrates it s th year on air ! happy years pbb ! pbb years	1
just got back to the crib today wasnt so bad went to detroit and somerset	1
you know you re having a good time when you play nirvana full blast in the office after hours and dance like there s no tomorrow . mflpogo	1
lol kole calhoun bat flip down to david price in the th . wear the next one punk . not really 	0
i honestly cant wait to get out of greensboro with tomorrow !	1
funny story watched edge of tomorrow with tom cruise last night loved it	1
c u mon . . . don u t play with the winans ! ! !	2
lance just left u c dinner with the fam was great . managed to watch napoleon dynamite and the devil inside . long story short wonderful sunday .	1
perfect ! wednesday i m done at . i ll be waiting . can we go to ihop one day ?	1
can i please have a follow i need someone to obsess with over ahs by wednesday	0
burritos with my homegirl darcy for lunch hangs with and mc nauss tonight ac dc tomorrow and a long weekend . winning	1
christian ponder samantha steele u c not jenn brown . steele was hanging out with les miles on tuesday .	0
i cried like a baby the nd episode of tvd season .	1
appalling experience with helpline . hrs on phone amp counting . now on hold to speak th rep so far not impressed ! !	2
we did . he says it should be corrected tomorrow . thor is available on twitter	1
ok i may regret this question but . . .why is wbc protesting a foo fighters concert ? and don t tell me it s a . . .	2
this is absolutely ridiculous . wasn t it just national ice cream day on sunday ? who makes up these days ? this isn t official . this is	0
ruby can u t even take me to breakfast tomorrow he dropped harold washington .	2
group d looks pretty intense with borussia mon juventus man city amp sevilla !	1
so i won a reds ticket from t mobile for sunday s game . . .a single ticket in sec . . . .lol . . can t go without hubby . . .he d cry . . .haha	0
brand new updated logo u c edited by david taylor the new executive producer of roc tv . first introduction video will be up tomorrow !	0
what happened at the concert anything momentous . how was lilo fights niall s dancing ? ?c mon give me the details	0
tom brady has started straight opening games tied for th longest streak by qb . it looks as if it will continue .	0
flava ! you may have heard about flava flav but here s the story in the link below !	0
republican presidential front runner donald trump spent plenty of time thursday describing people he likes including kanye west and tom	0
films at the pratt ghost rider spirit of vengeance u c free screening u c sat u c aug u c pm u c southeast anchor	0
super eagles coach sunday oliseh has settled for six players from the glo premier league to make the trip with . . .	0
there s nothing as rd day of eid relatives . just don t . just don t even think about coming to our house . go eat elsewhere	2
hmm . . sby deh . rt kung fu panda in d d both with indonesian subtitles tentatively scheduled to open on tues august	0
here we go boys ! ! ! great job by thor tonight ! ! ! ! and the captain ! ! huge spot for the long island kid matz tomorrow .	1
if you go down to history books of islam you will see that nothing like boko haram fake jihad ever take place	2
good morning start this thursday with wpop naughty boy feat sam smith la la la 	1
it may only be the round of but holy cow ! don t tell that anderson and murray ! incredible match ! hrs and min so far . usopen 	1
okay then . that is where i would start . i have good experience with book depository so i may get your books soon .	1
what route are you doing ? i am arriving sept in milan then starting at como . . . cycletouringitaly	0
 corbyn a desperate attack on jc today twitter . bbc telegraph sun harpy known as mensch . hold on through the screaming for all our sakes !	2
zayn s voice c mon guys you can do it nobody can drag you down . dragmedownmusicvideo	1
new class tomorrow ! then i will be one month away from getting my first degree . i mma do a kanye west speech when i get it too .	1
tomorrow elsa will launch the th edition of the world wide elsa moot court competition on wto law . stay tuned for more information !	0
i u m in hawaii at the moment . home next friday night . don u t want to come home .	2
shawn no please stay until september in madrid is i m going to madrid on . stay please .	0
i rented sherlock and ghost rider this last friday ! they were both good ! i rented journey last night ! it had a really cute guy in it ! !	1
i think i may be the only thing that likes twilight garrison more than you .	1
cheaper carbon replaces silicon in solar panels washington u c nov ians researchers have built the first solar . . .	0
if you say renewed election it means you don t accept june s result as erdogan does . correct terms is early elections 	0
wow dustin johnson showing some true grit after quadding number one pgachamp especially since his history with major sunday s	1
saya mengirim foto di facebook dalam album java jazz on the move u c supermall karawaci 	0
kane walked off with a tight calf last saturday . if he starts i guess n jie will be on the bench .	0
hey remember when tony blair took part in the baptism of one of murdoch s children on the banks of the jordan	0
wanna see eva longoria ? come canvass with us at am tomorrow ! womenforobama	0
attention fans ! ! come worship with him august th gmwa marriott florida ballroom tampa fl pm ! don t miss it !	1
i love my girl evelyn at work she switched shifts with me saturday 	1
can t wait to take my girl to nottingham on the th of march for her birthday . hilton hotel here we come !	1
xmas has come early q se now available with free sat nav free wheel upgrade and free servicing .	1
don t forget brad has got maillot jaune . he may have a long way to go yet but can do it and we have cav too . .	1
 rd down u c preds kept us out of the end zone . going for the field goal	0
have a good trip . see you tomorrow at the jurys inn ?	1
 hulu jimmy kimmel live axl rose u c part part of jimmy kimmel u s interview with axl rose .added thu oct . . .	0
taylor swift is going to be in houston tx on sep get you tickets now at don t miss it	1
i may or may not have searched it up on google	0
want to help reelect the president ? join us tomorrow at in the cme upstairs of the union ! bring your friends ! !	1
rhp taylor grover comes in for salem and retires the nationals in the th to close out the red sox win and the season is over .	0
 storyline kanye west i am running for president . . . . . . . . taylorswift may have won the most moonmans on . . .	0
have you been watching the accused ? get ready for the final one tues which wrote with jimmy mcgovern !	1
crazy asian driver with the need for speed can t wait november official e trailer pc ps xbox one via	1
so glad tomorrow s my last day at dunkin	1
going home to try and maybe study for the sats tomorrow	0
okay guys going to take the night off to finally get rid if this cold . i ll be online tomorrow labor day for harry potter trivia	1
performing at the red sox game tomorrow and all i can think about is if i have enough time to do homework	0
man i hope she doesn t frank ocean us	0
sbnationfantasy brady in the pouring rain tonight or russell wilson in the friendly ed jones dome sunday ?	0
fighter fit camp tomorrow at am ! ! ! ! st timers are free ! ! ! ! open mat jiujitsu at noon . it s going to be a . . .	1
she said she thinking abt going to the chris brown concert thursday .	1
might just have to catch for the rd time and for the st time with my money saved for frank ocean lol	1
loads of goodies from house of wilde u c stylestalker u c staple the label u c fairground and piper lane will be available tomorrow ! stay tuned ! xx	1
and thank you for stopping by dustin johnson . maybe he just doesn t like monday mornings .	0
bajrangi bhai jan i do agree with you brother should not be hanged for brother . but mr . yakub is also accused . . . . . .	0
again shekau absent in new boko haram video the military said on sunday that it had freed people held ca . . .	2
bryan s australian tour is on april i just bought the tickets yesterday for the sydney concert are you going ?	0
the bullet riddled vehicle in which udr lance cpl david halligan was killed by the ira outside armagh on nov 	0
justin bieber u may have cool music now but i swear to god if you offer me one more piece of unsolicited sage advice	2
i just watched hottest stateside stars on mtv hits . bby you were on rd place proud votebieber	1
i bet nicki has like a rd of the industry shaking in their boots . plus the barbz will drag if anyone comes for her .	0
golam globus ok here s the deal i may not like this movie . except it has chuck norris in it . 	0
tum kya samajhty ho choro gay to mar jayen gay hum .h !na bat kahun tum se jee to wo b rahy he jin ko chora ta tere liye . sweet prince .	1
 hours and minutes away from utah and alaska . come on over to the maverik center for friday night hockey . it s always a good time !	1
slap shot nash u c back from injury u c skates for davos rick nash of the new york rangers returned to action in switzerland on tuesday .	0
you gonna do an article about this like you have with kane after ?	0
our annual clothing drive for the open closet is during the st week of march for international women s day !	0
parma u s v roma biabiany was offside on the st pass attempt u c but the ball stopped on the wet pitch and he received the ball on nd one !	0
c mon gabe im a optimistic fan but the cats are not going to beat lsu and st that easily winning one more is hard enough	2
ok im off twitter for the night til tomorrow bomb squad enjoy ur night love you much !	1
omlis releases secure enterprise security technology with ibm newcastle england sep . . . thewebfix security	1
bro i love the new song poetic justice you u re doing great things . may god bless	1
who wants magic ? how about our magical morocco retreat u c march ? camels u c souks u c spa u c gorgeous riad . . .oh and yoga !	1
can t wait for tomorrow when some of my liverpudlian family arrive for the bank holiday weekend ! d	1
fitted hawaii mua new era x tahiti logo see the full gallery on posterous releasing tomorrow at the fitted . . .	0
great day out with everyone at lechlade ! sun jumpingoffbridges cowfish	1
it s for the seth rollins meet and greet on friday . seth i love you and all and your my favorite wrestler but hell no	0
the only thing you will hear tomorrow is all big brother contestants have died of food poisoning	2
and then the hilarious sheamus cash in scenario which must have been a botch on randy orton s part . . . raw	0
how sad are you that downton abbey ends sunday ? x	2
 st one s rosemary and rue and unless you ve got a specialty fantasy bookstore nearby you re best going to book depository	0
in turin from rd row south i didn t see much of u but i can tell you each brand of phones and cameras there were .	0
do you have chocolate ? sunday is national chocolate day .	0
tory is meeding with federal ndp members tomorrow morning followed by national hot dog day celebrations .	1
as ridiculous as ant man may have looked it was actually pretty damn good bigfan	0
according to state farm u c missouri ranks th nationally among the states where motorist are most likely to hit a . . .	0
when i hit san antonio catch me at hi tones tuesday nights with the aux cord connected to the iphone . am i doing it right ?	1
 wwe monday might raw because of the goat john cena	0
my part to the al green joint will be done friday . . .i u ll shoot you an email with the attachment	0
gay men have you been sexually assaulted ? the answer may surprise you	2
yesterday was a great day ! ! ! i felt like ice cube in the movie friday today was a good day . i got one of my . . .	1
the august nl position player leaders in fwar meet to close up the month tonight joey votto and kris bryant .	0
see you on monday ! ! ! sm bacolod ! ! ! woooohhhh	1
history cristiano ronaldo is the st player in real madrid s history to score braces in a european competition .	1
christmas or the feast of dedication ? passover or easter ? memorial day or purim ? july th or feast of pentecost ?	0
just in case you haven u t had enough we have plenty of birthday cake ready for you tomorrow !	1
may you be blessed by guns god and hungry wet holes before scott walker builds his border wall and donald trump sends you home !	2
so i need someone to see jurassic world with tomorrow . . any takers ?	1
i m not entirely sure how i went from a crummy sam smith visual gag to aching existentialism but sudden sun kil moon will do that to you	2
luca di montezemolo who s last day was monday on why alonso is leaving ferrari 	0
david de gea s move to real madrid from manchester united dramatically collapsed on monday night . pete jenson answers the burning	0
elon university u s colors are maroon and gold . we want to see some green u c white and orange tomorrow at .	0
tune in to . fm at pm to hear the best of friday night lights football coverage of neodesha at fredonia with jeff carpenter on the mic !	0
again just like windows makes w o the start menu their best customers want rd party app needed	2
a smartphone review that the tech press needs to read twice obviously great for consumers too moto g rd gen review	0
so it u s the grunge night at blue room blackpool tomorrow night ! pearl jam u c alice in chains and nirvana cover bands ! pm .	0
cabrera singled to center beckham scored . white sox trail the red sox in the bottom of the th	0
chris evans is worse for wear as he parties with wife at london s chiltern firehouse following festive tfi fri . . .	2
march reuters jpmorgan chase amp cos chief executive for china investment banking fang fang has decided to leave the u	0
mihajlovic had dinner with berlusconi on friday silvio told mihajlovic that he s not happy with the way milan started the season gazzetta 	2
paul mccartney said he didn t lose a wife he lost a girl friend when his st wife died . apparently they spent one night	0
fernando alonso has already signed for mclaren according to niki lauda who claims he signed last thursday	0
tomorrow is monday . do . . .do . . .do . . .do . . . .do . . . .do . . .it s just . . . another day by paul mccartney via	1
this girl who literally bullied me since th grade bc i liked kpop is now into it too man zffuck u	2
 hamont council of can chair maude barlow hits road to speak on protecting the great lakes city tour will see her in ham may 	0
rt rt west cork pig derby tonight in timoleague ! declared non runners ! corkbuzz	0
sharknado isn t sharknado without she just had a baby inside a roasted shark c mon people that s a dedicated mom aprillives	0
batman played with a broken back . . . .the mets don t have to let him pitch on tuesday . hold him postseason . starts left .	0
red sox crumbling in the th and the yanks lost too go jays goooooo	0
going to the mizzou game on saturday ! here with kaleb u s family . what are you doing here ?	0
 mariahcarey announced australian tour . are you going to buy a ticket ? australiantour january tickets	0
check out this interview and me acting like tom cruise at the end lol 	0
the spx had to close below for the day mav to turn down . the uptrend survives . tomorrow spx will have to rise to prevent neg mav	0
yeah imma be in vegas from th rd so i just want a dinner in dallas with friends	0
who u s appearing at the houston livestock show and rodeo come march ? that is u c other than george strait ? . . .	0
july th at kl live . jom jom pergi fatboy slim . so far just me n sophia	0
this whole time i u m thinkin why the heck is everyone keeps talkn bout the niners but i forgot its monday night football lmao	0
gotta go see flight tomorrow denzel is the greatest actor ever	1
are you going to go to levi s tomorrow ? ?	0
good morning ! ! ! coffee in hand and it is friday !	1
be overflowing with conservative an christians its one saturday	0
tonight u c obama was the buffalo sabres and mitt was the dallas stars . it may not seem right . . .	2
isn t it strange how the policies are becoming not only ukips amp tory s but labour policies as well !	0
anyone want to join me at jouvert on nov for some brilliant live music from oxford s best talent all in aid of . . .	1
jon moss ref for saturday . that s every going in arsenal s favour then	1
the oklahoman editorial carly fiorina may have gained the most from first debates 	1
it just hit me that i m seeing eric church acoustic in nashville tomorrow . chief	1
now we want dunkin donuts for breakfast . we may just have to get those tomorrow morning . thanks for the unintentional suggestion !	1
i may spend a lot of my free time riding on random elevators hoping for a chance encounter with bill murray . . .	1
time to get nekkid with filter free friday only the original global iphoneography community mobitog . . .	0
they re not even arsenal fans ! they re the galatasaray fans who ve stayed behind after wednesday .	2
gardai fear a split in the ira and sinn fein ?i know what to get them for christmas now !	2
uk won t be getting the nokia n either nokia just announced yesterday that the first and probably the only mee . . .	2
 days of christmas ! on the th day it has to be new choc stars !	1
alpfa meeting tuesday with deloitte ! ! ! place cocanougher center time free chipotle ! busn . casual . . .	0
 better qb ben roethlisberger or eli manning ? you make the call and watch them face off this sunday . tony romo .	0
can t tell you how badly i wanna see ed sheeran thursday in houston	1
i want to go to ihop or friday s	1
well done and great job with justin winning the s doubles .	1
finally sat and watched it . david bowie s blackstar is perfect . more of this less of everything else .	1
getting off the comp early tonight going to watch my new elvis presley dvd that came today . 	1
photoset thepalmtoptiger are we going to talk about the fact that zayn has the sun sunray motif on his . . .	0
texas is the walk off state tonight . josh hamilton just singled in winner in th vs yankees .	1
due to me watching paper towns tomorrow i made it my goal to read the book today . i finished it in approximately hours . excitedaf	1
my car ride to school tomorrow mexicans and estella im the only white girl	0
seeing foo fighters tomorrow aaarrgghhhh i m excited and terrified at the same time	1
he was like my th bias when i started getting into kpop	0
dan tyler comes right back with the vikings rd goal of the half	0
happy birthday kerry . may u have a super fantastic day . enjoy !	1
it u s radio rocks next week starting off with a live lounge on show with bullet for my valentine on monday	0
amy schumer is the stereotypical st world laci green feminazi . plus she s unfunny	2
as a human being i am capable of feeling such emotions i may have had a love hate relationship w ss u s music but it u s a tragedy	0
steal by chalmers u c on the break away and is fouled by garnett . that is his rd foul of this game . celtics comm	2
this is like floyd mayweather challenging a rd grade girl with ms to a fight . overmatched	0
live tweeting thursday takes you to nirvana s incesticide comp . album ! nirvana incesticide livetweetingthursday	1
noooo like he sang that song ! the st op of naruto !	1
elwira will be singing bad blood may the god s be with her idolssa	1
congrats ! d supernatural is my fave show and vampire diaries is nd ! eager to see you in tvd loved you in spn ! d lt ishappy	1
when will the th anniversary ps controller be available and for how much is it likely to go for ?	0
just upgraded to windows . suspect i may have done something wrong as it all went incredibly smoothly ! ! ! windows microsoft upgrade	1
 worstroadtripever only had one cassette in the car u s the unforgettable fire which is great until you get a headache the th time thru	0
so now it seems daav conspiracy of yadav have back fired . . .and if true proved may create troubles for akhilesh yadav and samajwadi party . . .	2
why christmas and not holiday ? us jews and perhaps muslims might want to know ?	0
why are the regular thursday night shows not on tonight ? i was really looking forward to parks and rec . 	2
dm me your number and i u ll send you a pic of the dress i u m wearing wednesday . it u s perfect for being the black dahlia . 	1
the rd is about ice cube s movie career rehab and dre selling headphones and i don t know dinosaurs ?	0
if danny doesn t play flag football tomorrow he s gay	2
 summer olympics will be in brazil the th largest economy in the world . crazy fact fewer than of roads in brazil are paved .	0
you can meet the mandem you can meet the fam st class shopping trip to milan manlikegatsby	1
ant man was for the nd straight week domestically . never has this been more apropos .	1
happy birthday vow the rd anniversary 	1
 tbt a year ago tomorrow i would have met the amazing christina grimmie takemeback	1
november in the lonely hour tour . . okay sam smith okay ! ! ! ! tapos sold out pa okay ! ! ! ! ! okay lang talaga	2
good afternoon ! let s make friends with coffee after this tiring friday !	1
kurt cobain masterpiece montageofheck opens friday ! filmmaker in person for q amp a after the pm show !	1
black and white . now i thought it must be april st because then she blurts out kim kardashian says i m gonna eat my placenta again ! well	0
vmware fusion is ready to put windows on your mac parallels may have been the first to bring windows vi . . .	0
i realize bellamy is a freshman qb but the play selection leaves a lot to be desired u c option toss on rd and cmonman	2
rt the zags hold a lead for minutes to beat boise state and win the bronco invite . goal by sarah rhodes her rd of . . .	1
mysa annual girls tournament final preparations underway . . . join us at the nairobi technical field from tuesday . . .	0
photo flatbush zombies u c santos party house october th ! acidalumni taken with instagram 	0
ultimate teammate david price who left the game in the th inning remains on the bluejays bench still cheering and encouraging teammates	0
romeo beckham leads out england with wayne rooney for his th birthday david beckham used his clout with the . . .	0
i u m right where i wanted to be on this thursday night grey goose has me feeling good u c baby making dinner and al green in the background .	1
thanks for the follow . you may need a super rope cinch for hunting . ted nugent loves it . check out	1
this is fun . we should play the white sox more often .	1
david wright played the full nine innings at b for st . lucie today . he went for with a run scored . he is expected to return monday .	0
i totally just squealed seeing the abc sunday promo on tv . the charmings ! all the feels i have them !	1
we re excited to learn about cloud analytics from tomorrow ! join us tech rva	1
sting could always have another match before . i just read hes gonna be on raw tomorrow .	1
ted was pretty funny . however i am now singing neil diamond uncontrollably in the kitchen at on a sunday night . oh well	1
of many single issue reasons to reject harper . this is one . imagine the cost of removing all that concrete . elxn 	2
november nd google doodle honoring the birthday of the nobel prize awarded greek poet odysseas elytis . morning tweeps	0
we need some sunday magic like his in the final round of the honda classic !	1
apple s gives an update on the projects launched in june . applewatch has gate satisfaction . applelive	1
 amp what if by g eazy and black friday by kendrick and dark time the weeknd	1
carl ikeme really tried for the super eagles last saturday . finally a tough rival for enyeama . so calm and calculated .	1
beloved u c don u t worry about tomorrow ! wake up every morning conscious of jesus u supply . joseph prince	1
international talk like a pirate day s th anniversary celebrated by kevin dolak across the world to . . .	1
good morning nigeria its friday amp yes you can say tgif ! ! ! we can see service day in perspective its going to be . . .	1
cof cof someone is going to germany on november . . .oh i really envy you 	1
did you see launch her album nogood in venice beach on friday ? check the video 	1
learn about eid celebration s tomorrow . cakes malaysian cookies amp treats ! all warwick pg s welcome !	1
other than the super bowl appearance this may be the final time manning and brees face each other in a regular season game .	0
i love how randy comes back in time to be involved in a ppv and we all accept it because c mon it s randy orton	1
i might just die if i hear one more person say that halloween is the devil u s birthday . that u s crazy ! ! ! ! i was born on may th .	2
got so much accomplished today ! i hope to see lots of happy faces tomorrow rim for the wine cheese info for bella bay ! 	1
hey i m gonna see ed sheeran next wednesday so it s not all that bad	0
donald trump is for real five things we ve learned about the election 	0
morning with homeless men evening with charles dickens u s great great granddaughter standard day with st yrs at bucksadschool	0
maybe if sting had her on monday his facepaint would ve made it to pm	0
will the patch be delivered together with the . update for moto g st gen or separately ?	0
on sunday night u c does dick lebeau expect to match ike taylor up with a .j . green ? because i don u t think that u s gonna work in our favor .	2
never listened to the st . hard to ignore the nd working at hmv ! but like most things just got overplayed . agree on the rd .	2
can t wait for barbershop and the last friday to come out . ice cube is a top actor	1
have to say i think jason taylor may have been robbed by the married duo tonight of blake miranda . . .	2
bring it on willard mitt romney ! let me hear those zingers ! ! happy th wedding anniversary to president barack . . .	1
margo from paper towns . fascinated by how she just lives d life she wants . i m like q but i want to be like margo .	1
john cena may not be able to beat seth rollins but at least he can stop a boulder and saved scooby doo rekt	0
hope to see you at our social media week event in glasgow tomorrow . smwfilmcamp	1
this one will be the best yet ! mtvstars the vamps	1
cashee on tuesday wednesday math test on thursday an essay due thursday too to top it all off rain all week ! wtf !	2
kurt cobain or dave groul ? and may i have a follow from one of you ? ask sos	0
shame on you and your government . as an ex tory you disgust me . a soldier arrested over bloody sunday . whilst ira walk free .	2
best of luck to paul dunne this afternoon . he has already been brilliant and made us proud . may he play a great . . .	1
i like moose but he should stop bitching about the thor pitch . fuck escobar that s one way to get him back o stop swinging at the st pitch	2
if you re real . go to disneyland tomorrow	1
 . . .besides i agree with bernie sanders on percent of thing so you and i may be closer than you think .	0
lloyd robertson ended show with mention of his plaque from stratford today . joked that bieber didn t get there st . bieberbestedagain	0
tomorrow at this time i ll be with beyonce	1
tune in this wednesday at pm pst as i talk to dr . milan about fatigue and how it impacts our lives . i m very . . .	0
question time comes from london tomorrow night wth jerry springer and david miliband amongst those on the panel 	0
uncharted on march th ! come on ps keep up the quality exclusives !	1
oh yes ! we now have a pre order up for the forthcoming david bowie blackstar lp out th jan	1
cofield should have hopped off the dm sticks after his rd year . niggas was tired of him lol	2
interesting sacha baron cohen to play freddie mercury in the latter u s biopic	1
do you think the undertaker will defeat brock lesnar at sunday s wwe summerslam event ?	0
ed sheeran may make lovely music but he looks like a sex case 	0
russia denies deal with iran over military cooperation in meeting on wednesday breaking news buzz	2
hello robin i will be in new york on oct and i m a cancer survisor as well as a post op transwoman lets talk about caitlyn jenner	1
i love you ash ! hope the wwat was great ! i really enjoy to see you on june on stade de france ! hope to see you soon ! d	1
win or lose i think most dallas fans would agree it s just great to play in games as big as this one tonight again after yrs of mediocrity .	1
go set a watchman on shelves tuesday some already upset with sequel photo harpercollins 	0
yoga the sunrise and a nice long run easy sunday morning	1
ted suggests that thor s bitie skillz may have been genetic . mariel tells ted he needs a tetanus shot . badmoon	0
check this video out happy hippo the lions sleeps tonight via	1
look for me on tomorrow at am talking about exclusive hulk hogan apologizes for unacceptable racist rant	0
calling all christians with faith pray for the end of time is at hand . i m ready . are you ? take time this second .	0
omg ! mariah carey performed at israel i can still remember you don t mess with zohan . israelis may be the happiest people last night . d	1
saturday night observation i m really surprised seth rollins never had to change his hair style after winning the world title .	0
don u t worry edmonton tomorrow morning your main streets will be clear and ready for you to drive on ! ! ! ! i better go to bed	1
well yes it has been announced that i will be back for my rd year as host of disney s star wars weekends ! i m . . .	1
brock lesnar vs bo dallas at the msg show in october has been announced . it s like an early birthday present .	1
ever since the th grade all i ve wanted for christmas was justin bieber .	1
what people ? just kim fans ? lol girl that mixtape died with her unborn baby . we all know she use nicki for promo .	2
if barcelona beat eibar tomorrow and messi plays it will be messi s th win in a barca shirt .	0
tomorrow channel is years old . presenting the channel spotify playlist . what do you remember ? channel 	0
he is obsessed with star wars right now as a treat i am letting him watch family guy tonight heavenforgiveme	0
omg did yall see that video with kris jenner dancing to tuesday . . . dfl too cute and funny	1
seth rollins may be a coward or a sellout but he is definitely an awesome little ninja ! summerslam titlefortitle cenavsrollins	1
she is the new member beside danee . the th member .	0
have you ever been to scotland you may not realise ukip is nothing here . stick to your core voters of tinfoil heads	0
my mom tomorrow why are you so tired me flashbacks to watching chris evans interviews all night me uh	0
typical sat with the team nj national guard armory for meek mill u c machine gun kelly u c vado and funkmaster flex 	0
clearly rws fault . super stoked for monday u s radio programming and the shit storm about how matt flynn doesn u t fumble that ball .	1
still have x foo fighters tickets for sale for tomorrow at the milton keynes bowl pm . unable to go message me for details .	0
after the nd round you did your usual melodramatic spew that dustin johnson was in a class of his own . same old garbage .	2
we u re having the crazy substitute in yearbook again tomorrow she does yoga in the back of the room she told us not to listen to porn 	0
c mon now people choosing political figures from a music video award show kanye west is just as money hungry as anyone	2
hottest ticket in town for the week game of the ncaa finals on fri oct at pm at the smart araneta coliseum .	1
kendrick at the end of black friday crack me up every time	1
just for one day live david bowie tribute live in de maatschappij deze donderdag dec vanaf . uur met . . .	0
you went to henryville up til like th grade right ? ?	0
video game trailers launch trailer check out the launch trailer for mass effect . added fri oct . . .	0
ciao u c tennessee . hello u c kentucky . mali progress . i may actually make it home before the sun comes up .	0
click like if you re excited to hear our copper river salmon special ! check back tomorrow for more . . .	0
this was the last sunday without nfl football until valentine s day .	2
freestyle wednesday np big l u c jay z u c mos def u c black thought u c eminem u c yelawolf . . . love it	1
this is the year that all the earth may know that there is a god in israel !	1
uab s paul dunne will play in final group monday with louis oosthuizen . jason day will play with jordan spieth . britishopen	0
ok so he can pretend he s tom cruise in born on the th of july and inspirationally drive his butt up here	1
fire andy and bench vick is how we win monday . . . .put foles in already . he could be the next peyton manning	1
tomorrow shawn tickets will sell it and i m not going to buy them . fine .	0
hey members protect working families is sponsoring an event this saturday october at the farmington hills . . .	0
everybody worried about kanye west running for president in years but i still don t know what i m eating for breakfast tomorrow	0
star wars day d shame i can t see it until saturday rathe than today though 	0
niggas was really on some th grade shit tonight	2
how long does it take for videos to be posted on may have to watch tomorrow s arsenal on it .	0
just finished making a possible pre game cd for tomorrow nights game against bob jones u c thats how ready i am for the game goodnight	1
thanks to ek u c car now smells delish ! ! if you bottled this u c it u d be called saturday night dorm bathroom its spokesman would be john belushi .	1
we sat down with the talented to talk ted ! check out what she had to say !	1
it may be hard to keep up with their busy lives but kendall and caitlyn jenner will always find time for each other . amp caitlyn shared	0
star wishes all the students at a stressfree time registering for classes . may sage be with you	1
thanks ! join dean on tues from in bdr for the dean u s q tea in honor of nat u l coming out day bsulife	1
tom brady a free man there are parades in the streets of new england ! historians are saying thursday septemb . . .	0
here is a classic . . .reminds me of the show i am going to on monday stranded presents krautrock legend moebius . . .	1
dis u download all the epi with eng sub . . may i know from which website	0
 ifa international fair of electronic consumers of berlin ger sep . with samsung sony sharp epson toshiba	0
did you know this sunday is national ice cream day ? at abco this is a fun way for our team to enjoy the end of . . .	1
is currently on a week trial with stoke city played for their firsts in a training game v rochdale on tuesday	0
conor mcgregor may be moving up to and fight for the ufc belt ! confirmed by dana white ! what fight do . . .	0
i may regret this later in the season but i m so happy for david wright .	1
my favorite performance . wish i did the ass smack tho . watch beyonce live at the th annual bet awards beyday	1
murray is beaten before the qf of a grand slam for the first time in five years . anderson magnificent throughout took th set tiebreak 	0
courtney walked into the shop as she sat down looking at some papers then looked up naruto ? are you okay ? 	0
may be it s time to say good bye to galaxy note edge 	0
i m definitely going bum status tomorrow ! graphic tee gym shorts toms and a cardigan !	1
murray in real trouble now down a break in the rd usopen looking angry and frustrated	2
definitely starting my weekend with rickard s cardigan several pounds of wings and monday night football .	1
 bbc warned george osborne it would have to axe bbc and bbc due to cuts media the guardian	2
fbi asks for the and comedian jan hooks dies at white house with sex assault hazing after plunging as exit polls place him for isis ta . . .	0
 nd in the pub quiz tonight . tripped up by sharon stone s iq and a tibetan fox but we did make an excellent tin foil ostrich	1
and it confuses me that so many conservative christians wanted a christian in the white house . not trump .	2
this thursday amp friday clapham functional anatomy for yoga teachers with yoga teachers	0
sorry david wright this night belongs to the goat historywithanexclamationpoint	0
terry collins we are certainly right now . . . expecting david wright to be here monday . that means the series opener in philadelphia .	1
i though we were playing the st place al east team . looks like we re playing the red sox from right after the all star game	0
whatta match yesterday ! we may have not won but we probably played better then dublin and kerry will in the final lt 	1
it s not about jesus for us . thursday is named after thor . . .do you acknowledge thor on thursdays ?	0
follow the top lady gaga stories for dec on our topical page 	0
they were talking about it ! barcelona and real madrid have minor sides in the spanish nd division .	0
latest update on josh hamilton s knee rangers may have to make a call one way or another thursday 	0
saw the playstation th anniversary ps controller up close today . oh man do i want this as a huge fan of the original playstation .	1
love billy crystal introducing the st game of the world series .	1
 things twitter jack daniels pairs very well with cherry juice and sharknado may be the greatest movie ever .	1
ambassador azerbaijan may join the islamic coalition the country has received an offer from saudi arabia . articles politics 	0
aj wants to go to the pacers game saturday if there is any tickets	0
cool shot from austin city limits festival on saturday with and skrillex jacku repost	1
prince george harassed by paparazzi palace says prince george is no ordinary year old boy . be that as it may prince william . . .	0
i like testing amazon prime shipping so i don t order shit till on a friday to see if they can get it here by saturday . . .	0
wednesday and thursdays will be a struggle at work once the champions league resumes gmt 	0
joe biden on why he may not run for president my whole heart and my whole soul both are pretty well banged up . 	0
coldwater track at mac championship tonight . go cavs ! also a neat way to end freshman bb season with a fri night dh at celina on turf .	0
for the first time since april th tonight for the new york mets batting cleanup playing third base the captain number david wright	1
we have lots of chocolate left might have to take it to nns on sat ! rt anyone have an excess of sweeties left from last night ?	0
bbc news theresa may free eu movement for those with jobs quite right theresa come and join ukip	1
that u s shit banff would be better aswell ! still going out in keith on the rd ? x	2
very amazayn voice to the st verse man zayn malik ! xx	1
very exciting . love david price and he is going to love crazy corn . go jays go ! ! !	1
zain javadd zayn malik born january is an english singer and songwriter and a former member of the boy band one direction 	0
hah . it s friday baby ! the last work day of a week . tgif right buddy 	1
due up for tex in the th josh hamilton elvis andrus amp rougned odor . letsgorangers	0
winter storm watch for portions of the wdbj viewing area until pm tuesday .	0
gucci baggy skin below the eyes subliminal level head may toga virilis the duplicated yours proper herein cong . . .	0
no one knows tomorrow for kanye west he may like going west or north west but what if god says he is going nowhere or to south east	0
if hillary s server really is wiped it may be the st thing the woman has ever done right . tcot readyforhillary	0
briana going to memphis tomorrow w bro ham which means i m leaving too brooklyn lml i refuse to stay in boring as jersey by myself	0
please tell me you are doing foo fighters gig milton keynes sat ? hubs had food silverstone today amp it looked amazing ! !	1
we have the new batman trilogy on blu ray . at start of week pete declared we re going to order pizza amp watch them back to back on saturday .	0
so i got my st professional beard trim done at in plano . let me tell you there is nothing like it . curtis is awesome !	1
cnn amends debate criteria carly fiorina may get in cnn on tuesday amended its criteria for the ne . . . breaking	1
the st deus ex game was only ported to the ps home console . deusex	0
get the concords in december u c get my camaro into an accident with a brand new civic and get a ticket on top of it	2
selena s greatest hits album is set to come out november th and its called for you . then she s signed with interscope record finally ! 	0
anyone want to go see ted tomorrow	1
i m going to tell colwell we should do a jt bruno mars or janet jackson song for hip hop next monday for real	1
spirit week at my school . . . star wars day is on wednesday and i m in charge of bringing a game . . . hope these scrubs like battlefront ! gt 	1
pottstown and pottsgrove school districts closed on tuesday due to the hurricane .	0
if israel withdrew from west bank tomorrow it would be taken over by hamas isis or iran in a week .	2
wonder if chris christie can cancel valentine u s day and move it to april . .flowers are cheaper !	0
l l tomcruise movies born on the fourth of july dvd tom cruise r widescreen new deals bargains	0
and tomorrow swindon town have a date with aston villa . villa fans nervous ? stfc	0
monday s daily cask is india pale ale with cascades	0
your siblings may be cool but they aren t am dunkin run for the hell of it cool . latenightthoughts	2
thank you all that came to my channel to watch some batman failure action tonight . i will be back tomorrow maybe sunday .	1
there s going to be a baby boom about months after december 	0
show in troy tomorrow come and see me say you saw the facebook post and get off your purchase . . . .	0
here comes the sun the spiritual and musical journey of george harrison joshua	0
in honor of the release of star wars the force awakes this thursday december th is star wars day at nwphs . . . .	1
did you do it via the website ? igot a instant response monday from oldham with a new complaint days response to rest 	0
the show on sunday is at the house of blues in cleveland . the photo was taken at water street music hall in rochester happyhalloween	0
recognise this projecting clock ? you may have seen it in harry potter ! spotclock	1
time for some nekromantix gotta get them all up ins my head for the gig next saturday 	0
brook lopez gets a short shot u c brooklynnets lead w to play in the rd quarter . hellobrooklyn	0
whoa ! carly fiorina had interview with chris matthews after st debate and even he was impressed . . .	1
 st and u c ball on the wsh yd line . griffin back to pass u c looks u c moves around here comes justin tuck and down goes rg 	2
june th was just declared matt cain day ! this shall be my new favorite holiday perfectcain	1
watching the brilliant rick stein making paella on saturday kitchen live . . . .	0
come on you know most white people know about friday . it was the only movie that i wasn t scared of ice cube .	0
ok caribou playing can t do without you made me dance so hard i may have cried so i get it sam smith girls .	1
john kasich today seems like a good day to control the media cycle . nice calm tuesday twitter taylor swift said what ! ? ! 	0
i u m sitting home on a saturday night watching silent house with my parents . looooser xp	2
slow down . he u s a lib . u may hav explain him . remember charlie gibson told donwade roma he dnt know abt acorn .	0
disptaches from the tea room this afternoon we hosted a gluten free feast for a lovely member of staff who is leaving tomorrow .	1
the super eagles may not be playing the tiki taka football we expected but atleast our coach is as fit amp athletic as luis enrique .	0
wondering about carly fiorina on the nd amendment ? wonder no more . trump has supported gun control . carly president	1
getting my xbox back tomorrow ! honestly can u t wait ! my friends wants a competitive v u c see if cole is up for it man !	1
i just heard about frank gifford . anyone who ever watched monday night football enjoyed it more with him . rest in peace .	1
come support the show movement at parkdale high school on oct th from w aja u c dreamteam u c hqb u c dsb hib .	1
a few cinemas will be showing the wwa concert film again on friday th so if you haven t seen it yet go	1
david price s last two starts against the yankees have been horrendous . he takes the mound saturday	2
save the date the world bank u s new doing business report will be out october 	0
tomorrow s barbarians game at west harrow has been postponed due to the weather .	0
looking forward to the london grand prix in july . will the mens m be on the friday or the saturday ?	1
bobby jindal misses cut for st prime time prez debate louisiana governor jindal ranked th in the standing . . .	2
bubble update while you were tweeting trump john kasich has surged ahead of rick perry for th amp final debate spot	0
tkamb is her favorite book and atticus is was her favorite literary character . i hear comes a watchman was the st book	1
who knows hulk hogan may run according to his facebook . because he can t keep his mouth shut .	2
i haven t been to yoga since before i went to europe in july . i m so excited to take up my practice starting tonight .	1
fab we missy ! enjoy the gala tomorrow and s tribute to you . we are all so proud of you ! xoxo	1
the pretty reckless u c my chemical romance u c a day to remember u c seconds to mars u c hey monday u c evanescence u c mcfly etc . .	0
why does she hella look like a mix of jennifer lawrence and caitlyn jenner in the nd pic omg	2
prayer at the top of tower on top of the hot springs tower mountain at am tomorrow ! join us ! sharefest 	1
bracket vol . was exhibited in tokyo japan at the th magazine library in conjunction with futur cultur . watch 	0
this is literally the exact same mistake ice cube made with friday . don t do dis .	2
it depends which one we wanna go too . may th she u ll be in houston may st austin may san antonio and may th dallas .	0
someone come see ant man with me tomorrow .	0
cherie blair is sat on our coach going to the games ! olympics 	0
check out the new iron maiden video from their forthcoming album book of souls out september th ! m listen to . . .	0
president muhammadu buhari has given a definite date for the end of the boko haram insurgency latest by december . . .	0
the vamps music video tomorrow . which i m i m omg gonna be interesting to see how it turned out	0
i hope you make history sunday . show seth rollins what being champion is all about	1
happy nd birthday kendall francis schmidt ! i love you forever ! rushers will always be here for u . god bless . mwah mwah 	1
i finally got to play drums to irene at an concert ! wouldn t let me until tonight	0
damian may be a better fighter one day but for now jason is the best fighter amp he s got batman s prep skil .	1
rainy weekend helps power surging uk box office as disney scores double with inside out and ant man at and 	1
halftime here at the san siro . still . can the nd half produce goals ?	0
people need to full stop stop using that for white characters . full stop . it s exactly what nicki criticized in the st place .	2
we got tickets for the late show with david letterman which will air tonight ! look for us in the rd row . billy crystal is the guest .	0
joint leader amateur paul dunne to win the open championship tomorrow . padraig harrington is . jordan spieth tops market at !	0
pop bottles make love thug passion . red bottoms mon claire . high fashion 	1
rich guys can t make other rich guys look bad it s the st law of rich guys or something .in the end even sony . . .	0
hint raced in the first sscx race in new england . he was u c of course u c th .	0
for real if drake s rd diss starts out with that brock lesnar intro . . . . shut it down .	0
donald trump may have the answer for america s immigration reform if we are to survive terrorists attacks from all who are already here .	1
nobody wants to see you panting in the shadows over magic mike xxl at pm on a monday .	0
jan hooks icecarats designer jewelry k madi k synthetic garnet jan dangle earrings explore the icecarats design	0
edge of tomorrow is literally groundhog independence day . though less stupid than that makes it sound .	2
if i knew on april st that kurt cobain was going to die i must have known the emotional reasons	0
but the point is that corbyn s sympathy for ira is not relevant in deciding whether to vote same way as him tomorrow	2
i just ordered several mongoose from amazon . they ll be on my doorstep tomorrow morning .	1
or is she hoping that that gay man needs to be available to be her th husband .	2
wanna winwin some tickets to the vice x cph dox dk x dr party this saturday with james murphy and manydj u s on . . .	0
do it ! i u m one of those rare natural california blondes . . . open after .nov . would love some ct anyways . . .	1
indians fire manager acta with six games left the cleveland indians fired manager manny acta on thursday u c endin . . .	0
so we still just gonna ignore the fact that frank ocean hasn t dropped his album and it s august lmao ?	2
march st should be officiall national bieber day where we get a day off school .	0
grammy award winner sam smith was confirmed tuesday as the artist chosen for theme song duties for spectre th . . .	0
how to get over a breakup watch gilmore girls . after lorelai s nd or rd breakup you re good to go . breakupcure gilmoregirlsonnetflix	1
anyone going for all saints day mass tomorrow at hf ?	0
 d playing tonight on our back deck pm . off duty angels tomorrow night . sam adams promo and red sox . . .	0
i u m loving all the bond films on sky anytime . i u m on my th of the day	1
john kasich on tuesday will become the th major republican candidate for president	1
part of the india u a u playing xi u c will be available for the ranji trophy opening fixture against baroda starting tomorrow .	0
and i thought he was a relativist . kerry sees rationale in charlie hebdo murders unlike friday s attacks in paris 	2
fans bought niall a guitar to give to him at the otra gillette show september !	1
omg tegan amp sara are going to be in oakland on nov i must go !	1
aaron rodgers may be the best qb in the nfl and he is still improving yahoo sports ! nigga fuck with my teamm	1
lets be real even wit are d injured u c flacco fuckin up u c doin bad on the road u c are d playin like shit we still nd best team in afc ravens	0
any chance that you guys will be offering the new moto g rd gen in the near future ?	0
some context on aaron rodgers interception and win rates trailing in the nd half 	0
what is true of the individual will be tomorrow true of the whole nation if individuals will but refuse to lose heart and hope . gandhi	1
david cameron was at my college on wednesday what the actual fresh hell is this ?	0
david bowie s new minute epic just released from his new album out in january . middle bit is vintage weird bowie .	1
watching puss in boots ghost rider spirit of vengeance with the family ! d d character roll up and bio tomorrow !	0
kanye west did you say this was your i want people to like me speech ? you may need to work on that . let s start with definition of like .	0
new daily reported on the th that lee soo man s wife passed away succumbed to an illness .	2
hey zz are you going to watch monday night raw ? are you looking forward to see john cena to return are undertaker and brock lesnar	0
let s be honest how many of ya sat down and listened to kendrick s to pimp a butterfly ? cause i skimmed through it once and turned it off	2
wow i guessed it right that justin was gonna be on ellen on the th . i was gonna get tickets but i didn t know it was gonna be in ny	1
so that bitch gave me a show wednesday ! come to rumours on ice not figure skating fleetwood mac for the amazing show !	0
i m going to count how many flannels tied around the waist and nirvana shirts at sos tomorrow	0
saturday night paul mccartney s solo album spinning on the crosley and a pile of graphic novels from the library in bed under xmas lights	0
murray would be working the night shift at mcdonalds in glasgow if he hadn t learned how to hit a tennis ball	0
very soon iran will be the th . who will be the first to start a nuclear war iran or russia ?	2
mines personal thinking tebow is better then flacco . i don u t care how bad he played sunday	1
wwe are distancing themselves from hulk hogan like a guy who s instagram crush just posted a picture of her boyfriend on a monday .	0
why abp is telecasting yakub family interview . it is to get the sympathy . abp may be hanged along with yakub	2
and you were played on styled to rock on tuesday night x	0
peyton siva and his gf sat next to me and at church today . glad he came after fellowship haha just joking ! bbn	1
should do everything in his power to keep messi from walking onto jerry s cabbage patch field in the nd half .	0
upcoming saturday cherry moon the start of a whole new season of the harder styles first contact ! ! with . . .	0
nigga is . . how he know he gay . . . . he ever see a titty before ?	2
im going to try to watch vampire diaries i missed sun of it	0
ducks game viewing party at the house saturday starting around pm . feel free to hit me up and come through ! huskyhateweek goducks	1
david wright sits out most of the year . hits a home run feet in st ab . unreal	1
departure of ship arabian oryx port abu dhabi time nov am utc time of arrival departure is the time the vessel a . . .	0
threshold s new album march of progress is now out ! what song do you like the most ? if you wanna help the band s . . .	0
socratic seminar tomorrow about if catholics should vote for obama or rommey . .i dont care about politic in my country . .imagine in another . . .	0
fallout is due for release in just two months on november for the xbox one playstation and pc but . . .	1
epic weekend on the horizon foo fighters tomorrow and hopefully wales finally finishing the job sunday	1
hope the sun doesn t face the fate of charlie hebdo .	2
the new iron maiden album for those that may be interested need another listen but i like it so far m 	1
 yeaah but i got coursework ummm it u s going to be friday tho u c break time . . . hustle up then	0
jk may have found a way to record ! untildawn using just the ps ! way to go sony you are winning . hope it works out	1
i legitimately just walked into ihop and got my own menus from behind the host stand and sat myself . hahaha	1
tomorrow getafe barcelona copa del rey . looks like messi will start on the bench for the rd consecutive time	0
brock lesnar is facing the undertaker at summerslam this sunday . that shits gonna be sick .	0
off to watch el classico now . . . . may even rewatch the first mins of yesterday mufc u c nufc too	0
to add to your budget smartphone list may i introduce to you the new moto g rd gen which is unlocked and starts at ! !	1
cliff avril leaves detroit lions game with back injury detroit lions defensive end cliff avril left sunday u s game . . .	2
for international women s day let s not forget trans women and those who don t follow the gender binary !	2
oops i m rewatching nicki s performance for probably the th time	1
february th cleveland los angeles lakers . kobe bryant looked angry a lot in this game and byron scott started weeping in the third	2
david price s th k of the night his first called ends the clevelands th inning . he s seen above the minimum . bluejays trail .	0
can december th get here any faster ? i want to watch star wars already	1
i want to go to the janet jackson concert in january .	1
watched devil inside and paranormal activity . . . . . yes i u m definitely going to church sunday morning !	1
mere dholna sun bhool bhulaiyaa shreya ghoshal the real class . . . .	0
i forgot all about ice cube being in the movie first sunday . i think i seen this shit in the theaters .	2
national ice cream day is sunday yes there s a day for everything . start your weekend off with a healthy . . .	1
no don t think he s ready yet . with kane n jie son chadli amp lamela we have enough options till jan ade in case of emergency	0
 success saturday having a great time at the th annual girlfriend group celebration ! wood cofield maddox	1
the zac brown band is coming to socal in october ! if you know who they are ahaa	1
oh ya know just watching a documentary on the real jigsaw murderer before my th first time in hell ! chelsea wyd ? ? ? ? ? ? ? 	2
lmfao ! you know why they call japan the land of the rising sun right ? . . .cause everyone there is squinting all day long .	1
 . million people watched miss usa on reelz ! this sunday ! congrats to the true winner	1
stayed until the end . red sox won but not without a few heart palpitations in the th !	0
let our nov . vote be in andrew breitbart u s name . let u s show he did not die in vain ! a vote for romney a vote for andrew	1
bjp warns rahul gandhi about using words like chamcha sycophants the bharatiya janata party bjp on fri . . .	0
did i just hear bowles say that the scrimmage at metlife tomorrow is no longer a scrimmage ?	0
i am not used to being back to the dark side . it is legit jet black hello wednesday adams haha !	0
i m going to feedme in ohio june rd	0
what time do gucci foams go on sale on friday ? thanks for the help	0
yeah alls good im back in college just finishing off my degree in cit so ill be all done in may . then job time 	1
tomorrow will be the day i get up and go to dunkin in the morning i feel it	1
addicted to dexter . . . what s new . almost done with season and i just got it on thursday !	1
about to begin our sojourn on mysterious island for vbs . plane crash u c storm u c chased by pirates . . .and that u s just st night . times each	0
you may feel you u re alone u c but i u m here still with you . you can do what you dream just remember to listen to the rain by amy lee	0
refusing to own a gun may cost jeb bush dearly crime is out of control in america . bush going unarmed will ma . . .	2
 everton s europa league clash away at lille on oct is now sold out . all allocated tickets have gone say the club .	0
 np bagsakan by parokya ni edgar u c gloc and francis m . i may sound baduy but it u s the only tagalog song nga nindooooot jod kaayo dmd 	1
i do remember . it was like leaked at st so he made a new one for careless world	0
burnin it down timeflies tuesday better than jason aldean	1
i m gonna give one to leverkusen and two to mainz relegating dortmund to the th position	0
still working on batman and the hero s journey and archetype . we will wrap that up tomorrow . also finishing up rcbm assessments . goal .	0
panasonic eluga getting ice cream sandwich update panasonic may have all but pulled out of the european smartp . . .	0
 drake may not be the best to y u all but to me he is ! meeee	1
lol yeah was all set to oppose on sat until he got drawn vs richard bland lol	0
think bernie sanders may be headed for an accident with gym equipment like the one that banged up harry reid ? hillary 	2
when obama sat down and began considering allowing gay marriage he was not all in for it it troubled him	0
don t think was originally ibm branded but still didn t want any weird rd party ant virus like stuff meddling with my os	0
i u m going to georgetown tonight . nd annual gtown fest	0
 nd time to new creation church to see joseph prince for the st time .	0
top five holidays for side chicks . president u s day day after valentine u s day black friday april fool u s day groundhog u s day	0
why inteliquent inc . jumped tuesday morning with a fresh t mobile contract under its belt the behind the . . .	1
spot freaking on from angels fans booed the wrong person friday when they targeted josh hamilton .	0
an emotionally intelligent organisation through mindfulness ? find out how with in san fran in dec pls rt !	0
i do love my iphone plus but i am definitely not a fan of the fact that i just accidentally sat on it and it is now another shape . . .	2
i added a video to a playlist sheamus explains why he will take down randy orton smackdown july 	0
 evidentlyitsfrownedupon to support gay marriage women s choice states rights amp the nd ammendment at the same time . too much freedom ?	2
tomorrow is national ice cream day ! sunday july th icecreamday come on down for a free homemade waffle cone with every ice cream order !	1
the really interesting people are the ones who take their shirts off in the sun because they saw twilight .	1
may the odds be ever in your favour aussie directioners u c hot sgo denticket	1
the sneak peek of the hunger games last night on the vma s was ridiculous ! i am soo mad i watched e w fl	2
miss ! robbie keane gets on the end of a david beckham cross from the right u c but his header is just over in the th minute .	0
amy schumer gets realer than real about the kardashians women s magazines and ffshoes	0
dear friends new york is calling and from th to october i ll exhibit in chelsea with the famous gallerist nina torres . .i can t wait . .	1
meccan trade and the rise of islam is one of the most important books of the th c . on this topic .	1
off to ibz tomorrow . paradise zoo project we love . . . and circoloco all on the cards	1
message from argentina if u don t come w snarky in november we ll have make a video begging like the foo fighters fans did .	0
anyone wanna see jason aldean with me sept th ? ! got an extra ticket ! ! ! !	1
congratulations on scoring your first goal for swansea yesterday . may i say that you look exactly like jonas gutierrez !	1
 . . .i hope they ve left school by now ! ! . . .i ll bring the photos tomorrow night from bilbao . .der der der der .i love you baby !	1
sun is rising and we re not tired we ll be dancing on for days with mad man . well done got goosebumps new fave song 	1
 done with every other monday by john kasich has to respect the spiritual firewall . . .	0
some areas of new england could see the first flakes of the season tuesday .	0
if you are a college undergrad and really want to see greek life or even just turn up to levels you can t imagine be ucla fri amp usc sat .	0
tomorrow is the last day for early voting here in nevada u c if you havent already go vote ! ! dont wait til tues . to do so . . .	0
nice . . . may be i don t know much about islam bt i respect it by heart amp i think everybody should respect the other religion .	1
the st time . i will never forget tht night . hope you get to come back soon . god bless you niall . good night .	1
tomorrow i must watch the new pll halloween episode and watch the video for mcfly s new song .	1
alright godzilla then x men then equalizer . ill just have to blow one between everu movie to stay awake but im off tomorrow	1
 tolonews tolonews october top news in this bulletin the international committee of the . . . afghanistan	0
you are essentially sat chit ananda existence knowledge bliss absolute . you are that brahman ! live to realize the self ! attain nirvana ! om	0
 catholicchurch required jews to become catholics during the nd world war should do the same to muslims .	2
when we were in rd grade she stole my valentine day cards and crossed my name out and put hers on them n passed em out .	2
to anyone in briana s family who may stumble upon this let it be known that we ve always believed you re bottom of the barrel trash but that	2
there were clues the administration had a connection to the rolling stone rape hoax . this is pretty definitive	0
yeah could u imagine kim kardashian as the st lady ? u would have leaders from other countries asking what up with her big ass ?	0
uh how is zayn gonna party with liam tomorrow when he s still in la ? i don t think that s what the pap was taking about	0
lol cause we went to the zoo today saw lions and tigers and all lat	0
fine ! let s get grateful dead and tame impala on the th day too they re both holograms tho	1
non stop harry potter in our house since friday ! make it stop ! ! !	2
iowa gop poll results are here in rd place jeb bush with in nd place donald trump with and in st place is john cena	1
i m in shock that tegan is going training tomorrow	2
kendrick s lyrics are for the black community . . which is adapted by almost all now	1
incredible ! ! any pupils able bring it our star wars day sat ? not sure even our master model maker could top it !	1
tomorrow morning the place to be is laico a debate on icc .we have talked about it online now we do it face to face	1
friday fish fry and football with tressa ! ffffdate	0
s line news katy perry taylor swift taylor swift may have dissed katy perry in her track bad blood but it a . . .	0
i think having briana be a full time housewife may be the best thing for the show as she would be a good way for the girls to let vicki back	0
tomorrow im doing a poll at pm which series of dancing on ice is ur fave the celeb pro that won the series will get a shoutout	0
first draft tonight . . . i don t care foo fighters on saturday !	1
we are getting ready for a great bollyfit pro day tomorrow with our instructors !	1
scott walker s having a meet n greet blocks from me wed morning . so tempted to go amp soak up the absurdity .	0
seth rollins is much less than zero percent happy . he wanted this past monday to be the greatest night of his career ! smackdown	2
anybody kno how much the basketball tickets are for the vuu vs . vcu game tomorrow ?	0
dwayne bravo and darren sammy will donate their match fees from the rd odi to the wife of runako morton . . . ! ! wi	0
if danny elfman john williams amp walter murphy all died tomorrow who would write all the film scores for hollywood ? !	2
ah yes u c sexy saturday in the turner house . . . .	1
big brother coming back us v uk . th anniversary of blur oasis battle which blur won with country house .	0
good saturday afternoon workout . . . by myself ! that u s how i grind nowadays . at the playground with aaliyah now . goodtimes	1
trump gay marriage the law of the land republican front runner donald trump said friday that he wished a k . . .	0
i personally think the ira was political injustice against catholics may ve been the motivating force . islamists mad dogs .	2
i may not like her music but mariah carey is the queen of shade i worship her .	1
bible study at ffchurch tonight ! so stoked ! haven t been back since ny and bama .	1
john lamb gives up a solo home run to ryan braun in the st .	0
hey sue . so excited to see you at wppi u tomorrow . we u re coming don canada and would love to buy you a drink .	1
guess which star is the th most greatest women in the world and won many grammy awards and is a singer ?	1
news on the sting angle from monday s raw wwe raw sting	1
and if ur saturday night ain t planned around beyonce at mia we def not the same	0
b texted me and told me that she amp her mom went to see magic mike xxl she loved the st one and she hated it .	2
n .h . poll trump still st but the mentally unstable john kasich jumps like a boss into nd place 	0
carly fiorina s rise in polls may mean inclusion in the next gop debate	1
camila is promoting the shit out of her single and faved james tweet from the vamps normani and lauren may be throwing 	2
 mlbfantasy josh donaldson went for with a solo homer and two runs scored monday against the red sox .	1
fm preview derby county v peterborough united apr footymad attempt to assist you with their form guide as . . .	0
after stephen wright tosses a no hitter into the th resulting in a win vs david price . should i sell for degrom ?	0
roads are straight ass . may be better further east i m out in milan tonight .	0
tweeting u c beats me to the punch . i u m sure he aims to beat everybody else tomorrow night in nns race nascar	0
c mon huck ! gay marriage is legal nationwide if she doesn t want to give them certificates she needs a new job .	0
 redskins defenders stephen bowen u c barry cofield and rob jackson swarm manning on st down ! cofield and jackson credited with sack ! httr	0
dustin johnson on round of i hit plenty of good shots just couldn t roll it in . says he needs something in range tomorrow .	0
amazon prime should have it here by wednesday . squee !	1
today is day of the festival of india to bali from november ! get your tickets from arma . . .	0
price for moto g nd edition already came down from to in the last one year . further fall is expected .	0
monday s best of the web floyd mayweather flips out sheen roast melissa mccarthy wins an emmy dve morning show	0
national hot dog day is tomorrow july rd ! will you take care of business like this little tyke ? love this kid ! ! !	1
kane returns monday on raw will we see the mask or not wwe	0
aww it comes out in february . just in time for valentine s day this looks a mazing .	1
bashaara graves had points and rebounds in her debut with tennessee in an exhibition game on thursday . she played minutes .	0
kim kardashian s kimoji app broke the app store kim launched kimoji s monday kim themed emojis and the response was crazy .	1
i still have the jason aldean ticket for sale ! lawn ticket at riverbend on august rd ! i will take the highest offer ! dm if interested !	0
and lemme tell you why my amazon prime addiction is real . i could go to the store to purchase an umbrella but im online . delivery tomorrow .	1
jordan farmar who may get bought out would be better but even then only for the minimum if he would take it .	1
i did laundry and didn t lose a single sock in the process and they moved the rousey v . holm fight to nov . today is a good day ! ! ! ! !	1
news alert westindies players to fly back on their own expense after the th odi in dharamsala . indvswi	0
the san diego county fair theme will be game on all about board pinball tv and computer games . begins june . sdfair	0
milk chocolate day is tomorrow . are you ready to celebrate ! ?	0
just been to with for st time since blake . walked reggie anna u c really sweet dogs .	1
you can sell your soul to the devil but your ass belongs to brock lesnar . . just be the greatest ever to pick up a mic	1
so can i skip school tomorrow and go to the city to see shawn the jacks amp justin	1
we ve got on the show this sunday at am ct . we ll talk new ufc fights rousey palhares and more on	0
thinking about auburn is putting me in the best mood today . missyoubabe	1
zayn i just wanna see you winning grammy on this very first debute album . c mon just introduce a new genre of music called zop or zquadom .	1
you may have principles but lack reality . liberal far out perform harper amp mulroney s record . too bad	0
hella forgot it s thursday therefore there s a new episode of naruto on hulu therefore it s lit	1
i have two wishes that it was tuesday already that i had ten eyes so i could read go set a watchman faster .	1
 st gonzaga game of the year ! ! ! gozags	1
and the nba all star game will be played on february at toyota center in houston u c texas . need i say more . . .	0
 video prepix s choreography video is also available on nate for those of you who may wish to view on mobile devices 	1
last night i dreamt it was tomorrow u s game and you invaded the pitch to throw your scarf at roger johnson . weird .	0
xinhua forges partnership with china telecom xinhua news agency on monday forged a partnership with china telec . . .	0
i bet . they are coming to vegas the th . i wanna go then . what were tickets there ?	0
fuck sat ! act is where it u s at ! d	2
so when people joined the ira after bloody sunday amp ballymurphy was it rd generation wise up	0
throwback thursday shots . first trip to jurassic park as brian skoyles guest and he has one . now i take my friends . .	1
with nunes holm pena all carving out potential paths to title shots the cupboard may not be as bare for rousey as we thought .	0
christians refused to convert to islam . isis killed them all on the spot as they sat in their own living room . rip	2
haha maybe that s what all the commotion was about at metlife on august th	0
june christianity s nine eleven . kim davis . . . . its first causality . must all christians now leave the public sector or conform ?	0
i didnt want to just pop up . . . but yep we have chapel hill next wednesday you should come . . and shes great ill tell her you asked	1
lucky man . i got my ipad when they st came out upgraded from an ipad . awesome bit of kit . goes everywhere with me can t live without it	1
i don t see the point in the rd tate vs rousey fight it s not like they both have a win a piece ronda has clattered her both times .	2
yeah girl disney tomorrow and zac brown on saturday ! let s have lunch saturday if you re not busy	1
perfect pairing . the singapore slingers plus the white ghost shivers august . tix	1
banging on the rollingstones on a friday night with to start the weekend after hour nirvana .	1
friends be ready to celebrate national ice cream day tomorrow with graeters !	1
i m fucking loving this i hope this drags on all day tomorrow but he will join real madrid	1
lmao my last retweet u c i was popped from th grade to sophomore year u c jr year i was doing something u c and sr year u c you couldn u t tell me shit	0
best news i heard all day ! ! ! my boy from the david wright returns tomorrow ! woooooo !	1
since today is national ice cream day does that mean that tomorrow is the observation of national ice cream day ?	1
just found out my bro is going to be on espn sat night for the neb game ! ! sad i can t see it so you should watch it bigdebute	1
november rd norfolk u c va norva theatre nas only november th washington u cdc dar constitution hall . . . . . .for you concert seekers out there !	0
democrats will quickly implode and concede . obama will either veto the boehner bill or invoke the th amend . . .then impeach !	2
who s going to zac brown band aug th ? trying to decide if i want to go !	0
 rd mariah song of the night and nooooooooo . that was so bad . xfactor	2
selling section b row seat to the vamps in jan on the rd ! ! ! ! ! ! right in front of brad hmu	0
if the price is artificially pushed up may be they should develop in prince george ?	0
cowboys beat giants st game of da nfll season n da mavs beat the lakers without dirk all is well till playoff picture is painted blunted	1
jersey friday danny elfman does it get any better ?	1
rehab update kirk nieuwenhuis and david wright score in the th to put the mets up . kirk reached on a bb wright on a fielders choice .	0
the baby boom and economic recovery post recession levels of employment may be affected as much by demographics as by the nation s e . . .	0
why ford a much better mayor than tory . . ford saved taxpayers about b . tory hiked taxes borrowed to balance budget in st year topoli	0
they have some really creative things going on at tapanco calle and . for instance this concert tomorrow . . .	1
is that liam neeson sat next to roman abramovich ? u c i u d sleep with one eye open tonight if i was dimatteo ! cfc mufc supersunday	0
 tgnarmy dark souls new trailer embrace the darkness april 	0
local concert promoters c presents may be sold . could this be the last truly austin city limits festival ?	2
this is the nd time i u ve seen a niqqa wear galaxy foams	0
thank you joey votto . . . thank you my good friend . . and thanks for that th out kris bryant . . . how you doin cubbies ? ? haha serieswin reds	1
as of monday the nd we will have off all compatible generic hp panasonic lanier and kyocera cartridges at	0
let s play how much liquor can briana get her hands on at the family party before anyone notices tomorrow .	0
only one day to go before the release of go set a watchman ! see you all at am tomorrow . . . 	1
i worked at chesters u c the george was our nd home u c we loved it . ill certainly be back ! 	1
no matter what happens tomorrow the important thing is whether or not frank ocean puts out another album	1
what giants or niners fans would wanna go to the sunday night game at metlife ?	0
i ve seen the milan show on the th of may and it has been the best night ever .	1
it s not like a guy who s now a rd stringer behind christian ponder and teddy bridgewater could lead the pats to wins one year . . . .	2
breaking ian thorpe steps out with confidence papped for the st time since revealing he s gay at	0
well hell . i m drivin by myself in nebraska tomorrow . why do i get the feeling that this will not end well . . . .	2
volunteering the obama campaign this am ! but i keep waitin olivia to come in yelling super tuesday is coming people ! 	1
 nowplaying the no . hit of janet jackson escapade from march till march at the billboard top 	0
tomorrow the new harper lee novel go set a watchman is released ! ! !	1
for the st time has a high startup impact does anyone at have a clue ? windows fail	2
i m surprised it took this long after zayn left for this to happen .	0
not sure archie is to interested in this drab england performance . kane on nd half . maybe he can play with rooney	0
rolling stone editor quits on same day uva frat brothers sue rollingstone	0
ed sheeran fucking loves minnesota tho by the end of his taylor swift concert u c it will be his th time performing here u c of them in year	1
my sis was like kanye should run for prez in . me do you really want kim kardashian as st lady ? drops mic 	0
so i went to a school to fill out a form with a pencil omigod just realized i accidentally took the sat instead of voting today	2
yeah she been there for like years n she gettin stationed back in georgia in june i think	0
watching sharknado .	0
media going mad for anderson silva in rio and its only wednesday saturday is gonna be epic	1
i guess the great british public who voted labour instead of ukip in may can thank their lucky stars that we don t have a lab snp gov now . . .	0
 th amendment fiasco crazy shit about muslims now proposing to cancel state visits . careening all over the place . . .	2
this is happening in venice beach on sunday with and friends . lets hang ! i ll have stickers with me .	1
they said talking tom brady in the rd round was a bad idea lets gooooooooooo ! ! !	0
wishes to all men amp women follow the true path of islam . may allah guide us . ameen	1
rt dexter like surgery theme please rt hey were shooting the video for radiosurgery this thursday ! muahahahaha . . .	1
have you seen lawless ? if guy pearce doesn u t get an oscar nomination for that u c i may possibly give up on the academy awards . .	0
congrats to wayne rooney for breaking the highest goal record for england . super eagles coach sunday oliseh . . .	1
why do i have to go down to leeds tomorrow to do some intel training when i could just go to digi and have or maybe vodkas	0
im so sad in class i was like im seeing taylor swift tomorrow ! and everyone was like i fucking hate her she s so fake and ugly 	2
when did wilt chamberlain have time for basketball ? tuesday marked the birthday of greatest athlete to come fro . . .	1
hey no matter what happens to paul dunne he can always say he led at the end of the day on sunday .	0
today is national kissing day coz it u s no work day tomorrow ! ! !	1
last monday on raw seth rollins he was talking about john cena nose smackdown	0
nice relaxing night in the woods now off to green bay tomorrow ! gopackgo	1
 real estate saudi arabia to reveal budget on monday three ministers amp the chief exec of the kingdom s . . .	0
 missusa i wonder if someone from st take is going to invite miss usa to the show	0
wow sti is off today since it s singapore s independence day	0
reading vanishing grace answer this when have you felt loved ? is love the st word that comes to mind when you think of christians ?	0
paul dunne shares rd round lead at the open . . . . wait who ? ! ? !	0
anyone know where i can buy arolladora tickets ? for pico rivera ? on the th ? ? wss sold out 	2
i opened this account on march th when zayn left since then i ve meet some amazing people who share the same love with d .	1
haven t we had enough with donaldtrump running for president ?now kanye west ? ! kanyewestforpresident 	0
hello ashton . i may not be a crazy obsessed fan but i really do like you . that literally just sounded crazy srry im so awkward	1
tottenham hotspur boss andre villas boas has played down speculation that he is already lining up a january bid for . . .	0
there are perks of being an oakland raider . one of them ice cube takes care of you . on wednesday night the . . .	1
 amp sting on monday night . sting vs seth rollins at night of champions for the title and john stewart got a attitude adjustment	0
twins highlight miguel sano hits his th hr in just his th game tommy milone ip h in win vs . white sox espn 	0
hillary is the washington establishment say whatever it takes to get elected . we need a change up . . . it may not be me but elect someone	2
in th grade i was dead ready to fight niggas for saying frank ocean was gay bc like . . . .he s bi . n apparently people can t get it through	0
vice president of the senegalese fa has resigned after crowd trouble forced the abandonment of saturday s home tie with ivory coast .	2
it s friday friday ! gotta drink tea on friday ! did you sing it like you were rebecca black ? ! 	0
 mba casestudy namaste google and ceos but multiculturals mttr !may b the era of bad translations wd b over ?	0
may the force touch be with you apple . unleash that monster ipad . come on ! appleevent	1
still i write my songs about the dream of mine . . worth everything i may ever be mtvstars lady gaga	1
welp let s see if tony romo can put me over the top today fantasyfootball	0
an absolute bomb by kris bryant his th hr on the year . cubs up now on the giants . sfvschc	1
may god look after you .ps if john cena can come back soon so can you dtnation	1
 sportsnews leo eyes record barca seek boost in the week that he marked the th anniversary of his competitive . . .	1
tomorrow you can show me lucas scott and lily roe loser	2
 am i want to give you tickets to see janet jackson sept 	1
 st is how reduce clout of reliance in the govt u s pricing of lpg and other fuels .	0
cabaret at warners tonight then a matinee show at eastbourne tomorrow . wednesday off to the kings theatre southsea . have a happy week . . .	1
it s alright we just wanted to make sure you re free to go out sat night . . . we re going to book a room at jurys inn 	1
john kasich thinks the roots are offensive 	2
yes and by big points . similar to the cotton bowl last saturday .	0
i m going to be so inactive tomorrow so if niall has a follow spree pls spam for me	0
out here making fun of kim for being pregnant when we should be questioning why it s the last day of august tomorrow amp where is frank ocean ?	0
zip lash may be old but twitch is playing dark souls managed to defeat the second boss .	0
feed fournette and win y all gonna like tomorrow s game preview . except the part where lsu needs to run the ball	1
happy th birthday to josh herdman ! he portrayed gregory goyle in the harry potter films .	1
 stack of pancakes ihop tomorrow you re welcome fam	1
just reading chris evans fanfiction and crying usual thursday night stuff	2
you re well versed in bees what do you make of rolling stone vs bayer ?	0
skyline drive shenandoah w the fambam tomorrow ! afghans at a park . . on a sunday . . how unique lol	1
khedira is currently out with a muscle injury little space in this season in ancelotti s team and might ask to go as early as january .	0
home base super eagles having their first training with coach sunday oliseh and his assistant francois	0
soo happy that i don t have to go to school till later tomorrow since sophmores are taking the cashee . time for me to over sleep ! d	1
charlie hebdo anyone anyone anyone ? oh we believe in the st amendment lucky salon .	0
breaking m a news today canada u s potash corp . in talks with israel u s netanyahu on merger with israel chemicals . that may be worth . bln	0
next friday at airline skate center u cmicheal jackson tribute night . friday night u c ill be on the s s .	0
details make watchman s origins seem even more mysterious . and now perhaps a rd book ? gosetawatchman harperlee	0
tony blair has become the must have accessory for every selfrespecting dictator ranging from khazakstan to egypt	2
how long will i have to wait to see ted nugent rape and kill a kangaroo ? c u mon discovery channel the apocalypse is right around the corner .	2
very ! now i have the rest of today and tomorrow off . i m about to visit the book depository for lila .	0
early bird catches the strava fail . bosses lscc club run sat in spartacus flemings u c wheel all day .	0
one million people marched in london in the past six months . but they don t care until tottenhams tonight 	2
what s this ? you may ask . it s a fan project for niall s birthday ! want to get noticed by niall ? make a video !	0
 . . . but if i say wilt chamberlain is the th best player ever u c it u s the start of a long u c fruitless argument that no one can win . 	2
with mommy u c dada u c apple and cherry are going to noah u s park . we u ll be back tomorrow	0
had a dream that i saw nirvana live and kurt cobain sat and split his cigarette with me afterward and told me about life . woke up sad .	2
check out the christmas trading times for the eagle farm markets ! don t miss the twilight fresh market on wednesday !	0
yo free coffee tomorrow from dunkin if the birds win right	0
thursday night football on cbs college sports live from walton stadium put your black on and get the red out !	0
i was gonna spend this time reading the article i was assigned for class tomorrow but it s been minutes n i m still screaming about nicki	0
looking stunning at the aactas . see cate blanchett s next great performance in carol . in cinemas january .	1
billy cundiff may be leaving washington . hopefully he won u t miss the door on the way out .	1
me when the boys th album and zayn s album comes out dragmedownpower	1
we usually get president u s day in february before wks for spring break in march . that u ll be it til may for summer break .	0
erdogan is taking turkey to war to win an election . this may be the biggest miscalculation of his political career	2
annual season kick off with fennario new england s tribute to the grateful dead saturday aug th doors at pm	1
about to roll up to the first day of school tomorrow in some gucci flip flops .	0
thank you ! instead of beating up bad guys batman is beating up my ps . this is the rd time your game crashed my ps .	2
stats flying around lately but this is my favourite today is the nd game where troy tulowitzki and david price play for the blue jays .	1
wildcat workout october st in the old gym at pm ! ! fvsu rt x	0
then i will refrain from telling you about my plan to watch mysterious island with my son tomorrow night . he u s 	0
good night john cena talk to you tomorrow	1
i m sure it did cuz ice cube wrote the script to friday .	0
i try to always pay for the order behind me at dunkin on monday s . .starts both of our weeks off on a good note .	1
departure of ship sham port abu dhabi time nov am utc time of arrival departure is the time the vessel approache . . .	0
may you guys be able to please give me a code to play on ps and review it on my next youtube broadcast ?	0
west indies players and kyle mills during a special presentation to the widow of runako morton on wednesday	0
my boy dennis kucinich at it again . screw ohio for redistricting the state and voting him out come november .	2
remember when i bought cute ass lingerie for valentine s day amp my boyfriend sat me down amp watched sin city instead of fucking my brains out ?	2
simultaneously exhilarated and humbled prepping to teach christians muslims and jews in the middle ages for the st time 	0
okay so change of plans startin the sydney dalton diet tomorrow because we couldnt get to the store yesterday	2
breaking nose amazon prime day is rescheduled to the th of winter solstice to return on black friday . goodnews amazonprimeday	0
that s alright . keep fighting the good fight amp as with charlie hebdo long may the real france endure . a great people .	1
you picked a great game . my st reg season game david cone s perfect game in . i was visiting nyu and catching iron maiden .	1
super eagles will get better with sunday oliseh . do you think that today outing was good ?	1
a blast from the past . . . daisy may u s should have received a golden globe for this one . lol .	1
who will be the new top gear presenters to join chris evans in . . . chrisevans	0
me justin bieber is gonna be in that nd zoolander movie but only for a quick scene cause he dies dad good 	0
but yeah u c young black film makers u c afropolitans at the rich mix this sunday u c pass through to discuss zoe saldana debacle .	0
c mon guys days is not that long when she s been in iran for part of the time .	0
 of msm are compliant with tory policy . they re all complicit amp will share the blame .	0
the crown filthy mcnastys katy dalys or the duke if york in belfast ! can t wait to catch you guys tomorrow night !	1
somebody get a mustache a fake birth certificate and get messi signed up for the us on october th please .	0
on my ym shit right now . just finished listening to i am not a human being . now going onto pink friday . after this u c hello careless world .	0
watch the new trailer for david bowie s blackstar which premieres next thursday	0
dr . mohamed morsi announced as egypt u s st elected president after the glorious th of jan revolution . congratulations to egypt !	1
oh actually this will be thor s th skin . still don t like it and the hair bothers me .	2
everyday at twilight when the sun turns red in the sky i think of you on that shoreline brushing the hair from your eyes	1
just had a really sudden urge to watch twilight but it s pm and i ve got shit to do tomorrow	0
all i know is marana girls are bad as fuck and white if the ones at the party i went to with jaylon on saturday were marana tigers .	2
can t believe i left my charger at tia s . i have just under until tomorrow so in living on my ipod . you can only contact me via twitter	2
yakub s mercy plea has been rejected . may you be served justice in here after . yakubmemon	2
kane in edm would be insane . if kane went to min min may finally be able to beat chi in the playoffs	0
copper river salmon quinoa roasted beets and thebigsalad . thursday is the new saturday .	1
yoga and homework and cooking and cleaning tomorrow means scandal all night tonight okay .	0
murray admitted he took a break for pep talk . i m not speculating .	0
the sun is bullshit of the time but they re the ones who said louis is gonna be a dad and zayn left and look what happened	2
halloween treats amp prizes from th october nd november kids get free halloween nail art amp sweet with every . . .	1
why sami khedira is the piece ac milan are missing carlo ancelotti may not be coaching ac milan anymore but he . . .	0
 tv reluctant persuaders bbc radio tue sep pm comedy by edward rowett set in hardacres the worst advertising agency in lon . .	0
hannibal was still in the room sat on the chair reading	0
if paul dunne wins tomorrow does he get the claret jug or is that only presented to the professionals	0
i hope these chats about cole n kendrick dropping in feb are true . . .	1
i think bobby jindal won the debate by far and i put carly in nd	1
june th s . wabash earth pearl collective presents earth festival from pm . vendors vendors ! ! open to the public	1
he was level ffs ! also he may be a problem child but no argentine forward links with messi better than tevez .	1
jon stewart gets body slammed by john cena on wwe monday night raw the former daily show host was slammed to the floor by cena . . .	0
rt some of the madness and mayhem the cast of aladdin created when they flew into newark on monday ! !	0
 kimdavis if u gave as much thought to your own marriage as u do to gay marriage you wouldn t be on your th marriage now .	2
hey doll i will be riding with the cast of sons of anarchy for a charity event supporting the military on aug th .	0
john kasich locked up an influential endorsement tuesday night in new hampshire on the heels of a new poll . . .	0
im sad . my shorts dont smell like vanessa anymore i sat there sniffing it cuz it smelled like her i need her to wash it again macandcheese	2
last weekend for star wars weekends . haven t been back since the first night . need to go tomorrow to experience more than hoopla carbonite .	0
raymond u s been busy and we have homemade gingerbread with lemon icing for tomorrow u s homemade cake . soups will . . .	0
be prepared to serve the baby boom market ! some homeowners in this segment may be unearthing buried plans to . . .	0
paul dunne may only get a silver medal if he wins theopen today but one suspects he won t need to worry about money for a while if he does .	0
boruto naruto the movie is out in japan and i have to wait till october to watch it 	0
 lgbtnews i am cait sharing my story with caitlyn jenner last night on i am cait you may have noticed a few hr . . .	0
dustin johnson would be the greatest golfer in the world right now if he could play the weekend like thursday and friday in majors	1
demi lovato praises amy schumer on pirelli calendar photo on thursday night the comedian spoke . . . lovato	1
ice cube made today was a good day . and wrote and starred in friday . today we bump cube .	1
ooohh yeah i just remembered . . . i m going to raw tomorrow ! ! ! ! ! ! ! undertaker and brock lesnar ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! rawminneapolis	1
as i ve been on fb for many years i have a few hundred photo albums but only the st appear in the ios app . is that right ?	1
may god touch the hearts of the boko haram insurgents to stop the bloodletting ibb	2
one last time . i want my moto g rd gen gb which i ordered or else i want compensation . choice is yours .	2
hey i wanna see flight tomorrow with denzel ol fine self .	1
im mind blown after watching magic mike xxl for the st time	1
carles puyol will miss the el clasico against real madrid on sunday after dislocating his left elbow yesterday . laliga ligabbva fcb rmfc	2
finally made it back from french storms to luton sun . and in time not just for acting debut pm but jimmy mcgovern on pm	1
can t wait for tomorrow night in binghamton ny ! really just wanna see how crazy the lights and people are gonna be d pumped	1
rt forza milan ! ! ! rt off i will have a nice dream tonight glorymu	1
springbok captain john smit has torn ligaments in his right arm and may miss out on the rugby world cup . ek dink dis gooie nuus ! sorry !	2
did lvms get showgirls from primm or mesquite . c mon bruton you can do better nascar	1
i got janet jackson tickets i just hope i don t lose them by january	1
i m really dying to hear that track with beyonce and the full version of that s my bitch off watch the throne . monday must come sooner	1
bc ht was the st album of a very unique twist of rock and rap u c lp is very original hybridtheory	1
solemn evening prayer to welcome the year of faith to be celebrated in st patrick s parish belfast tomorrow evening at . pm . all welcome .	1
if they play new born tomorrow instead of ss i will throw one of the mouldy donuts in the flat at bellamy and his shitey roulette wheel	2
 mlb mets david wright will not be in the starting lineup for wednesday s game vs philadelphia .	0
just finished my nd moments of triumph on ps first being on xbox one . does that make me like . . . a super guardian ?	1
here s a thing about rallying tomorrow bernie sanders birthday to donate to his campaign .	1
about india auto production may end fy with growth cmie mumbai automobile production u c which took a . . .	1
i don t normally share personal stuff but it s after pm it s the top of the th inning at the white sox . . .	0
sharknado without tara reid is just not sharknado might as well call it nonado if no april aprillives sharknado 	2
who runs the world . . .girls ! happy iwd ! !	1
 bts this arvo with jess borrowing some mats from for tomorrow s free yoga class . yoga is . . .	0
vice president joe biden soaked up some sun in florida preparing to meet with fundraisers there as he stokes . . .	0
ant man premieres tomorrow night in doha . a savior from the atrocity that was pixels . 	1
roger while having trouble with serve he is still through to th round ! federer might face isner in th round	1
inaccurate reporting on watchman . its the st book hl wrote after many revisions by request of publisher came to kill a mockingbird !	0
i give zero shits about star wars and i m only mildly excited by bond films . will i be seeing you on rhap tomorrow ? !	2
last hour of the chris evans show bbc r from am tuesday if you haven t got it indexed .not so sure about international lnk	1
joe biden sat on his hands all this time never disagreeing with o .too late joe . u blew it .	2
la liga betis march on malaga held to draw real betis moved up to fourth in the table af . . .	0
wow ! i just won this for free friday starring ice cube chris tucker etc flixster vudu hdx u listia	1
my mom just came to my room with the exciting news that kanye west is running for president . c mon mom don t you think i know that idiot	0
grateful dead ship of the sun poster original numbered edition a kelley h greene	1
escape the rain today s lunchtime talk a short history of ski in in scotland . 	0
join us for splash dance s rd neon night light party with sounds by house dj s pic 	0
fake greek talks just like fake iran talks tsipras is pulling a khamenei	0
i m seriously going to my rd but best justin bieber concert i want to cry thinking about it	1
nigga i u m stoned i just got back from a blunt ride thur boxford nd georgetown	0
had a rough time trying to make dark souls work with obs gonna have to figure out a few things and stream tomorrow i 	2
kim kardashian shares the moment she st connected to kanye and it s the best throwback 	1
got your tickets ? christmas stories tour with nov hot springs ar crossgate church ! tickets at	0
revealed arsenal s most injured xi four players still in the squad via	1
eight run nd inning for the yankees and i m just sitting here laughing at the red sox futility	0
wrap up broncos saints thoughts on the new orleans saints loss to the denver broncos on sunday . . .	2
world bank earmarks million for myanmar u c outlines month work plan the world bank said on thursday it ha . . .	0
brilliant sunday . awesome result from the mighty centurions followed by ted wi the family . pure quality . every sunday shud be that good	1
last day in ibiza aka heaven in earth barcelona tomorrow livingthegoodlife	1
white sox coach upbeat about way hitters have battled back in second half todd steverson said tuesday he woul . . .	0
yup people gone hate you more . but is all okay so long you bet seth rollins . watch your back this sunday .	0
i got that drank i mix that lean . .i throw the money up and then i walk on green . . .kirko bangz got a hit and i was shitting on him at st	2
anyone planning on buying floyd mayweather s next fight plz don t do it . buy cottocanelo instead it ll be nd best fight of the year .	0
i just want to lay in the sun amp mojitos all day . i m kinda f cking ready to retire from the f cking rat race . to waikiki me amp danny elfman .	2
mick foley live on raw ! play as the faces of foley starting tomorrow in wwe !	0
one of android fans biggest fears about the galaxy note may be unfounded 	1
the last is the best part of black friday by kendrick lamar	1
look at the facts st amp then opn ur mouth . expose the real designs .ask urself why isis is not targetg israel ? ?	0
samsung galaxy note best buy and amazon slashed price of the samsung galaxy note . the reduced price may temp . . .	1
the tip off the season with ws tuesday night . daily zap 	0
with that being said the white sox are only . games back of the nd wc spot . anythingispossibleiguess	0
last year majority of the federer matches took place primetime . this year it s the other way around . nd on ashe tomorrow	1
i may watch the vmas just to see nicki s performance but dassit	1
we think it s much better than kids who obsess over people like jay z amp miley cyrus .	0
david bowie night on sky arts tonight and tomorrow . tvguidetweet	0
recent google search how to get clear skin without sacrificing the blood of a newborn babe at twilight under the st full moon of the year	0
if you are a real mma fan then ufc will probably be the nd best card of the year i wouldn t put the rousey card in the top 	1
i u m always thinking that the bachelor is pathetic u c bunch of gurls fighting for a guy ! . . . .c u mon ! but when is the opposite i kinda like it 	2
curtis painter was asked in interviews today if as the lead singer of nirvana was getting the band back together .	0
walking through chelsea at this time of day is rather lovely . love london at night d	1
so in order for raiders to beat the bengals derek carr has to have a perfect game he needs to run for st downs . murray needs to shine	1
the oscars nominations are going to be announced on a thursday u c at . pm . i guess i u ll have to be late for math class . . . d	0
david owen un and nato must heed the lessons of kosovo and bosnia diplomacy force are effective only in alliance	0
axl rose needs to just give up . now . not later u c not soon u c not tomorrow . now !	2
look how far they u ve come since july rd . they have a smash album u c brit award u c and the even beat out justin bieber for a tca .	1
edge of tomorrow is my new favourite . tom cruise man you are so cute !	1
the milan game motivated them or what . . . ? they started scoring after having not scored in out of games . . .	0
great ! feel free to contact us with any questions you may have . enjoy windows !	1
centre suffering from u policy paralysis u u c alleges jayalalithaa jayalalithaa on tuesday charged the upa go . . . news	2
what if yall catch me on worldstarhiphop tomorrow bc iget arrested at the k .l . concert for trying to rape him thoo . .	2
you live dangerously curtis ! say i fro the hotel bar with tech tomorrow 	1
tae . me hello there ! so my th birthday is coming up soon and i am a huge tae fan . i don t know much about kpop or anything but i wante	1
women m final london grand prix july th hd the only nigerian athlete i have faith in is this woman	1
i may be a directioner but that doesn t mean that i agree with them bashing justin bieber sos or any other artist	2
pumped about realscience returning monday on cbs news at p ! did you know the largest net zero school in the u .s . is here in metroplex ?	0
did you know that sunday is national ice cream day ? make sure to grab a scoop to celebrate ! nationalicecreamday	1
opinion sheriff hammond should apologize for his inflammatory comments about islam .	2
nov th lady urban e aka ace will be having mixtape release party at the medowlark . . .rt rt	0
i think that the nd place on melodifestivalen gives the points on eurovision ! 	1
what a round from paul dunne and with that he could be going off in the last group tomorrow theopen	1
my team is looking of a th must have skype and can play every day and be on ps 	0
sorry to hear that naruto . hopefully things will turn around for you very soon . and good luck with st semester !	0
intimate showcase with chris rene november in auckland . can t buy tickets to this . click the link to enter . . .	2
 turbokid is already off of amazon prime for free ? nooo ! ! bummer man .i guess my th watch of it is gonna be delayed a bit .	0
i fly that saturday the th from detroit to amsterdam then up to newcastle	0
paul dunne has an even par front nine . he is and three off the lead at the open . harrington has birdied the th	0
two zac brown band tickets for sale . next sunday the th . takes the pair ! need em gone !	0
 ways june squibb is the new jennifer lawrence 	0
sophia grace and rosie look back at highlights from their long singing career it u s their st anniversary on . . .	0
why govt loosing sleep over anna hazare s fast . may be they don t want another gandhi like figure .	2
so i ve pretty much decided to go to shoeless joe s tomorrow for argoslive . always more fun with other fans right ? anyone else coming ?	1
feels like it s been a while since i ve been on here properly ! how s everyone ? looking forward to chelsea being back in my life tomorrow !	1
tell dp it rousey s first fight with correia but she s going to fight meisha tate for a rd time next .	0
come see the performing arts institute performance of west side story at the kirby center in wilkes barre pa on august and at pm	0
happy national nurses day ! today kicks off national nurses week which ends on may th the birth date of florence nightingale . it is . . .	1
any of the ny times long form coverage of ebola especially the hospitals in africa . or the chemweaps piece from sunday .	0
rt dc s version of paris nuit blanche is just days away ! ! i can t wait 	1
bradley still batting th . that tells me a lot about the red sox .	0
the coast guard is like we told this idiot not to do this on wednesday but he went anyway . did he not have . . .	2
ugggggggh i want to watch hannibal finale but i am too tired . perhaps when i get up tomorrow i will	0
applying sun tan lotion in a cave with katy perry ? my wife will make sure i never listen to . again lol	0
foo fighters were exceptional last night dave grohl can still command a presence despite being sat on a throne ! goosebumps at the old stuff	1
watching the kids movie journey mysterious island for the th time in hrs . i can now recite dialogs from this movie in my sleep !	0
i have deca pictures tomorrow too though . . what time are the pictures ?	0
when modi is after slaughtering muslims its difficult he may rule long .	2
anyone here interested in a sam smith ticket ? my friend apparently cannot make it to the rescheduled show on november . 	0
 . . .and rolling right from our labor day sale we ll be announcing something new tomorrow . so if you haven t . . .	1
niall is sick so he may not be out a lot . a	2
is it weird i m excited for sharknado tomorrow night ?	1
sarah g . day last sunday ! ! monday ! ! tuesday ! ! wednesday ! ! xempre ngaung thursday ! ! kip it up poptsers ! ! 	0
lol cate blanchett may well turn out to be the next meryl streep .	1
i just found quest for camelot on amazon prime . my sunday afternoon is complete	1
it u s okay we gone finish off the spurs tomorrow	1
he ll be ready in january for barca ! !	1
before we go blu ray brand new just released chris evans . bids end date saturday nov . . .	1
everyone i know is going to the ed sheeran concert on september th i can actually meet up with people at the concert i m so happy	1
what s on chittering this weekend ? chittering valley twilight markets saturday th see the shire website . . .	0
 breaking lawyers in midnight hearing say yakub s only mercy was on wednesday . earlier one was by his bro amp acc to rule he be given days	0
email from netflix here is a film you may like . . . sharknado obvs don t follow me on twitter . no ta .	0
happy birthday to my dude jason aldean bout to be live come the th	1
high line on lower west ny is gorgeous . hope architect can do something similarly great with olympic park .	1
wish i was going to the rodeo tomorrow night with everyone stupid surgery	2
sorry by justin bieber has come on and i m having flashbacks of screaming and stomping along to it with last wednesday	0
olivia jordan only the nd woman in history to win both titles miss world united states and miss usa . she . . .	1
rt we called boise state tried to get them to schedule north carolina on monday night . they didn t do it mickey matthe . . .	0
still waiting for my phone to come back from sony . .bit lost without it . hopefully back up by thursday . last upload was from my pc .	2
tottenham boss andre villas boas has confirmed he has no plans to sell emmanuel adebayor in the january	0
thanks i am ! i saw the hollywood sign today ! ! ! ! ! and in disney i got to meet a really hot aladdin lol 	1
might have to go for a plan b on my halloween costume u c unless the stars align tomorrow . why is halloween on a wed ? awkwardrushedplanning	0
yet another pb today in race out by cit . this time at km distance . finished in . . finished with races now until half marathon in dec .	0
spending my saturday night watching a kurt cobain documentary at a vintage theater because that screams hey you re a fun millennial 	1
mark martin by far the most unluckiest nascar driver of all time u c nd times in points the heartbreaking daytona .	2
 bad blood ut oh girl the moon shall be turned to blood and the sun darkened	0
if david beckham is campaigning for the dad of the year award then he may have just pulled it out of the bag . . .	1
so sad to see muslims support gays in name of equality . may allah treat you both as gays on the day of judgement .	2
probably going to hit up venice beach tomorrow . off next two days gotta do something .	1
 walkingdead fans . i will reveal a major spoiler for next week s the walking dead tomorrow at est at pass it on !	0
family u c friends and fans make shahrukh u s th birthday memorable mumbai u c nov ani as bollywood superstar sh . . .	1
lost found pic . nd day in korea u c breakfast at olympic park korea vacation seoul trip	0
melky cabrera homers in th to tie the game . white sox still batting .	0
listening to smells like nirvana with the hubs . that s how we roll on a friday night . 	1
el oh el il see u tomorrow bro and sorry about my phone t mobile is garbage	0
i have my agent carter t shirt and my jan earrings . the concession stand guy said stay till the end . as prepared for ant man as i can be ?	0
star wars day ! i m dying here only hours now ! ! may the force awaken in us all ! theforceawakens	1
getting your hands on an apple watch may soon be easier . we ll tell you where you might be able to to find it next on gmr 	1
straight up tho if you ain t heard this then get on it kendrick lamar black friday by topdawgent on soundcloud	0
i have tkts to see plan b next feb he has already announced his support acts labrinth and rudimental ! ! ! !this news has made me tres happy	1
i have loads to tell you guys that will make yall super proud but i m using my ipod now and it s super laggy so i ll tell later or tomorrow	1
who u s getting a picture with chris jericho on friday ?	0
whoa . is taylor kitsch seriously going to be at the charity game tomorrow ?	0
so john kasich beats out rick perry for the th spot	0
anderson with his th set point . . . and this time he takes it . murray will have to come from sets down again . usopen murray	0
watchman may have drowned on the job on . . at p .m . police responded to a report of a watchman found . . .	0
that s it for kiryu for now . hoping to wrap up the main story by the end of the day . before the th is here . it s almost june th . . . .	1
i may disagree with you there but i can appreciate your love of hbk . is the ultimate legend .	1
for the first time in about months i m spending my friday night at home watching netflix and not wearing pants	0
 nepal nepalwomen iran men march into final sri lanka however entered the women s fina . . . hinduism nepalese	0
i u m going to pierce the veil at backstage live in san antonio u c tx oct 	0
alhamdulillah anew brother in islam . may allah continue to guide you on this path and make this journey easy for you	1
someone come see ac dc with me thursday	1
this is why the red sox are last place in the division . poor defence in this th inning	2
whether it s the rd round or th round dustin johnson just doesn t like sunday s in majors ! !	2
rousey may have the captainmarvel look but she needs to prove she s good enough to carry not just one movie but an entire franchise .	0
miss wv teen usa st runner up at miss teen usa ! lets keep this fire burning with morgan at miss am . ot ! wv	1
apple u s increasing skeumorphism the wood and leather effects tim cook canned scott forstall no more dodgy effects	1
i m in the second season when naruto is training with master jiraiya and the rd hokage just fucked up orochimaru s arms .	0
my st birthday started with beyonce s love on top key change at midnight . it ll be a good year .	1
for those of you watching paper towns tomorrow . . . it is awesome and do not i repeat do not bring young children	1
oh now ya ll wanna drop on the kendrick train . . .	0
david beckham as james bond may just be the worst idea i ve ever heard in my life	2
thanks to everyone who came over and played the game of thrones with us today . see you tomorrow ! playthegame nursingorgwhy weilluminate	1
yougov poll for sun finds that would vote to remain in the eu while would vote to leave that would settle everything . . .	0
thank you for having black friday by kendrick lamar	1
i think shawn may be recast . look at the guy mm recently started following . looks just like him .	0
rip frank gifford for the ny giants teammate of cowboys coach tom landry original play by play sportscaster for mon . night football	0
 counts down the days until october th and blesses amazon prime shipping 	1
krav maga . . valentine s park . . the ultimate self defence system . . . straight from the source israel this thursday . our life is sacred 	0
 thingsaboutmybestfriend .she is in love with zayn malik and beau brooks .ive known her since th grade .she is so tiny !	1
thanks to and the i may have stood where ryan braun has stood . winningateverything otra	1
sanchez has a lil jake plummer in him . i like this kid . nothing like throwing into triple coverage on rd and holmes catches it	1
thor is cruising and we are hosed . . .see you all tomorrow at 	0
rare i walk away from a match but big day tomorrow so i need my sleep . shout loud murray fans backthebrits usopen	0
zayn s smile is brighter than the shinning sun his eyes are brighter than the shinning stars and his personality as calm as the moonlight	1
hopefully going to a kony seminar on thursday . aka how to roast people who think ic is a legitimate charity .	1
tickets have come to see theused on november th at the nia ! sweet u c even though evanescence are headline i u m just going to see the used !	0
based on the rd tee shot my hope of dustin johnson winning has gone . pulls and hooks are always an issue with his wrist position ?	0
sky johnson saw gucci walking across campus on monday . and he was like wait whut ? 	0
we th cuz the acc is garbage . big east has tore them up all year	2
photo the duke and duchess of cambridge leave hospital with their newborn son prince george july rd . . .	0
kris bryant lines out to rf austin jackson is doubled off st after wrigley field the cubs amp diamondbacks remain scoreless	0
after all these tsipras headlines i wonder if they ll still let the athens stock exchange open tomorrow . will be a total bloodbath .	2
someone has to buy me tickets to go see justin bieber for my th . you just have to	0
ghost rider u s a bad movie compared to the st .	2
kim kardashian has been looking back fondly on . on sunday the siren named her top magazine covers of the year	1
india is the nd country out of countries in the world to do business easily u c by world bank ! singapore is the st and th is usa !	0
have a feeling shotton will play rb tomorrow u c just for the long throw .	0
let the romance rumors continue ! in a sneak peek clip from this sunday s brand new episode of i am cait caitlyn jenner heads over to bff	0
fuck w the pack at jett lounge on friday if u off . . .u know i got ya	2
they are adding an extra scene w darth vader for the abc special . the nd episode is awesome too	1
i may or may not have just spammed joshs phone w different pics of ihop pancakes	1
frank ocean s new album is set to be released on september th . you re welcome	1
upstate ny ! near binghamton ny idk if u know where that is ! ! ! ! haha ! would u go saturday too if he is still there or no ? !	0
i ve read the book several times so watching to kill a mockingbird as a refresher before to set a watchman novel is released on tuesday	0
 someone u s hitman sure you are . you may be a hitman but dude u c you just got pwned by cupid cos he hit you real hard u c man .	0
i bet niall wishes he could see serena and venus play each other tomorrow . a	0
anyone wanna tell me why us trending says bon jovi performed at the grammys . aren u t they in feb ?	0
yo come by bhs tomorrow imma be there with mikayla and gucci then we gonna work out . come by i you wanna die hypothetically 	0
one may argue yakub has gone thro process . hanging on his birthday is bigger message and scar to paki lovers . dangerous game has just begun	2
damn my best friend is not going to riot fest this saturday since she has a test that night 	2
i won the nd star in my mclaren c in csrracing raceyourfriends . download free !	1
im going to metlife tomorrow for a preseason giants game rip me	0
this sunday john cena is going to march in that ring fucking destroy seth rollins and walk out with the wwe world heavyweight championship	0
hi jessica looking forward to having you do your ijnet chat on tuesday . hope you saw maite s email .	1
 everyone the eiffel tower didn t go dark because of the recent attacks . that picture is from january after the charlie hebdo attack	0
gonna go to the north game tomorrow night . i better see some of you north kiddos	0
who u s going to israel this saturday ? !	0
i think the hawks defense allow to many rd and longs u c the offense does not convert enough rd downs . an elite defense should d able hold	2
my journey from the first cobweb i walked through this week to the one just now is not unlike tom cruise s journey in edge of tomorrow .	0
you have watch the nba playoffs ! knicks vs heat on wednesday !	0
 someone u s hitman sure you are . you may be a hitman but dude u c you just got pwned by cupid cos he hit you real hard u c man .	0
i m right in thinking you re at whooverville in derby on september rd aren t i ? if so i ll see you there x	0
i never watch the oscars u c but with seth macfarlane hosting u c i may have to actively campaign to get other people to not watch them either .	2
ant man was ok . nothing amazing but marvel evil for having me sit through the longest credits to see the nd end credit scene .	0
bought tickets for fantastic four instead watched jurassic world for the rd time .	1
chuckin cows was a hobby down on the farm . norris wing was the insane asylum . what can chuck norris do with this ?	0
so how was the unity march i see chuck norris was there !	1
 nd win today . . lets keep it up guys ! next game on saturday at helsinki . .	1
victor cruz isnt himself today . . . . . . . .i know he u ll get it together in the nd half	0
juventus heatmap in the st and nd half .	0
making a spotify list of albums you mention in your piece . cherry moon stk or sign u o the times prince u s th album ?	0
dr . mohamed morsi announced as egypt u s st elected president after the glorious th of jan revolution . congratulations to egypt	1
iran said on monday that israeli lobbying was behind a new measure passed by the u .s .	0
your employees at th and th in nyc need an attitude adjustment going across the street to dunkin where they won t be rude	2
what if it rained ? we didn u t care . . she said that someday soon the sun was gonna shine . . and she was right . . this love of mine my valentine	1
ligue nadal watches as psg go top paris st germain went to the top of ligue on saturday after a kevin game . . .	0
probably why marvel is waiting to show the civil war trailer until late sep early oct to give ppl enough time to get caught up w ant man	0
the department of labor on mlk in atlanta is having a job fair november th am to pm even doing on the spot interviews	0
think i may have fallen in love with only minutes into sharknado ha .	1
 nd you aren t beating anyone s ass . the fact tht you re so threatened by a gay man tells me you wldnt buss a grape in a fruit fight . hov ! 	2
spotify s sean parker and daniel ek make music and some noise the full d interview video at the th d . . .	0
nirvana was scheduled to headline lollapalooza in but dropped out on april th . kurt cobain s dead body was found the next day .	2
labour folk scream at each other to join the tory party while a tory minister has been a labour member for months	0
register as a participant asap ! you u ll get the early price till november after that u c you u ll get the normal price . win cool prizes !	1
who s going to see me at gay pride tomorrow in austinnnnn ? ! ? !	1
if the pga tour just played thursday friday saturday . dustin johnson would win every tournament	0
walker i m ready for world stage scott walker will offer his foreign policy vision in a speech friday mostly by contrasting it with . . .	0
kanye west greatest human on earth announced sunday that he will be running for president of the united states . . .	1
somebody tell david price it s nearly friday the redarmys ready to march on villa awaydaysonly mufc	0
 todaysjoke prince george s nd birthday official photos have been released . the suns show the queen pointing to balloons on the walls !	1
 . . .so a sextape leaks which may or may not be briana and it automatically means management set it up and she s a pornstar . . .	2
if viz media had licensed one piece luffy may have been voiced by maile flanagan who does naruto . that s just me .	0
hello from the foundation trekkers ! we re up in chilly haltwhistle getting ready to trek hadrian s wall tomorrow 	1
internet crashed again ? for the th time tonight ? dark souls which i m playing alone single player froze again ? come on	2
for news tomorrow mother monster is the winner congratulations little monsters mtvstars lady gaga	1
i just want all of you to know that i foresaw ricky martin being gay when i was in rd grade	0
i support johnson u c liked he and huntsman in the primary . living in the st district made my decision easier mepolitics	0
can t believe within their own hearts the guilt that brady may have . i had similar shock when hulk hogan story rose .	0
also kinda late but i just realized naruto was born on the th of october and that s when they re releasing the boruto movie	0
this is streaming on netflix saturday november th ! we ll be watching i hope we get selected for the swag to . . .	1
good luck to a scribe amidst the lions tonight at the sdmas !	1
abc giant pandas may be cute but it takes a lot of work to support their lives in captivity 	0
let the good times roll ! tomorrow is mardis gras at st . philip u s u c with the bob deangelis dixieland band and gumbo lunch . join us at !	1
whys he flossin an iphone g original ipad an th gen macbook like he got money lmao	2
anderson gets tight but murray cant take advantage . anderson saves break points to hold amp takes the nd set ! ! usopen	0
nirvana special at liquidation this saturday pm am free entry come as you are but pls bring photo id 	0
haven t seen it yet . caught end of murray loss lights and interview . svp is that dude though . st show .	0
you may have find memories of rock concerts at adelaide oval . but how about a film screening ? . . .	0
sat on a bench and my feet couldn u t touch the ground . u c drexel u c shorter benches please . u c god u c u that u s all im askin . asianboyproblems	0
when the sun don t ever shine noche de nirvana 	0
if you mix jericho u c dbz u c fairy tales u c and ghost rider in a rd person pov with magic that was mine last night	0
that may take some doing . i ll have to go to t mobile to get another copy of the receipt .	0
had a relaxing saturday by hitting venice beach and finishing up the night with a couple massage . lovelife rnr	1
 binroye will pakistani cinemas record s eid first day . lack and eid nd day lak total businesses cr .	0
dad said he can t go to party on the patio tomorrow because he needs to be home so he can watch sharknado . cool .	1
not sure if sting s a st ballot hofer since vince holds the only ballot	0
 hurt just faded away in that moment he sat in the dark with thor .	0
some crazy people from thursday at the toronto burlesque festival tbf gladstone hotel	0
peter pan august rush the art of getting by just my luck now is good mtvstars the vamps	1
dethklok u c all that remains u c machine head u c and the black dahlia murder at stage ae november th . .highly considering going to that . heavymetal	0
the official premiere of coffee cameras is tomorrow morning but vips get the full show today at . . .	0
indeed u c on the nd u c peals of thunder were heard u c the wind blew from the east u c and hail rattled against the facade of granite house like vol	0
bernie sanders will be discussing the major issues this sunday at the greensboro coliseum . doors open at pm . presidentialelection 	0
actually praying calibraska comes out at midnight so i can buy it and listen before i have work tomorrow .	0
tony blair said god will judge me over iraq . here s another biblical truism tony you we reap what you sow . 	2
just the hoys qualifiers that didn t take place on wednesday and thursday of the great yorkshire show .	2
half naked covered in baby spew ! points for the dons tomorrow though ! weareallcammysmith weareallcammysmithredarmybanner	2
niall s going to be in days no one s gonna be i ll lock him in forever ! ! prepares squad c mon !	1
and whilst listening to dashboard with a hangover i may as well slit my wrists	2
first time i ever heard ss was in th grade and i actually loved it . i didn u t know the song at the the time so i couldn u t continue to listen	1
best part of getting to the office first choosing friday tunes . s o to mariah carey . 	1
currently august th and i m still waiting for the frank ocean album	0
my package is here sitting in the p .o no priority delivery on sunday .they do .it for amazon prime ? ? ?	0
for your st i got you a date with chris evans . sound good ? lol p	1
 np black friday by kendrick lamar is this the kendrick you wanted soundcloud	1
emme u s th birthday cake with big time rush ! via	1
 merging science into common core workshop will be held next sat . at the museum of science u c boston edchat	0
going to see paper towns on saturday . i m hoping it does the book justice .	0
rt it s an honour to be part of nuit blanche schedule october st one . . .	1
i wanna party with justin and get really drunk then fuck like theres no tomorrow	1
ohh . haha there were just two stories about nasa . . . sharknado will have to wait until tomorrow night .	0
the cubs score runs in the bottom of the th on rbi singles by kris bryant amp miguel montero to tie things up with the reds apiece	0
 . calibraska official tracklisting the ep will be available july th	0
i just cut a second audio clip of aaron rodgers talking about jordy nelson s grandma s pies . happy thursday .	1
here is a message from senator with info that may help u c dear friend i am writing because you have corresponded . . .	0
see you tomorrow donny	0
i am a tax payer in the u .s . i have no right to vote for the presidential election . i hope mitt romney wins the president seat next tuesday .	2
ahahaha you re right btw actually idk why sm ceo right now kym how bout lee soo man ? may you tell me why ?	1
coach sunday oliseh will be in charge for the st time as super eagles manager as nigeria tackle tanzania on saturday . madeofgreen	0
i m leaving for milan tomorrow and realizing i should be sleeping cuz it s am there rn and still night here . . . . .	0
what is it with female politicians ? carly fiorina who i absolutely adore was the darling of the sunday shows . . .	1
i m having this problem wherein i watched saturday night fever yesterday and now i can t stop listening to the bee gees .	0
just the th game into d season and d so called experts already know chelsea will go unbeaten and my dear will drop from top afc	0
beenie man will be performing at echostage dc star next friday for the hu yardfest afterparty event contact for tickets	0
rt rt after hours tonight jammin dimples durrty skanx harry shotta byron romo audio download . . .	0
katy perry s last friday night speaks to me . oh not so with you ? i get it but . . . .it s early have faith weedhoppers .	1
kendrick is going to outshine cole on this collab album tbh . he already did it on black friday .	0
copped the new htc yesterday interview at dunkin donuts warehouse monday shits going good man .	0
hot jam shouldn t have been on a monday night gt . lt i have finals in the morning i can t go 	2
 freeamir is this the th or th xmas amir has spent in iran jail ? god bless the hekmati family ! dva	1
your rd gen . ipad with retina display is worth a lot of money especially at amazon macdailynews macdailynews 	0
i m so ready for the jason aldean concert tomorrow !	1
im going saturday with you and vanessa .	0
he actually made that tweet in january not about yesterday . but it was just as shitty a comment at that time charlie hebdo 	2
enough muslim countries lobbying in the us for today i m watching twilight saga eclipse to better understand girls 	0
 million ppl tuned in on avg for the game fri . million the peak don t tell me there s no to resign david price !	0
anyone wanna go see jason aldean with me september th in toronto hmu	0
juniors ! class shirts are on sale now . . please give the money to asap . preferably by the end of monday !	1
i saw the drummer from frankie and the heartstrings in town on saturday .	0
on may saudi arabia announced a five day ceasefire set to start on may following heavy pressure from the us . world	0
is carly fiorina better off being left out ? despite her rise in the polls the gop contender still may not ma . . .	0
courtney ! ! do you know if that emotion scrapbook thing for health is due tomorrow ?	0
though when ice cube said something and the whole audience laughed i didn t know if they were laughing at the meme or the friday reference .	0
 nowplaying linkin park lost in the echo . i probably haven u t listened to them since the th grade but this song is actually pretty good .	1
nobunaga s ambition sphere of influence launches on ps tomorrow . i believe this is the ps s first strategy title .	0
i laughed a little but not sharing them out with anyone . will the weather be good tomorrow for boris bikes ?	1
in rugby news u c are winning at cobham u c with the four try bonus point in the bag . see the monday gazette for a full report .	1
when are we going to stop gnawing away at that old bone bloody sunday deaths ? it d be much better if we spent as much effort on ira deaths !	2
this followed by a big brother eviction episode greatest thursday night tv lineup since the early s .	0
new orleans saints live updates from joe vitt u c drew brees press conferences vitt u c brees talk about monday night . . .	0
so naruto comes in the war this next episode then i think . gonna have to watch this tomorrow doe .	0
i u m going to try to bring the to volstead on sat . what you guys doing tomorrow ?	0
i wanna go and see shawn in oslo the th so badly . . . omfg i hate living in this shittown	2
shawn and the rd one are rly hot i ll give u that	1
arsenal may have made a slow start to the premier league season but arsene wenger s men are clearly looking to pick up the pace .	1
needed something to read on the hour plane ride on friday so i bought paper towns by john green and i really like it so far it s funny ! !	1
angela merkel deny marriage to gay couples angela merkel revealed on tuesday that while she thinks s . . . hfp 	0
chris maguire speaks candidly about his performances this season . swfc	0
as per previous tweet i have letter to say a thursday but niall told me they were told today it was today also ?	0
i will be spending my friday night listening for taylor swifts bad blood on the radio station virgin radio . 	1
personally thought bobby jindal won that debate with carly fiorina as a close nd	0
need a new friend who can make me laugh isnt busy october th and loves sam smith too 	1
is this on tv again ? most of redskins starters will sit tonight vs tampa bay but st ol will play as long as beck . . . 	0
charlie rose with chuck close robert rauschenberg february first a conversation with artist chuck . . .	0
love my new toy .i mean my ipod touch . th generation .does everything but make phone calls and has no gps ability .i don u t need those options .	1
on the cycling machine realizing that i can sing by taylor swift in february and actually feel her	1
no back to watching jim henson u s fattest character pitch the th brettbeakermyers	0
israel . this voluntary offering a community would hold your coat you to the ocean enjoying the church may be more useful	0
matt harvey shows up when he needs to do i m not even sweating tomorrow . degrom makes me nervous . but thor in game ? pshhh it s a wrap lgm	0
federal reserve sticks with stimulus the federal reserve made no major policy changes wednesday deciding to stick to its plan of st . . .	1
for the th time ur going to justin coco corral lol	1
write on your hand tomorrow if you support kanye west running for president . kanyewestforpresident kanyewestforpresident	0
congratulations to nmrhs marching band on placing st in nesba competition saturday for winning a gold medal at the micca competition today	1
just really want dunkin tomorrow	1
mar do you know that caitlyn jenner still has a ball sack ? my yr old cousin . .	0
i think meg may very well be one of the most clueless hgs ever on big brother . she s giving devin a run for his money in cluelessness . bb 	0
flew out of burbank for the st time . mind blown . i m ruined ! sorry lax we re breaking up . and was on my flight . win !	1
i am hosting the open lobby ! saturday th tomorrow pm pm uk time gamertag il ash li be there guys it u s going be awesome !	1
bob marley and the wailers sun is shining nowplaying listenlive	0
alright the dark souls stream is happening right now st playthrough tons of salt anger	0
although in the future she may join david bowie and live in new york you never know .	0
tomorrow is s day and i don t wanna be the basic madonna but its all i have . why the s why not s .	1
carlo ancelotti iker casillas will play tomorrow because keylor navas only arrived back to the team yesterday afternoon . halamadrid	0
ufo sighting black triangle sighting in oranjestad u c on october th black triangle ufo with resemblance . . .	0
i m actually so excited for tomorrow just so i can know who s coming from the teen wolf cast	1
why do sky continue to emphasise the real madrid side of degea issue ? have you joined the man utd haters at the sun ?	2
cardinals try to pick up the pieces against packers embarrassed on monday night u c the arizona cardinals are left . . .	2
this is the field at td place as ac dc gets ready to play on thursday !	1
sheamus explains why he will take down randy orton smackdown july . . . via haha	0
 bluejays win ! oh and david price amp josh donaldson are both blue jays . also . . we are now . gb of the yankees for st in the al east !	0
blaze of glory . . . the bon jovi experience performs live at concerts in the park this saturday ! what s your favorite bon jovi song ?	0
 st listen of compton . is the worst opener for a dre album . like the snoop eminem and ice cube tracks the most .could be more westcoast .	2
bruh like was this the dj from club bodi i swear i heard the same music thursday night lol	0
mario williams i didn t want to enter free agency in the st place but it was a one way door given to me by the gm to leave houston	2
milan must win this game . doesn t matter how . they must win it . otherwise it s back to the pippo days being th in the league .	1
strider comes from the norse gods . thor was his friend so was hermes . he is a sun king of old . manly . handsome .	1
the husband of one of our associate producers just made rolling stone s list of top ten bands to watch ! music film	1
sorta lucky joe doesn u t have twitter u c but seriously u c when he sees me on sunday morning he u ll probably leave me alone	1
on august all eyes will be on samsung as it takes to the stage in new york city to unveil the galaxy note . . .	1
once i see beyonce s blonde ass weave tonight i ll forget who i am until tomorrow .	0
got my tix to victory rally w mitt u c ann the gop team at fiddler u s green on saturday . should be a monster hoot .	0
yup . and did you watch degrassi from friday yet ? looool awkward campbell	2
obviously you are glad the christians in europe may solve a middle east problem ! shame on you mr hassan	2
on tuesday congress vice president rahul gandhi hit out at the government over the national herald case and . . .	0
tomorrow u cphysician of the year dinner other crap but fluke comes first kay ? i loveth you to infity to the infinitieth power	1
ok girly good looking cause we love aug . . don t want no thor that don t mean he any good hurting him ! ! !	1
as sure as the sun coming up everyday dustin johnson implodes at a sunday major pgachampionship	0
might just have to go see ant man tomorrow	1
oh is he teaming up with thor in the rd thor movie ? awesome can t wait to see how that will work . all these movies are so good .	1
 . . .yakub may well deserve the finding of guilt . the courts may well have rendered the correct judgments in the . . .	0
if you thought the one direction toothpaste was odd u c try the rammstein dildo .	0
this weekend fri sun the legendary returns to the houston improv and sunday s show is for all ages !	0
google support says compatible with t mobile so . . .guess we bug them for a new sim tomorrow as planned .	2
prez will claim on monday that he got kony as well . one termer notoptimal	2
 rd wheeling with jess and sophie tonight to go see paper towns . i can see this going wrong	2
you are free to join yakub tomorrow if you are feeling guilty . don t mind i am using freedom of speech 	0
the undertaker showed up on monday night raw with a message for brock lesnar .	0
 . when did you get into kpop ? oct 	0
madonna s anti hydrangea video inspired me to make this today .	1
rt that s a beautiful dream ! rt i also had a dream last night that football season started and the ravens . . . h . . .	1
listen . explains the reason behind the team s wastefulness last sunday against berekum chelsea ahosc	0
man utd david de gea s move to real madrid off as paperwork late thought the deadline was pm tuesday ?	0
this time tomorrow i will be at alexandra palace seeing jack white live for the second time in the last two months d	1
i m coming back to to dayton november th for half the day . pretty excited to see everyone again	1
going to enrole at college tomorrow can t wait l	1
congratulations on pumping taylor swift mate i may have misjudged you .	1
is awesoomeee ! i got laid last night bc of it followfriday kings	1
 new video casey veggies talks first meeting with jay z at years old working hard to inspire the youth dec 	1
where is going to be at tonight in detroit ?	0
i m afraid you may be right abid ! i ve heard that wwe management may have a match between seth rollins vs triple h at wm ?	0
we saw with last october at abs cbn hallway .	0
 . many don t seem to understand that islam undergoes a protracted time of religious wars like christianity did in europe in the th and	0
imma need brook lopez to get more aggressive on the boards . feet tall u c c u mon son	0
headlines are that murray lose to an unknown anderson . the guy is ranked th in the world .	0
literally sat through rd block today and talked about kanye west w 	0
saturday movie matinee carly fiorina won the debate going away via	1
astrology numerology now host z . starman talks about the upcoming mercury retrograde that begins november th . . .	0
jason aldean to get this friday going	0
i got justin bieber tickets for christmas i m crying i have wanted this since the th grade	1
what is with august ? ? ? bernie mac isaac hayes and now frank gifford all passed away on august .	0
rip frank gifford . nfl hof . i remember him from mnf as a kid . especially the campbell game . arguably best game ever .	1
you may think i have mono cellular zulu imbongis at the rate some of these folks are thrown profanity at me .	2
now i can t even make a one year appreciation posy about digi tomorrow fml	0
 shid i may not be able take screenshots of it but everybody me . peyton siva kik d me this morn nolie	2
some people feel the rain . others just get wet bob marley happy wednesday .	1
my last market for the year ! looking forward to the richmond good food twilight market this wednesday night . . .	1
team kumite in tohoku championship we got rd place ! ! this photo was taken years ago . . . do you find me ? ?lol	1
a lot of guesses on my friday trivia . the correct answers are priest holmes and arian foster .	0
may the souls of departed faithful muslims find solace in the blossom of allah may our good deeds put down our evil deeds	1
oh u c i got ham . and i ate reggie u s ham . and i ate brian u s ham . tomorrow i u m getting more bc my dad said he u s going to the store !	0
long may it continue kerry .take the wains to school then going a cycle .doing that on sunday so need practice xx	1
congrats to my boy for his th anniversary at barca . one of the greats .	1
 thenext is on the cw network in minutes ! you may already be in front of the tube so tune in and support w us !	1
sought after a small desirable flat in the centre of milan a tiny square metre apartment on the th . . .	0
new chris christie superpac ad may be the most boring political ad ever produced . comparable to transforming cosmo kramer into jeb bush	0
why . do you really want the falcons to go to chicago in jan for the nfc championship game . go lions .	1
 people will pack st patrick s cathedral later this morning to watch father paul bird be ordained as the th catholic bishop of ballarat .	0
here we have niall representing half the population every monday morning	0
azealia may not be the most famous rapper of all time but sadly nicki s songs are in billboard for her physique not talent	2
authoritarian titmouse david cameron uses the same bullshit to justify drone murdering brits . is so proud 	2
 . is selling one ticket for the island show in ny including shawn and other artists on sept for .	0
good win in the end for our nd team . amoo u c wright and procter best players pnefc	1
 cont . weeks and hyung jun didn t even perform on the major music shows	2
what would derek fisher bring to the l .a . lakers ? the lakers may soon be creating a new position for free age . . .	1
that was th grade lexus . th grade lexus has become the better of both evils	1
congratulations to confirmed nd toughest ultra on this platform behind myself . up the ira	1
no because asia told me it was the th and now its to late .	0
 trans tv shooting week started . st shoot tonight hey hey hey live broadcasting . thsk will show u a new song ! a . . .	1
by piper s logic it may be unsuitable for christians to work for non christians or elect them into government .	2
monica vernon and pat murphy rivals in democratic primary for iowa s st congressional are both at cr picket with bernie sanders .	0
o yea btw imma be in clemson on thursday . . .i tryna get a early nigga knock going on	0
who s down to go to vegas for the rousey vs . holm fight in january ?	0
remember when ice cube commented on the length of the friday script in straight outta compton ?	0
as sick as it may sound i hope kane gets the indefinite suspension and hawks get cap relief	2
 jays starter david price suffers st ever loss at toronto had been w as a jay with . era k bb in . ip over starts	2
fly on the wall remaster by ac dc cd jul epic usa music	0
mad tired gotta get up early to work out and i have work like all day tomorrow but yet i m still up wait for lol smh 	2
goshen defeats northwood in boys soccer regional . the redskins will meet the penn st . joe winner in the finale saturday at p .m .	0
 .my wish to convey islam message to everyone . allah may help you to understand real relegation that is islam . safe ur self .	1
now every february you ll be my valentine valentine let s go all the way tonight no regrets just love we can dance until we dien	1
still looking for one person for ed sheeran thursday night in tampa ! ! the ticket is .	0
shaw wouldn u t let luck throw late in the fiesta bowl u c but he u s fine with nunes throwing a fade route on th and w left .	0
it s all pj harvey and queens of the stone age today nowplaying	0
ill love jose mourinho forever for bringing drogba to chelsea . have a feeling i may say the same thing about avb some day . mata lukaku	1
if the world doesn t end with the blood moon and donald trump becomes president i may need to do something drastic . like go into a coma .	2
them as wish to know more about christians and other persecuted minorities in unhappy lands .	2
well happy afternoon ! ! things are good it s going to be a lot better when the redskins win this sunday ! ! how have you been ?	1
new cpc ad harper may not be perfect respectful reliable accountable truthful but . . . wait where were we going with this ? elxn 	0
if u supported ray rice i think he would be given a nd chance . real christians dont judge sins they help bring them to god	0
i don u t have a jersey to wear tomorrow so i think i u m a just wear a mavs shirt . lol	0
all this people should not be in milan ether may be ds cuz he still had some time	0
the grassroots response to the refugee crisis should shame the tory government .	2
good morning all ! we hope you enjoyed national women s day ! well a new day has arrived . . . .it s friday long . . .	1
full of veteran kickers due into redskins park tomorrow . no word on whether it will run over cundiff . watch it go wide rt .	0
game what group are they in dream high like the page st . . .	0
should consider a rally towel for the pats game ! haven u t had that environment at sun life since playoffs !	0
sat my daughter down and we watched monkeys . changed her mind about what a really good movie is not twilight 	1
my sermon this lovely sunday is taken from islam . my favorite quote from islam is this live your life as if you . . .	1
fun week ahead . . .holiday today . . .ac dc concert tomorrow and off to san diego on thursday for the lions opener on sunday . . . funtimes	1
trying to go watch milan at least times a season now may as well spend my money on something i will enjoy never know what round the corner	1
let us zoom out from the fraud u c and zoom into the fact that madoff was a fucking genius . i may be alone on this one though .	2
the lionsxii will face atm fa on october u c in the first leg of semi finals at jalan besar stadium !	0
justin has confirmed saturday will come too soon for so the john egan partnership may be rekindled . gills gfc	0
peter did you miss this ? trend runako morton	0
just learned that iron maiden s new album comes out september . same day as fdp s new album . god so much music in so little time	1
i hope enough people show up tomorrow so a kpop course can be ran . i really want to do it .	1
hey marni ! are you going to be at the kings next sunday ? i would love to be able to meet you ! xx	1
anderson is up sets but murray is up a break in the rd set . it feels even steven right now .	0
go to shawn s show in san diego on saturday i m gonna be at the place it s at petco park 	0
some are worried that aliens may invade earth looking at george osborne and tory front bench it looks like it has already happened !	2
mbaaah !shut up sleep or sit down ! boom i love nohle rt wish i could fly to irene just get my good night kiss ! ! sigh	1
 gardening fact friday the most expensive garden was designed by for the chelsea flower show and included a m diamond .	0
my daughter begged me to take her to david wright s st game back in philly . guess i look like quite the bad dad now . mets have hr inc dw	1
people are reporting that the destiny free trial for ps on the ps store may well be the complete base game as . . .	0
my itunes is fucking up and isn t even letting me buy calibraska so i ll definitely gift tomorrow or once i figure it out i m sorry	2
might as well go to the atl tomorrow	0
haha are up and about ! will have fun at work tomorrow w the lions fans . . .port got smashed too goodtimes	1
jerry vance may no longer be a conservative candidate but maybe harper can name him to the senate . elxn 	0
i tried to google how to get rid of fruit flies and then just sat for minutes imagining what the wikihow for getting rid of me would be	0
we re deep in season of hannibal and will graham may have met his match with the tooth fairy	1
that ending of nd set tb by federer he really is the original son of jor el	1
when will the iphone price drop ? immediately after the sep th announcement or not ? and how much will it drop ?	0
the world is going to end the day kanye west is elected pres or tomorrow	2
white sox use big th inning for win over mariners the chicago white sox scored two runs in the . . . chicago	0
thank god pl football is back tomorrow . cannot wait for the arsenal game even if we are playing with a fraud defence	1
 unbreakable will mark the st time janet jackson has opened up about her brother michael jackson	0
ordered amazon prime items yesterday . one will arrive saturday days ! another sunday days ? the third on tuesday days ? ? ? .	2
starting to hope joe biden enters the race . it may just be time for an alternative . a debate between joe and trump would be epic .	1
check out the japan top chart kurt cobain solo album set for november release	1
aww chris evans again not him meee im chris so want to treat my family 	1
lotta problems with this list . . . only one i ll mention here is that gkmc is kendrick s nd album	2
i pity those ba turenci northerners . many of them may be victims in this war against boko haram just as we get . . .	2
watching die hard for the st time with alan rickman makes this better than it already was .	1
perseverance is failing times and succeeding the th . julie andrews at brainyquote via	1
may i have permission to use this photo of messi holding the case i designed ? ta !	0
lol remember zayn s old tweet that said to watch out for august st that s what we re joking about	0
i wonder if billy joe armstrong green day gets woken up every october st . that joke would be funny the first time but prob get annoying .	0
check out in the conference power rankings ! we re coming for you next big ten . maction	0
t blue joined the memorial service of the great east japan earthquake at logoslife church on march th .	0
is anybody going to the ed sheeran concert in houston this thursday	0
us expands ebola screenings at airports an official of the white house said on friday in washington that five in . . .	0
sports programme theme tunes were a topic on the radio just now . fleetwood mac the chain for bbc f a classic but ski sunday was also good	1
agreed . lots of slappy play . and today more mistakes that helped red sox score those runs in the th .	2
this friday the food film series presents the jim henson cult classic labyrinth at the miners foundry cultural . . .	0
fyf festival hey frank you excited to perform this friday ? frank ocean new phone who dis	1
i ll be writing in dennis kucinich for president this november he is the best member former of congress and the best politician in dc	1
who s down to go to the white sox game with me tomorrow ?	0
today rugby will take on dollar with kos . at home we have st nd amp s colts xvs while colts a jca colts b amp jcb xvs are away .	0
actors have the academy awards u c recording artists have the grammys u c and now . .dj u s have the gsa u s ! ! nominees announced tomorrow 	0
did you know that josh hamilton was trending topic on friday for hours in dallas ft . worth ? trndnl	0
david cameron plays the numbers game via	0
a th journo murdered in somalia tokyo unveils stadium design rivals why madrid says it needs olympics 	2
our youtube channel is going to start getting busy so keep checking it for content . starting sunday with ed sheeran enjoying a new song	0
corby may not acknowledge this because he hasn t been told by rolling stone that it s cool .	0
just got a craving for candy cane hot chocolate . is it december yet ?	1
let s see . . . vatech osu tonight ac dc tomorrow night nfl kicks off thursday a .m . alarms every morning startschoolyearoffwithnosleep !	1
i m not sure what rahul gandhi is trying to accomplish with all of this	0
paper towns is out here next monday i need someone to go watch it with !	1
that amp zlatan insisting on playing through pain for the nd half vs . lyon . why not just come off ? up anyway .	0
school tomorrow just isn t gonna work for me	2
maybe i should correct trump on this billion gift to iran . but he may yell at me and i may get grief from neocons too msm thinking	2
make u register for the undergrad summit in atl jan 	0
 th december u c masquarade ball u c night club step u c country step u c cha cha u c waltz u c hustle . beverages and snacks provided !see you 	1
ipad trends bc of iphone announcement tomorrow real reason the d fandom crazy af and makes everything trend	1
hello tuesday i had a nice looooong weekend now it s time to work . at home improvement in murray ky 	1
omg ! just seen the last episodes of svu season for st time . whoa ! sharon stone alex kingston together ? ! ! wow !	0
mark cuban apple tv is a pipe dream and why the hdnet founder thinks that may be a good thing . . .	1
businesses closed on sunday are against my beliefs and affect me but i deal with it . gay marriage doesn t even affect you so don t be a dick	2
according to my dvr the penultimate episode of hannibal is just the th quarter of a nfl preseason game . i could eat a face .	2
the usa eagles take on canada tonight at pm est in a warm up before the rugby world cup if you have direct tv . . .	0
todays ullukapatha is rahul gandhi . you may ask why ? nothing . just that he is a filler on days we have no ullukapathas . happy diwali	1
tina fey amy poehler are hosting the golden globes in january . best news today !	1
cp reporting . . .the sir paul mccartney tickets for the october toronto show go on sale at am est . . .get them while u can . . .	0
as long as you don t go all kurt cobain on me he may have been awesome but he might not have made the best choises lol	0
all ready for the tour tomorrow ! maryland atlantic city nyc . . . we ll be bringing some engelbert music to all the sandy affected areas !	1
damn rip to my great uncle george clayton johnson . years . he wrote the st episode of star trek twilight zone episodes and logan s run	0
guy at dunkin don t you have school or something ? me yeah but i don t really go to st period . . . guy laughs hysterically me . . . .	0
taylor swift may forgive kanye west all she wants i m not that good . god knows i m a pro holding grudges . he acted as an ass . the end .	2
also i want to exploit this convo and say that i ll be writing about u s catalog for in september october .	0
i start school tomorrow and i m only going because i don t want nicki to be mad at me	1
i just got to come to terms and accept it s not july and frank ocean will never drop his album like he said he was	0
can it be thursday yet ? i wanna watch naruto	1
i ve had better weekends . but whatever i m going to use today to sleep and watch dexter . and that s perfect .	1
i suppose their will be a quick flight for kerry to israel for damage control . putin picking up the pieces	2
so offspring were amazing and set the bar very high . foo fighters went over the bar last night . now to see what brand new do on friday .	1
some people go trick or treating but not many . we have australia day on jan u c the queen u s bday u c boxing day . . .	0
once again dustin johnson is leading early in the tourny which means he has plenty of time to screw it up on ether saturday or sunday	2
okay going to bed now hope i can sleep this time ! goodnight xx i ll see what happened at metlife tomorrow ! ! have fun y all ! ! x	1
i had nochill with my bad blood snap chat from saturday s show oh well i literally don t care	0
 amwriting	0
you can tell shawn that i unquit i thought i had a career path in vemma . so yea i ll be in tomorrow regular time .	0
trump we may have so much winning when i m elected that you may get bored with winning . winning .	1
so people are already camping out in nyc at hoh for the galaxy foams that come out friday ! don u t these people have jobs lives ! ? ! ?	0
busy week . tues love and information wed ghost stories thurs matilda and tonight magic mike xxl !	1
my new sounds march of the ants food scarce at the valley .mp on soundcloud	0
there u s gunna be tumbleweed going through oldham tomorrow night cos everyone will be in birdcage wow	0
the landlord from will ferrell .avi via this will cure the monday blues . funny funny shit	1
classic tuesday with rusty zelda twilight princess 	1
real shame joined in the climate of anti est politicians corbyn trump he may have ended up as tory leader ! 	0
aww the capitol haha i m finally going there in april 	1
i u ll let him know if he text me u c otherwise just drop it mate u c i u ve got road tax and cba to get it till monday lol	0
just scheduled it today for this saturday ! quite possibly a day trip with no overnight stay in beautiful covina .	0
it sounds similar to you but to them its like rebecca black singing u friday u . . .lol . .	0
on thursday night game helping recruiting stoops said i think it helps . 	1
the hunger games gets better every time you watch it . . . this is my th time xd	1
ice cube bye felicia on straightouttacompton was waayy funnier then when he said it on friday	1
on saturday the makers of sharknado bring you police academy lavarantula sharknado 	0
soul train u s halloween party sat oct adv tixx wt out costume at the door . . .	0
had kid at sunday school ask me did you know paul mccartney was in another band before wings ? lt feeling old gt nostalgiachat	0
so excited to be at the bold manor with team u c preparing for bolder arrival on sunday ! via	1
live at the roxy on the th of november ! ! ! get your tickets now !	0
just now remembering that told me had my painting and mitchie didn t even mention it in th period anger	2
i wanna taste the sun i knew how to rock was going to be canceled from the start . i mean i . . . . . .	0
going to see paper towns for the th time	1
do you know where justin is gonna be tomorrow for the interviews ?	0
all settled into the hotel in ri for a few days as the st few stops on the bentley tour begin .	0
pixels was sort of strange inside out was amazing and i may be seeing paper towns today so i ll let you know how it is !	0
mean time david cameron is busy with thatchers death hmm	2
i ll hate on kendrick all fucking day but that black friday freestyle is fucking legendary	2
happy halloween ! it is am here in seoul on the st . i love and miss you all in the states .	1
wait it u s friday on the east coast why isn u t little things on itunes	0
after this prison experience i may want to get gay married . wonder who will issue me my marriage license ? kimdavis	1
heather to the rescue ! just agreed to do sight at oldham tomorrow networking oldham	0
caitlyn jenner introduced the band culture club in los angeles on july to a standing ovation .	0
i dont even think briana is sure when she got pregnant	0
pearl jam s jeff aments new project rndm here s the first single modern times album acts out oct th	0
registration is now open ! register for the professional event today the brooklyn bridge walk is free to grab . . .	0
i never thought you and hulk hogan would be the topic of friday night drinks with friends . colincowherd	0
i don t fuck with kendrick like that at all but he slayed this 	0
won king of the ring nd place and i got randy orton card .	1
carlos marin on fb september thanks you salzburg for such beautiful il divo concert yesterday xxx gracias . . .	1
very excited about roskilde festival tomorrow ! on pavillion stage at . pm	1
hulk hogan apologises for his racist comment . terry bollea was at good morning america on monday and he tal . . .	0
just when i thought scott walker couldn t become any more monstrous he goes and puts on those jeans	2
jay bruce on the first pitch from tim byrdak in the bottom of the th september vs . astros to win !	1
celebrate the life and music of george harrison with a free special streaming event on th february .	1
so glad they are bringing angela back . this makes me happy i just hope shawn and angela get their nd chance	1
there s something about friday night lights you just get chills thinking about it .	1
sat here with a cuppa coffee u c watching jeremy kyle with lovely	1
who belong in the rd spot for top of all time . jay z nas or eminem ?	1
caitlyn jenner amp kris jenner pose together in st joint selfie . see the picture gt 	0
listen to kendrick lamar black friday by topdawgent np on soundcloud the whole industry been in shambles	0
 white sox adam eaton is not in the white sox starting lineup on wednesday . alarm	0
it should put her in federal prison for life but she likely will escape to her friends in saudi arabia .	2
moto g rd gen . truly signifies what a life long friendship is all about motobffrevealed	1
anyone wanna buy a zac brown band ticket for the rd ? ? ? dm me if interested	1
star wars day via may the force be with you ! starwars ldcatlanta	1
a great crowd of nearly enjoyed national hot dog day and throwdown thursday tonight ! that s a lot of hot dogs !	1
wanna go to tomorrow s game with fec ? join us at the second floor of the ponce garage at a .m . !	0
the podcast is live as and columnists from the network talk nfl and cfb . listen here 	0
 canada sweden jason vernau live set nightclub miami february th jason vernau is back with some . . .	0
city of sf honors matt cain s perfect game with june th now known as matt cain day . quite an honor for his perfect game well deserved	1
 . i m going to start an account where i tweet every direct and indirect u reference you preach . i ll post times every sun	0
sat in the chuck close lecture check out some of his work here sfn neuroscience 	0
chr christians may have crazy beliefs but atheists are just crazy	2
boutta wear all gear to the redskins game this sunday	0
going down to sg on st . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .scape has a halloween event on that day . . . . . .halloween . .	0
ha ! almost made it through the st hour w o making a stupid comment about muslims or kissing chomsky s ass almost ! tytlive	2
 brewers ryan braun went for left on base four times and hit his rd double of the season . mlb	1
kerry will play dublin in the all ireland senior football championship final on sunday september th at pm in croke park .	1
from the appleevent new watch faces amp rd party complications facebook messenger gopro and airstrip coming to apple watch	1
penn state tight end kyle carter day to day with ankle injury on tuesday in the big ten coach . . . philly sports	0
you rest well jun ! i hope everything gets resolved on wednesday . i will direct jean your way if i see him because he is gay	1
anxious for the one next wednesday i need to get to the bottom of this bobbi kristina and nick thing	2
there s nothing like being sick on a friday night with a great book listening to third eye blind nirvana and radio head . . .	1
interlaken switzerland may th to th nights at the camp 	0
new york times columnist paul krugman wrote in a monday column that although he believes donald trump s positions . . .	0
happy th to hrt ! we love you ! ! ! shan t bone u s	1
 i can t believe i m defending jeb bush but here goes . . . st no official language here in the united states of america .	2
ice cube announced a family friendly friday sequel called is it friday yet 	0
i bet scott walker would dump tonette and become kim davis s th husband if he thought it would help his numbers . but that s a hypothetical .	0
i was supposed to go to the rock on monday so i could buy some nbc stuff u c but my brothers were tired and we had to go home 	2
i was just about to say i know where natertater is going to be tonight . . .it s paleyfest for castle so i am not that stalkerish	0
thanks to all who came down to mardis gras in july at the fullerton downtown plaza last night . all proceeds went . . .	1
i may have to do that . did you see my disney pics from star wars weekends ?	1
george osborne starts nailing down eu reforms with talks in paris . david cameron wants to conclude negotiations by december .	0
super excited to see waiting for the barbarians on thursday at the	1
man behind th grade insults in hot take a senior editor . . . which explains a lot about rolling stone	2
i may have just exceeded my gay	0
ahhh . . . .true . see you tomorrow at packers or at a hs game . . . .or . .nevermind . you re probably off .	1
golf is the camilla parker bowles in our relationship . and yes u c two ! ! u heard i u m going freelance ? st order of business !	0
this saturday amp sunday come join us the at the pomona fairplex ! your ticket can win you a brand new car !	1
think imma go see flight tomorrow . . denzel u s the shit	2
thor has always been a great seller for us ! but it is the th thor in the last couple of years right ? including thors 	1
aug th st practice day . we haven t reached st patrick s day yet the snakes are still in ireland come in and get bitten ! snake bites	2
you should totally come and perform in houston and while your at it come and visit the houston rodeo in march 	1
i may be late to this party but ant man is a great movie ! ranks among my top picks in the marvel cinematic universe i didn t expect that	1
now that there s several d showings of ant man a day maybe i ll actually see it . . . like tomorrow .	1
for the nd weekend in a row norwich city get a lucky break . still wouldn u t be surprised if villa win but norwich got to get something now	1
to be totally fair not that he isn t a shit this was in january in response to the charlie hebdo attacks	2
for the st time spoke sense on the show to . . . . . . . narendra modi kabhi bhoolte nahi hai 	1
i wonder what my mom would say i i asked her about going to grand bend for may 	0
okay me and are about to watch the woman in black . this may be a terrible night .	2
sa urged to save electricity eskom urged south africans on thursday to save electricity to reduce demand on the gr . . .	0
while software may be eating the world amazon appears to be eating everything . amazon prime will soon include free restaurant delivery .	1
some copies of go set a watchman by harper lee may have lines of text missing at the bottom of six pages between and .	0
is stadium kanyi open tomrw for the opening ceremony and abs vs tonga game ? i happen to be off duty tomorrow 	1
busy day in milan tomorrow four meetings . hopefully no fog . . .	1
dentist may lose navy job in saratoga due to israel ties you have weekly telephone contact with your mother . . .	2
 th august .the anthem still chokes me up .the flag still makes me proud .gandhi still looks over us .happy independence day india	1
if the fhd screen of yureka plus is better than moto g rd gen ?	0
may i inform you my grandadwas in the ira or was fighting them i cant remember	0
just found my iditarod powerpoint on a disc from like th grade . . . . . . . . . . .	0
hey i wanna see flight tomorrow with denzel ol fine self .	1
 waok the sports kings uga gets ready for boise state ! yesterday no . georgia scrimmaged against the bull . . .	0
david wright s night is done . played rd base for innings fielded balls and went for with a strikeout . slowly but surely . . . mets	0
going to baylor on the th	0
nitish kumar can t claim he has just become cm in nov he is cm of bihar since last yrs but this time with rjd amp rahul gandhi	0
i would purchase ps tomorrow however until the logitech g is fully supported across the board no deal ! ! !	0
 update oct th world date with shinee key and jonghyun mentioned in one of cast member s tweet . . .	0
tiger woods is awful . luckily for him his terrible golf is only going to be seen on tgc today and not cbs where everyone can see .	2
i don t know what to wear tomorrow and i definitely believe this is the work of lady gaga and her team	0
love that james bond montage at the end of super sunday by sky	1
my question if has canceled may trip to milan for jubilee commitments what are the commitments . he going someplace else ?	0
well u c it u s monday again folks start of week at ou ! but u c it u s a new week in salem port charles ! woo ! days gh ! morning all ! 	1
having dinner with to plan th annual ny arab american comedy festival and ac dc walked in . but couldn t get a photo	1
red sox getting battered by the yankees at home it s in the rd let s see if they fire the coach .	0
i wonder if they ll cut out nicki calling miley out when they air it again tomorrow	0
nyt editorial claims john kasich might be appealing to swing voters while admitting he s a social conservative .	0
may well but is it coincidence that ukip and england more on the right where amp popular amp less up here ?	0
one more game and are toast from the playoffs as beat new york at msg to lead series game on abc sunday .	0
the bee gees first of may mint rpm with original sleeve	0
we play in the semis on friday at the curtis culwell center i don t know what time yet !	0
i may not be the biggest ron howard tom cruise fan but boy do i love far and away	1
so u c in jan darryl issa called investigating wikileaks a priority and today he dumped raw intelligence data on internet ? irony u c anyone ?	2
may you find peace in life . i think i m too educated to argue with sum who thinks islam is a cult . take care	0
top grammy nominees are . . . the nominations for the th grammy awards were announced monday morning and taylor swift and kendrick . . .	0
holy s t navas will not make it in milan	2
defeating boko haram is no longer in two months it is now by december months . changingchangi	0
the only person who could put this country back together amp reinforce it as a secular state is donald trump	1
rt this afternoon s jets training camp practice will be closed to the public due to heavy storms heading toward florham park nj	0
around what time on thursday does kissanime upload the new naruto episode	0
rational ground promoting ibm machine accessories april prevail decent the minutiae i myself fancy now circular ! twhyb	0
everyone s out black friday shopping talking about what deals they got and i m just over here like hey i m eating thanksgiving leftovers ! .	0
the buccaneers have a bye week this weekend . they are practicing hard for their game on october th vs the vikings . lwlive	1
beyond eyes out tomorrow on ps hey playstation .blog readers ! together with independent developer tiger amp squ . . .	0
yeah imma be in vegas from th rd so i just want a dinner in dallas with friends	0
wow john kasich may inserted one of the biggest foots ever inserted into a political mouth never insult teachers !	2
fantasy wise all i need is td s from romo and from holmes tonight	0
everyone in the summersville area come watch our game tomorrow at nicholas county ! !	1
paul dunne of ireland formerly of the uab golf team amp st amateur in yrs to be in the lead british open .	0
it s from the movie friday with ice cube and chris tucker . it s just a new way of saying get out of my face . 	0
 th lie sameera said that nabeel s marches threatened police to use molotov cocktails iron rods ! she s not ashamed of pure lies bahrain	2
if you haven t had a chance yet piece is great sunday reading donald trump how the myth was made	1
did break windows ? was working fine on wednesday but now i can t get passed the login screen without it freezing up .	2
john cena has been named as the nd most charitable athlete in the world . . st . c ronaldo nd .john cena and . . .	1
 broncos peyton manning named afc offensive player of the month . it u s his th such honor u c second to tom brady u s u c tied w td .	0
keep in mind hillary s initial refusal to apologize wasn t off the cuff . it came after months of scrutiny .	0
amanda knox case the obsession with what happened that night in italy	0
i have no idea what s going on but why is no one talking about liam and zayn ? ! will zayn attend the vmas ? ! it s liam s birthday tomorrow ! ! !	0
rt rt free agent wr jerricho cotchery traveling to baltimore tonite to begin visit with ravens . visit . . .	0
if you have amazon prime you can stream the first seasons . i was hooked way through the st ep .	1
 rd bass documentary going straight to netflix and amazon prime	0
eating doritos w tapatio and watching family guy to end the night 	0
great to see paul dunne amp padraig harrington in with a chance to win the british open at st .andrews on monday .	1
ft barcelona valencia barcelona lose a league game at the camp nou for the first time since april real madrid 	0
i should be in hammond saturday night u c or friday night you got my line right	0
using office s bing dictionary . type in bound . this is the rd picture they show me . wtf ? . . .	2
i m also aware the audience may not like my take pro choice gay marriage can t we just all get along . . .	0
september th the grateful dead performed at glen helen regional park in devore audio . . .	0
bozo porno circus with ebm dollz live october in san antonio at backstage live ! via	0
tanzania nigeria chad egypt sunday oliseh s first game in charge of the super eagles disappointedly . . .	2
every time i see a runner slide into st i see kenny lofton laying on the ground arm limp like a dead fish .	2
kris bryant is just too tall to play rd base	0
real madrid still faithful that the deal will be accepted . but it will have to be tomorrow .	0
sunday oliseh the newly appointed super eagles handler has advised nigerian players plying their trade at big . . .	0
core athletes winter banquet december th pm . top prospects and college coaches from the b g u c sec u c big u c mac and mvc . compete	0
 gay couples ruin the sanctity of marriage said the woman on her th marriage . you re a government employee do your job .	2
the ford gt has won its nd vln race at the nordschleife lexus of is nd in front of walkenhorst bmw z 	1
i u m going to destructo at rise in boston u c ma sep 	0
murray gives it his all but can t break bellucci amp now he must hold at . can he avoid a th set ?	0
you only have more title then us . . . and you play in the nd worst conference in cfb	2
so this was our saturday fear the walking date . couple of dunkin s and a new zombie show . party hard .	1
if they really gonna disband it means that i was right when i thought simon is lying in those interviews after zayn left . the sun	2
don t worry i m sure you passed it ! any more exams this week ? i m good got a job in hmv today so starting monday week 	1
sharknado may be one of the worst movies i have ever seen in my life .	2
thanks for the nd half info on neb helps salvage a rough betting day latechsuckd	1
meet your water nirvana this saturday with amp 	0
in pope john paul ii proclaimed the catholic church wrongly condemned galileo for asserting the earth revolves the sun years late	0
tia sharp s funeral today may she rest in perfect peace .	1
rt i stopped watching them after the nd one rt final destination ? i ll pass lt i watched them all sadly	2
the only reason why i wanna have tomorrow is because naruto and sasuke is gonna beat the shit out of madara in the next episode tomorrow d	1
this the st year i ve not been to excited about the new iphone announcement but i m stoked for the new apple tv amp their streaming service	1
icc announces teams for wcl division the international cricket council icc thursday announced the six squ . . .	0
whoever u s going to a ap rocky wit me on the th better buy their tickets like today . i think imma get mine soon	0
 rd time my lumia handset submitted in service centre in last months no one is looking into it . need replacement of my 	2
my bf was not wrong about kendrick lamar s black friday 	0
guest teaching super saturday with kris gordon rocked ! wisconsin athletic club 	1
as noted brock lesnar has been announced for the october rd wwe live event from madison square cont 	0
see how cute she is on her day off ? i spent my day off in my pjs watching the st season of survivor on amazon prime	1
today for the first time i noticed how gorgeous it is when the sun comes up over the washington monument .	1
houston ! ! help deadeye celebrate the music of the good ol grateful dead at the cottonwood houston on saturday . . .	1
sun the bee gees really have chuneeee	1
congrats on the new contract and good luck tomorrow in bmore ! go steelers !	1
ira and others killed innocent civilians but the good friday was meant to be about moving on noew it rears its ugly head	2
this is such a breach of the st amend that even madonna s gay brother is standing with kim ! const . attacktd	0
check my st time playin with jlin . linsanity	0
the late october best picture oscars predictions you u ve been waiting for coverage of the oscars has reache . . .	0
once because of the charlie hebdo shootings in january and this time in the light of the paris terror attacks .	0
big night . going to watch the cards thrash the pirates for a bit and then the debut on mnf . cantwait	1
i see ed sheeran on that day	0
real sentence josh donaldson drove in troy tulowitzki with his th hr of the season to give david price and the bluejays the lead .	0
james packer with singer mariah carey in cannes in june . picture . . .	0
tomorrow is national ice cream day so make sure to get the cream in your mouths	1
sunday s with itchy ep back in the saddle again . if all goes according to plan we ll be in israel by fuckcancer	0
happy saturday briana . i just left my biggest family christmas gathering of the season . how are you ?	1
that may sound like a plan ! are you staying in terra nova ? maybe come out for one after i ve had some grub	0
photos i took tuesday morning of the aftermath from hurricane sandy in a block span of long beach u c ny	0
down at chesters tonight playing some bass with the august james band . can u t wait to see what songs we know how to play !	1
thinking of making a weasley is our king poster for the ed sheeran concert i m going to saturday .	1
another great night in split off to hvar on the ferry tomorrow morning . . . dreading the packing but excited to get there !	1
adele s new album will be released this november ? ! ? ! ummm yes please . this better be true ! and she better not pull a frank ocean either .	1
ha ha what howard webb you cheeky bugger . were saving him for saturday lol !	0
sis just told me that chris evans capt america was in her summer reading program when she st became a librarian .	0
boehner sent a letter ? tweeted yesterday about one from cantor .	0
galaxy note ipoop moto x nd gen . . . i m upgrading to the nexus 	0
when the delegation of najran who were christians came to prophet muhammad may infinite divine salutations and . . .	0
god bless aly for letting us go to dunkin donuts tomorrow bc im going to need that coffee sooooooooooo bad	0
nick was the st one pinned in the elimination chamber .	0
so if floyd mayweather wins against berto amp ultimately ends up retiring undefeated he will be the th undefeated fighter in boxing history	0
have you seen yesterday s article about joe biden ? he may decide not to run for potus	0
about to watch safe house for the st time . . . redbox latepass	0
rahul gandhi back to his home . italy . may be the last time he goes before feb hearing . next time jail for sure . congress	0
oh right that s alright then i m off on the th at am . supposed to go on the st but i have to enrole at runshaw . x	1
sunday july is national ice cream day ! come celebrate with a free scoop of ice cream at altman s from to pm !	1
rt drop what you re doing this wednesday night and come hang out with the gs au crew at our deus ex preview event ! . . .	0
hey lou i got a good deal on a bunker i can sell you on nov th rightwingparanoia	1
brokenhearted karmin format mp download release date may download . visit the hot new rel . . .	0
did you know there is another volvo out there with a hib plate spotted on the m on wednesday evening ?	0
literally sat all day playing sims n listening to justin bieber	0
going to sunderland vs villa on saturday . . dont hold the highest hopes for a good match	2
dustin johnson so often the nearly man at the majors eagles the par th to share the early pga championship lead at four under .	0
lsu coach les miles said bcs title game has no bearing on saturday u s matchup with alabama	0
may not watch raw tonight i was already tired of seth rollins when he retained against brock . just think how big he s head going to be now .	0
 queen is worried about black m .hence mumbai riot see msm lies thin crowd ramlila on rd day n	0
galaxy foams painting sneak peak . finishing in the morning . vid tomorrow night !	0
call me behind the times but the hulk hogan stuff on twitter recently has made my week and it s only tuesday . hulkpls	0
m baby ! ! ! hopefully the crowd won t be too rowdy like coachella . hammerstein ballroom for m and sun airway 	1
probably the greatest threat to the british public since tony blair	0
mrs splash can t wait to meet everybody for the early years dance workshop sunday am at splash dance . thanks	1
thursday s lightning deal ! praise the sun and grab off our dark souls range today at	1
it was at place de la nation on the day of the mass march after charlie hebdo shooting . i probably should have noted that .	0
i love the on time part axl rose shows up on time u c gives jimmy kimmel st live tv interview in years	1
wanted to go see joey perform tonight but then again i might just go on sat cuz i remembered ventura shows are weak compared to la oc shows	0
looking for people to join my younique team by oct st . just a few requirements . must love make up . must . . .	1
wvu u s qsu meetings will be at their regular time again starting tonight . meet us at the mountainlair laurel room at pm every thursday .	0
he should watch lil guy round rousey weight class may be a knew billie king in the making	1
canucks tickets went on sale august th for their training camp in prince george . who s going ? . . .	0
could be car crash tv ! celebrity big brother full lineup revealed as janice dickinson enters the house	0
microsoft issues critical patch for windows vista users microsoft issues light patch tuesday with just one . . .	0
no disrespect to kendrick but march madness was the song of the year if not the greatest song of all time	0
no home opener info over labor day weekend . instead we learned that all home games will be friday or saturday with one sunday afternoon .	0
it s ok to celebrate jul even though you don t believe in odin and thor . should atheists celebrate christmas	0
thursday is national hot dog day ! what would you like on yours ? give us your ideas !	1
 bhramabull janet jackson shares a heartfelt note dedicated to aaliyah with tuesday marking the . . . bhramabull	0
the zac brown band will play fenway park this friday sunday . don t miss it !	1
frank ocean really sold dreams uno it s the th of august and still no album	0
i know you were big on bloodbourne . i ve never played a souls game . gonna stream a blind ignant run of dark souls sun pm pst .	0
witnessed a perfectly executed crash landing in the gulf of mexico today . whatabadass	1
audio question hi i am new to lexus ownership and have a gs with sat nat and scree . . . lexus automotive	0
heeey could you look for shawn s hotel in madrid for his concert the th of september ? ? thankss	0
vh u s mob wives celebrate the th anniversary of the clothing line in new york city 	0
dustin johnson off to a flyer yet again ! all he needs to do is stay off the coke on saturday night .	2
tomorrow s national hot dog day apparently . i m excited .	1
anyone taking their kids trick or treating tomorrow and would take briana with them for a little while ?	0
hollywood actress sharon stone chaired an aids research fund raiser despite being hospitalised with a migraine on friday .	0
september th the grateful dead performed at nyc s madison square garden audio 	1
if you wanted to know who my woman crush wednesday was yesterday take a wild guess . it was the amazing demi lovato .	1
sigh hulk hogan is in the news again for the wrong reasons .	2
i may not be a freddie mercury fan but gotta say that the idiot kanye west just got schooled	2
nigeria s army said late on sunday that it rescued people held by islamist militant group boko haram in nigeria s borno state news	0
ned stark may be back for game of thrones season . here s what it means via gameofthrones	1
please some classic big brother tantrums for the bamboleo gap ! please make my wednesday !	1
me c mon izz zayn isn t performing with the weeknd . good things like that never happen .	0
it s not friday but time for a thank you card . thank you jimmy fallon for the jokes about vermont s governor election	1
the first time i saw ed sheeran live he was opening up for taylor swift at the aaa . tomorrow i see him headline the aaa .	1
watching the vmas tomorrow just so i can watch nicki call miley out on her dumb shit	0
is throwing a free show on sunday labor day weekend featuring some of the top locals at nirvana in san antonio !	1
happy nd birthday prince george ! ! my family hoped that you will have a great day and many dreams comes true . lt 	1
sorry for not replying much u c working but most want sagna lb or tv shifted but remember kos and jenk played mins tues too . toughcall	2
eid rd day . . . . good after none	1
sorry i can t make it in to work tomorrow got caught in a sharknado	2
holy content batman ! not gonna get it done tonight but early tomorrow before i leave for work it will be up !	1
 words tonight s the night dexter	1
goodnight to you too ira . see you tomorrow . 	1
happy hour at msapc with and friends . good luck for tomorrow s keynote	1
milan vs empoli preview will the rossoneri bounce back on saturday night ? milanempoli serieatim	0
martin stupid st notice u c nd notice u c a don u t let me catch your ass in the street notice 	2
i m worried i may sing out loud on the train ! ! beyonce s album just gets me in the singing mood everytime !	1
 new niall with fans at chicago at am in the morning august rd ! via mtvhottest one direction	0
iron maiden tours video game history in st new single in five years . the graphics and feel of the games is so good	1
well i ll be watching on a th gen of iphone . even it wont get ios update . appleevent	1
im going to finish now the nd season of teen wolf	1
djokovic looks physically better than against goffin amp dolgopolov he may beat federer today probably he played only in previous rds	0
hopefully y all is still doing the vote for april thingy on sharknado ! aprildies	1
yay payday today u c and i u ll be in austin tomorrow nite to see leonard cohen ! ! ! i gotsa four day weekend on my hands ! ! happy fukn halloween ! !	1
it always rains for allderdice s prom then when it s time for lineup the sun is shining bright . ?	0
sunday bests pabh band of skulls eagles of death metal the horrors me first and the gimme gimmes and less than jake .	1
coming tomorrow my response to the conservative dissenting opinion on gay marriage . this one can get me killed by radical christians .	0
enjoy your last night in swansea ! thursday is all about sin city sinsavers	1
 after the rd goal there is a clip of me my son amp his mate going mad in front of a very depressed liverpudlian !	2
y all i just realized and we haven t spoken about this in a while but if briana is really having a baby she is due in january i believe . . .	0
here i come ps i ll see you in march th ! !	1
i wish i could listen to kpop during the exam tomorrow	0
stoked about knicks vs celtics ! st nba game .	1
if it makes you feeling any better . . . .i got dumped by my st boyfriend by note right before valentine s day . 	2
nick are you going to see madonna on this tour . i m going on september in chicago . i can t wait !	1
i u mma probably just watch good deeds for like the rd or th time !	1
that u s going to be wicked with no fireworks ! dohh haa i u ve got zumba sat then going propaganda in the eve busyy 	1
the jersey stripes don t line up in both photos and the nd one is a ripoff from milan s .	2
grand opening tomorrow . come out to vans at town center and visit me and check it out !	0
when th st war began my older sister was school israel bombed an area close the school .we were wondering if she s still alive gaza	2
 mets b david wright went for with a walk in his first rehab start since going on the dl in april with a . . .	0
star wars day here on sat . hoping c lots of wookies droids amp ewoks but even those from the dark side r welcome !	1
swanage an apple iphone has been handed in swanage town hall office . please come in and speak to us if you think it may be yours .	1
carly fiorina may make some inroads toward some dem support if she support some dems initiatives including admitting obama did some good ! ! !	1
ucla says howland will return for th season ucla announced tuesday that ben howland will remain on the job as me . . .	0
y all try to be nice and deceiving the way nia long was about her friend in friday who looks like janet jackson 	1
colbert on trump takes me to my comfort zone . may satire reign on lateshow with stephencolbert .	1
some of the team are off to artytype to finish off the christmas magazine today ! make sure you grab your copy in the gazette on the th 	1
field trip to october ! breakfast at jungle island u cmeet deca members from other schools and find out what deca is all about 	1
sony may have cut scenes from willsmith s film concussion to avoid angering the nfl !	0
quite the home debut for notredame qb malik zaire he just threw his rd td of the day to chris brown . nd up on texas fox ndvstex	1
i m going to watch crossfire hurricane tomorrow hbo can t wait i m sure i will fall in love with it !	1
still got halloween candy ? you may be priding yourself on the fact that there s still halloween candy h . . .	1
this is seems relevant with both mississipppi teams in the top . article from april from a writer with ole miss ties	1
 . chuck norris once roundhouse kicked a man into next week . . .in fact i believe he s due back tomorrow .	1
big brother starting next friday ? at the end of this morning slipped up amp said don t cause you ll get me sacked before friday night	0
who s going to see chris brown tomorrow ?	0
ryan braun leadoff triple to start the th . casual .	0
lls i remember when i tryed to go out with oomf in th grade in eastern . but i was champ . and she was goregous . but now idk .	1
hey thank you so much for your help moto g rd generation delivery expected by fri st aug your item has been confirmed	1
i feel so enlightened . what do i do with my life now . i may have reached nirvana .	1
leaving now for the long drive to detroit had about hours of sleep after chicago last night but wide awake ! see some of you tonight ! ! !	0
gucci bags subconscious mind brashness january break the seal the dichotomous thy cat far out rise versus indu . . .	2
i have a good feeling about saturday the money will be coming my way ! jacob	1
report after heavy losses iran withdrawing from syria and hezbollah fears it may lose	0
even tho . lakers are i still believe they ll be in that court on june against the celtics or heat idcwhatthehatershavetosay	1
 rt the rd book in the viking s apprentice series has been released . amazon users get it here amreading	1
 november . an ira bomb exploded before a remembrance day service at the cenotaph in enniskillen norhtern ireland killing people .	2
bring it on cd signing and performance event w tomorrow at pm . barnes and noble on th and lexington in manhattsn 	0
cant go to hot springs for the band marching contest because i didnt march at homecoming	2
 apple watch apps you should check out ten more apple watch apps your wrist may thank you for	1
gosh darn it i really hope i get to meet niall and the rest of one direction in december 	0
i just can t wait for ed sheeran on saturday	1
give me a promo in the video .dont forgetrt the announcement video is coming out tomorrow ! ! you guys will be aware of everything .	0
i ve said all along that scott walker s low key style doesn t set the barn on fire but will win the day .	1
i was looking at the scottish kilomathon in march . are you about ? st . patrick s day my half birthday 	0
tsipras departure may just confirm like it or not that corbyn s chances of success as leader are slim if not non existent .	0
kane should stop chasing da goal stay calm goals will come automatic may be he ll get a hatick next game who knows	0
game in progress but kris bryant has hit his th hr . he has rbis at the moment .	0
but just so your warned if scouts ruled against nd amendment trump said we d have to abide by that	2
but trust a dj who u s giving away triksta all about n .o . rap scene choppa on gumbo monday pm fundingdrive ! bounce !	1
the thing though is if pogba ever does leave juve it will be to barca also my team isn t in th place right now .	0
listen to the wind blow watch the sun rise . fleetwood mac the chain studio version via	0
brock lesnar is wearing the exact same thing he wore the last time he went on espn in april . one can only conclude he owns one blazer .	0
best . day . ever . okay maybe not ever but it was pretty awesome ! zzzzzzzzzz and disneyland tomorrow ! ! ! lastfewdaysoffreedom lovemylife	1
i m about to start barging the pier every monday imma just need to stock up on moebius stickers	2
 . nirvana gallons of rubbing alcohol flow through the strip in utero th anniversary edition 	0
microsoft released windows on july th and since launch there have been over million installs of the . . .	1
tomorrow is national hot dog day ! be sure to vote for sahlens for customer choice awards 	1
people are going to know i was up late watching the walking dead tonight because i m going to look like a walker tomorrow . . .	2
heard she can t even eat an apple her teeth are still loose amp fight in july ? dana white didn t milk her enough ? !	2
going to see foo fighters in edinburgh tomorrow night but for now it s madonna on spotify shuffle .	1
i m going to nekromantix at el plaza condesa in mexico city mexico sep 	0
did all my homework that u s due in for later this week instead of the homework that u s due for monday and tuesday u c twat	2
anyways u c good morning . did you know about khader adnan u s lecture in ramallah tomorrow evening pm in ramallah ? do not miss it .	1
real madrid have signed a seven year old argentine boy a spokesman for the club confirmed on monday	0
if holds the wwe title until the royal rumble u c he will have held the title for days . making him the th longest reign . . .	0
my family are listening to justin bieber and im just sat here feeling a little sick	2
blood moon blood moons decoding the imminent heavenly signs the sun shall be turned into darkness and the moon in	0
new starwars comic out tomorrow journey to star wars the force awakens shattered empire amp darth vader	1
oc folks see below if you are in orange county tomorrow come to our beacon summer olympics at la palma . . .	1
this is as brutal of a loss as it gets . up then up with outs in the th only to blow it . it u s going to be a very long winter in wsh .	2
casually drops this in memory of zayn since the st mv w o him dropped yesterday dragmedownmusicvideo	0
the new video from our amazing friends th world from the island of st lucia . respect from venice beach . . .	0
oh u want me to take the lexus tomorrow uhhhh yea dats my car too of course i will	1
i agree with chelsea city and arsenal but man utd ?no way mate they will be more closer to th rather than top 	0
obama may have been better off staying put u c personally i u m glad he u s back on the trail he u s helping move people to mitt !	1
how can i go to sleep when i was just twerking in my bathroom because of metlife tomorrow	1
was angry at me after friday because dustin johnson was outperforming jordan spieth . he s now quite happy with me .	0
mma espn .com espn video on the night of his explosive win dan henderson relives his . . .espn .go .com video cl . . .	1
 tech confirmed galaxy note unpacked event set for august th rumors about the galaxy note launch . . . news	1
my thoughts and prayers are with my comrade frank gifford and his family . may our nfl great rest in paradise .	1
finished signing up for the sat and act	0
yo dicko ! ! it was pure sectarian bigotry from the ira councillor which started this in the st place ! !	2
 rd day of taks test . hope i do good . lol	1
arian foster suddenly q for monday night with a groin thing . . fuck	2
boston rob may have won survivor and the bachelor u c but definitely not the finchelor . rhap fan	2
no white t s no ball cap . cash to the women in the sexiest red dress . . . raffles for moet rose a pair of red bottoms . september st	1
whitney houston s daughter bobbi kristina stars in a new reality show much of it filmed in atlanta	0
tv news dec th u gossip girl u finale will air a sneak peek of the upcoming u sex the city u spin off u the carrie diaries u 	0
murray . first set mins nd . bellucci s fine start belief fading fast murray steady with flashes of his best like sp pass .	0
the mccormick place . . . .rite here by the hyatt hotel on like rd nd king dr .	0
bout to clown these catholics and christians on tomorrow . blind eyes when you want em don t change things . silence for now .	0
roma boss garcia demands more ahead of juventus clash roma will attack juventus from the outset on monday ae . . .	0
soto homered to add another run to the white sox s tally lead in the th	0
moto g rd gen with android . gb ram upgraded mp front amp mp rear camera p display g lte amp water resistant	0
minneapolis reuters joe biden got plenty of love from top democrats on friday but their views about a pos . . .	0
i can t tell if it is working on my blog i will have to check tomorrow on the computer . i was using my ipad .	0
it s another sunday with perfect cinema weather so head down for inside out and ant man worthing book at	1
lol i u m in laguna hills u c but ima be in l .a hollywood all day today tomorrow .	0
appeals court hears challenge to florida drug testing law arguments were heard in the th circuit court of app . . .	0
deejaying this friday in the first chop it u s chris actual smith with a smashing mish mashing of tunes from stoke . . .	1
off to er for the edinburgh derby c mon the hibs	0
testimony from harvey skinner working with refugees in milan italy on saturday we went to a camp in the . . .	0
i may fight with kpop fans but i will never ever make fun of someone s death	0
but she threatened to call the cops bc she dropped her ipad . . . . st why would you even take an ipad lmao	0
according to yougov ukip are nd most popular party in the c de social grade bracket lab ukip con 	1
these poor kids man . . .junior nkwelle tia sharp april jones . . .what if it wa your kid tho . . ? 	2
keep it going paul dunne . managed to get on him earlier when his odds were enormous . same again tomorrow will be laughing . theopen 	0
i agree with ice cube	1
did you know that janet jackson was trending topic on thursday for hours in calgary ? trndnl	1
tomorrow is national ice cream day ! how about celebrating with this delicious treat . . .	1
i really wanna go to knott s on the st	1
i u m having white collar withdrawal . i can u t wait till it comes back in january .	1
daylight saving time ends sun . be sure the time on your phone system is re set contact . . . . .	0
 lt love is in the air . . today is valentine s day in china ! here s everything you need to know 	1
 . .as the st november election nears erdogan may dither amp push us to do this difficult task amp take the blame	2
you u ve seen the honey badger video now get the pizza sun dried to . . . pic foursquare	0
i predict frank ocean will drop his album in the wee hours of thursday night	0
may bug the shit out of me but she was right about fleetwood mac on vinyl	0
taylor is going to dominate when the nominations for the vmas are released tomorrow blank space and bad blood were very well made videos .	1
if harper doesn t want fans to leave in the th perhaps he and his teammates should stop under performing and losing big ball games ? nats	2
 big if and chuck norris only knows it assuming if you have an idea tomorrow is going to be an up day 	0
i got an iced coffee from dunkin donuts this morning and it literally tasted like sink water and it ruined my whole thursday	2
can t wait for january so i could lock myself in a dark room amp listen to the entirety of blackstar .weird david bowie music is the best music	1
sunday july th is national ice cream day . come celebrate with us ! get up to two free toppings with any . . .	1
team undertaker right here . thinking we may see kane tonight though .	1
my presentation for the dg agri event for euyoungfarmers in milan monday . on new technolgies chain organisation	0
anyone want to come to kenny chesney and jason aldean at metlife on saturday i have an extra ticket and by extra i mean a plus one wink wink	1
when frank ocean said he was gonna release his new album in july amp it s already august th amp still nothing .	0
sony u s playstation network store will receive an overhaul next wednesday u c october u c in the pal territories and october in north . . .	0
andy lee punts it down to the after crabtree couldn t come up with grab on rd down .	2
former lsu qb jordan jefferson was arrested w the honey badger . daddy miles can u t save you this time and let you start on saturday .	2
whoever u s going to a ap rocky wit me on the th better buy their tickets like today . i think imma get mine soon	0
our st ever guest on axschat was the ever charming of the bbc you can still see the video here	1
rt rt if michael jackson is the first thing you think of when you wake up the last thing you think about at night	0
lol get a grip royals fans . i can forgive the hrs but he biffed that pitch to thor and then fell apart in the th	2
obama postpones political trip on wednesday to convene white house meeting about ebola outbreak white house na serious mata o 	0
morning paper georgia gets ready for the big opener it needed . boise state looks for a kicker . the bangles .	0
when islam respects women gays atheists free speech amp human rights then it may earn my respect .	2
can someone tell me how teens with purchasing power managed to sell out a pm monday matinee of paper towns	0
 rd in table and look good a great performance today . lets drag that to the mackems on tuesday ! utb	1
sunday dinner u c mersey side derby and man u chelsea . decent day ahead	1
finally watching twilight for the st time . now i can see why i avoided it socringeworthy awkwardacting s	2
kris bryant takes garza way out and cubs fans are on their feet . bottom of the nd . milvschc brewers	0
anne is literally going to see taylor swift on friday . with my entire family . without me .	2
i hear that caitlyn jenner may have to go to jail . i guess she committed manslaughter !	2
jenelle lies u c st she said she was alone the hosp .now she u s saying how weird it was for keiffer u s	2
spending a nice day at dhs . enjoying all the rides before coming back for star wars weekends activities on saturday ! sww woot	1
 at first i was worried about their th album without zayn but if they are all like that wow .	1
please can you tell me when the th anniversary ps controller is released ? thanks !	0
um . . .bobby jindal amp scott walker don t love america or its constitution particularly the th amend	2
cena with that broken nose . and if sting is in the title chase paul hhh may have killed that cena rollins feud .	0
last chance for you to book in for our bob marley showtime tomorrow night ! fizz on arrival and a four course meal . . .	0
matt trey on minutes tomorrow . i haven t been this excited for a segment since andy rooney learned about cordless phones .	1
if twilight wins all the awards at the tca s tonight i will burn my twilight posters k ? ok .	2
so brock lesnar is just going to throw every single person on the roster into the sun ? great . raw	0
gregg williams will attend st . louis rams game sunday u c espn reports jonathan vilma points out the interesting t . . .	0
media did sympathize with yakub n help in producing many young yakubs in india . but you guys claim u r th pillar .bloody shame	2
dec st will be know not as the end of the world but the baby boom ! shit	0
watch a live video stream of the special event online or via apple tv starting at a .m . pdt . 	0
what s the over under of pics tomorrow captioned i just fucked ur butch in some gucci foamposites ?	2
messi has scored against every south american team he is just the th player to achieve that .	1
justin bieber in devonshire as the relation of her two ladies may be no notice it .	0
freedom of religion was the primary reason ppl came to america in the st place . gay marriage was unheard of yrs ago .	0
i think we may have just found out the reason he plays carrick at centre half when we have no one else lackofexperienceshows	2
i just went with tom brady nd overall . did i win or . . . ?	0
kris bryant on theneeds check it out !	0
departure of ship stanford provider port abu dhabi time nov am utc time of arrival departure is the time the ves . . .	0
clear the day this saturday pepper i m going to kiryu .	1
i think joe biden will announce he s running for president on colbert next thursday .	1
getting the song done tomorrow hit a pain thing again and weights and cardio too feeling lonely like chris brown but in time not in prime	0
i really feel like poor planning was involved in whatever it was that made ash wednesday and national margarita day collide	2
i watched cowboys totally manhandle seahawks sunday . score was way way closer than the game on the field . cowboysrforreal	0
zayn u c will you really take me there ? wherever that may be .	0
ay but i have a date with colorado tomorrow !	0
wwe s rounds lockdown with dean ambrose may actually be a decent movie . . . . . . . . . . . maybe . wwe	1
starting th in heat one with the world of outlaws at eldora speedway !	1
perfect date would be on the beach watching the sun make the hills it s grave while played rolling stone until his fingers bled	1
vanessa and denies are coming shopping with me on black friday . !	0
don t be too upset about the lack of football this weekend the soccer game against seaholm is only a few days away ! tuesday . home . .	2
sam smith had twice the reason to celebrate on tuesday picking up best solo artist honours at the gq men of the . . .	1
sun . is national ice cream day ! celebrate at with free sundae toppings from noon pm .	1
they get players like tom brady and julian edelman in the th and th rounds . reasonsthepatriotswin	0
it has been almost years since kurt cobain the lead of nirvana died .i find it truely amazing that his legacy still lives on . may he r .i .p	1
rt it is a .m . in the morning at new york . expect developments in next hours . mrs gandhi must have just woken up .	0
i think the best stan lee cameo may be in ant man . it had me laughing hard .	1
both teams have been on offensive tears since the break . boston leads mlb with r in the second half . the white sox are th with r .	0
agree . but at least he let ted go st . was ted s rally after all . still same trump speech didn t seem to fit .	0
wow angela merkel tells sobbing asylum seeker why she cannot stay in germany video 	2
my mom watching the trayvon martin trial . . . smh some may say its fucked up but i just don u t care	2
photos wahala wa o ! ! ! caitlyn jenner wears a swimsuit in public for the st time usa uk dxb dubai mydubai uae	0
rt why does steve jobs hate you your link cars perform my best friend s girl needs flash to play	2
the news networks are covering the trump debate this thursday like it s a floyd mayweather fight .	0
right u c the nd tweet is better u c but i u m at harold washington . . .	1
contraband on blue ray st season of martin sidney poitier in the heat of the night ps 	0
federer is about to begin his nd round . go watch it .	1
stoops said towles did some good things saturday took care of the ball better than the previous weeks .	1
congratulations to ylianna guerra ! st runner up the miss usa this past weekend ! photo darren decker josh brasted	1
biggest question of the week is maybe which taylor swift record will i take to vinyl club on sunday ? 	1
but hey caitlyn jenner may be a woman now but she was a rich white man not too long ago . the privilege never went away	2
anyone who plays football manager knows vermalen is st choice captain . besides arsenal play better with a defender in charge	1
iran ibna th book review festival held based on scientific principals as about as dry as it gets ? 	0
a statement carnival cruise made about the ebola scare .	0
not so fast ! taylor swift may check all of calvin harris s boxes but the bad blood singer . . . hollywooddivas	0
 ichiro has nothing . if you want to see hustle kenny lofton october scores from second base on a past ball . gotribe alds	0
lovatics ! are you ready for demi lovato s th album ? 	0
post edited siri vs . google voice search may the best robot helper win review siri theidoctor	1
so it turns out amazon prime day did turn out a lot like black friday overhyped and not worth the time . bitteroldmantweet	2
delighted with this piece we secured for hawes and curtis . . .	1
are u going to the gotoplesevent in venice beach on sunday ?	0
my saturday night consists of me watching the big bang theory season with cam 	1
september d g will be four in the international city of new york fashion week paris london milan and the two . . .	0
may allah remove the hardships from the muslims in syria allow them to live in peace . sad to see small children . . .	0
yup just rsvp d to see catelynn and tyler from teen mom on thursday . . . noshame	1
i wanna go see sinister friday yo . . ain u t been to the movies in a good min . . i went by myself to see red tails . .	0
i plan on playing in the pro series this friday and saturday . anyone else ? free shot at on both xb and ps !	0
just wanted to say all ppl with different views may not b cowards or have mercy towards yakub .	0
trying to make friday night plans and i m just getting texts from everyone being like yo it s beyonce s bday let s turn up 	1
 chandigarh is the capital of the two states of panjab and haryana . march world meteorological day . march world forestry day .	0
donald trump on kentucky clerk gay marriage is law of the land trump said friday he wishes a kentucky county clerk who refused to . . .	0
 minutes until all of the android fanboys goes squealing for the apple s september th event ! 	1
aladdin looked very happy in the field today and came over to say hi when we rode round the jumps 	1
they don t have the nd episode of ahs on demand so i m gonna watch the st episode again . lmao	1
 akbota today i want to start watching rd season of hannibal download here link removed 	1
vote for ut for college game day visiting . we are th and texas a m is . get on it	1
can it just be tomorrow so i can see in sharknado sharknado ohhellno	0
or do you want to wait for tomorrow so vanessa can hang too ?	0
hahaha shut up cupid ! yeah hopefully it does go good and saturday and every other day !	1
good morning to you martina ! ! i hope your day is great too ! ! is it hot where you are ? it s steaming here in bama !	1
the isba is hosting a professional lunch tomorrow with attorneys from romannucci blandin u c ccsao u c ungaretti harris . check the record !	0
roman abramovich has pulled the plug on a possible january bid for falcao daily star cfc	0
it may be the same as naruto for me i hate the anime but love the game .	0
lamela was shite on saturday and as for kane it s no goals in he scored final day of season against everton remember	0
hey ! lauren clarinet ! would like you all to know about this event hosted by bric ! hey everyone u c so on sunday u c . . .	0
listening to kendrick lamar s black friday and hearing a reference about hours !	1
do mets walk harper if rendon gets bunt down ? is matt williams under the weather ? pap in th facing bottom of order ? left storen out dry	0
ha ha ha . . . jeb bush said he didn t need the base to win and he was going to prove it . but single digit th place in nh may be result	2
she said she was gone stand in line to get my concords in december !	0
don t forget to getintothekilt for floyd mayweather vs andre berto on september th ! we ve got all the action !	0
en plein visionnage de shut up and play the hits ! james murphy est mon dieu . . .	0
no stop please . p .s . total ripoff of another song . i u ll play it for you in yearbook tomorrow . . .oh wait .	1
i like that bellucci is making murray work for it in this rd set ! usopen	1
will rahul gandhi be under oath on th ? what is his real name should be the first question . nationalheraldcase	2
george osborne must be p ing himself . talk about unintended consequences . pmqs will be interesting on wednesday	2
arch zoggie tony blair s fudged apology that he may have been responsible for the rise of is is a carefully calculated manouver on his part	0
how it s already wednesday when it was labor day like yesterday tf bruh life needs to chill .	0
east york vs . leaside friday night lights with and the boys	0
i ll put money on de gea being a real madrid player by the time i wake up tomorrow	0
may god protect and guide our nigerian army in fighting against the boko haram where is ex president gej with his fake army to see .	0
harry redknapp tells espn that rumours he has an interview with blackburn on tuesday are wide of the mark no chance u c i am playing golf ! 	2
january . save the date . get the jargaritas in . it u s a golden globe party . i need to make a drinking game !	0
including his tna title wins sting is a time world champion . beating seth would tie him with cena for nd of all time . raw	1
the new star wars film will be released here a day before the us . the force awakens is out on the th of december .	1
my phone corrected you to thu so instead of i believe in you i said i believe in thursday . thor would be happy with this news .	0
ncs choir concert this thursday night ! ! donny on bass guitar and singing with mixed ensemble . who s going ? ?	1
paid in full u c juice u c the friday movies and atl are classics .	0
congratulations on the st anniversary of msbwy from me and all the fco in peru	1
last saturday ! happy halloween ! ! can someone make me an edit of zayn malik ? thanks in advance . . hi	1
we ve lost hq to wills kate the olympics till mid september . i ll have words . party on boris bikes tho . . .	2
thousands of cosatu members have gathered at the orkney stadium in rustenburg ahead of a march to anglo gold ashanti s offices report	0
some may have called me childish but i now sit with a bag the size of a small child full of halloween candy . winning stillakidatheart	1
will make pcs of cakepops and pcs of chocolate lollies tomorrow aja ! 	1
 music dr . conrad murray to take the stand in michael jackson murder trial jury selection begins this thursday . . .	0
man city up against juventus and sevilla in the championsleague do you think they have a chance ?	0
may nakita akong sos at the vamps shirts ! i want i want i want !	1
 . valentine was the first ptx song that i ever sat down to listen to and it made me emotional and touched my heart and idk why	1
may allah knower from which country as kuwait and bad guys that think power and support israel zionist .their dedication with nasa is revert	2
well had a decent tuesday opening at the box office . will it beat ant man over the weekend ?	0
when you remember iron maiden s bookofsouls album drops this friday . . .	0
go all wednesday adams on us with our gorgeous scalloped collar	1
jan with the new cat at royal u cstar and garter solihull	0
kyle seager hits hit th hr of the season ! it s a run bomb . mariners lead the white sox in the st .	1
wish i could see the foo fighters at wrigley tonight but they put on one of the best shows thursday !	0
tomorrow s starters david price and mike wright . even with a wright on the mound the price is still right . bluejays	1
i see ed sheeran tomorrow and i couldn t be happier . best cure for the soul .	1
coming december th amp december th live on party ! we celebrate the epic th episode of curtis amp craigs . . .	1
check out newsha tavakolian at the saatchi gallery in london . her photos of iran may interest some of you !	0
i have a drive test tomorrow n i hope i get the same instructor that talked about nirvana with me the entire time .	0
dear espn you aren t fooling anyone with your monday night football graphics . . . its thursday . just make tnf graphics . thanks	1
the earliest you can complete your fafsa is january st and our priority deadline is march st . you must fill one out every year !	0
on saturday at pm you can watch sharknado on the german free tv channel tele 	0
ant man is important . no matter how small his role in civil war may actually be he is still there for a reason . don t downplay him .	1
wonder if bukhari thinks the muslim patrols in east london the actions of isil al qaeda and boko haram all muslim may have	2
game of san beda vs letran will be on thursday at the smart araneta coliseum .	0
i think the last timw i went trick or treating was probably in the th grade . i dress up as avril lavigne ! i was obsessed with her back then	0
beyond frustrated with my xbox right now and that as of june doesn t support it . gotta find someone else to fix the drive .	2
pentagon open to more than just blackberry ? ios and android may make an appearance .	0
i can t wait till december and see the swifties smilers and lovatics referencing those december songs d lol	1
just sat through watching twilight for the first time while abby asked questions i kid you not the whole time .	0
 acffiorentina forzaviola fiorentina want to sign chelsea defender in january seriea viola	1
lol yes look on wiki under the th .	0
rt wsoc dispatched nebraska today landed at in a preseason poll check out the action and interviews from today . . .	0
tomorrow is amazon prime day . free day trial to take advantage of all the sales tomorrow .	1
around this time tomorrow i will be standing in the middle of wrigley field waiting for the foo fighters to come on stage !	1
what donald trump said about bobby jindal s debate performance i may want to check his green card .	0
only if they lose the nfc championship like last season . . fucking overtime . we get to redeem ourselves tomorrow though 	2
is it me . . . or is the amazon prime day . . . sucks . i have yet to find a great better than black friday deal ! damn i was excited too !	2
like i know taylor swift is touring and she is quality but surely can give bad blood a rest . th time it s been on today	0
pmb approves amnesty for boko haram ? may it turn out to be rumour !	0
kim kardashian has waited until the th month mark to make a huge announcement about her pregnancy !	0
nigeria beach soccer team have booked a place in the last four of a dubai invitational tournament after they beat japan on thursday .	0
will the pm stand by and watch his colleagues crush the voice of our people ? rahul gandhi	2
did you hear about harper lee s rd novel ? don t forget to put go set a watchman on hold at your library !	1
tomorrow an asian frien is going to cook for us and the we re going to the cinema to see paper towns .	1
 theedencentre get in shape this wednesday with yoga pm pm all levels welcome fitness	0
i u m going to be so lost at cypress tomorrow	2
hope the bbc is mistaken in its forecast for snow on saturday . . .	1
it s a huge concern . .may god bless and protect rahul gandhi . please be safe amp get more security	1
why the fuck does collins have david wright batting nd	2
daily zap okc vs san june nd daily zap okc vs san june nd check tonight u s e . . . wait s u cpressskip ad	0
customers eager to read go set a watchman buy it at midnight york daily record sunday news	0
do you have the colts or bengals this sunday ? we want to know why !	0
my whole family is gonna jam out to calibraska tomorrow in the car calibraskaep	1
a seal may not have been achieved on the proposed international friendly between the super eagles and mena of niger republic .	0
in justin bieber s birthday is on a tuesday the same day years ago . march st on a tuesday .	0
 keepcalm are you ready for the zac brown band this sunday night at spac ?	1
they said they ll try and get jack and jack on the line later today or tomorrow to talk about calibraska !	0
hillary s computer tech to plead the fifth congress may offer a deal the new american	0
ya for sure it u s on th and ost starts at but really not till lol	1
i may get showtime for dexter and cancel after it is over . october nd !	0
it was all about prince george at buckingham palace on wednesday . to celebrate the little royal s second birthday the grenadier guards . . .	0
so cameron has lost telegraph and the sun over refugeecrisis . so who supports him ? do tory right really want drowned children on beaches ?	2
republican candidate carly fiorina tweets that she is ok after getting into an accident with a deer friday .	1
just when we thought comical was the chief clown . big words as explosions at eid prayers . do st ! ! !	1
last saturday u s london children u s book swap went swimmingly ! see pictures here and read about it on the blog . . .	0
happy birthday mom ! nd round of music on the house much love to the calle doce for the gracious hospitali	1
if this is my last tweet i died in a airplane crash if not then i ll be at the red sox game tomorrow .	0
not about that but there ll be many more things you ll get excited about star wars coming out in japan before dec .	1
going to scream and laugh extra loudly tomorrow at disneyland with starli	1
turns out that annointing jeb bush the default establishment candidate may have been premature ? you don t say .	2
gonna watch paper towns for the second time on monday	1
i liked a video ask the king ep . july pt hogan wwe racism google smark guys game	1
news of the day oct michael clarke determined to see australia at . . . via	0
kim kardashian is one stylish mama ! the star of e ! s keeping up with the kardashians announced saturday morning that she has given birth	1
jays price is money against the orioles griffin lefty david price had an opportunity saturday against the o . . .	0
do you own a nissan titan in mesa jim click wants to be your one stop automotive destination . visit us at	0
dana white says if ronda wants an immediate rematch she ll get it . other commitments may take precedence .	0
rafa will play his third round match at the bnp paribas open at indian wells on tuesday against marcel granollers .	0
climbing mount snowdon on sunday for childreninneed with young people from a home . . . .anyone want to sponsor me	1
coffee and friday ! it s a good day !	1
jpmorgan chase posts q profit of us . b new york jpmorgan chase said on tuesday oct it returned to p . . .	0
hot wheels takes over nyc with a fleet of star wars first order stormtrooper vehicles to celebrate force friday	1
brush picks shaker off but then shaker returns the favor picking off brush . still brush in rd quarter .	0
too bad mort zuckerman does not believe in the st amendment nydn website evil	2
wrong . the original ipod unveiling when stevo pulled it out of his pocket at the end is my favourite .	0
im hyperventilating about tomorrow with justin and ellen i dont think im gonna be able to sleep tomorrow i think it gonna be the best bday	1
me colton are supposed to carve one tomorrow ! is it gonna be hard ? !	0
play the multiplayer mode . then pick up and play the rrmastered uncharted for the ps . release date is october i think .	1
kicking off saturday with eric church on austin city limits . free download but expires tonight . definitely x country .	1
you can read the brand new online edition of india legal right here also rahul gandhi view	0
a twilight ceremony will be held tomorrow to remember the victims of the martin place siege	0
taylor may have won against nicki and bey but she did fart on live tv so i think nicki and bey are the real winners	0
the th hole seems to be a good birdie hole . dustin johnson birdies the th his st hole to move to pgachamp	1
stupid update mistake of the night the mariners beat the a s not the white sox . i m the worst . you may now proceed with your sunday .	2
niall is going through mood swings right now so hopefully he s all good by tomorrow night	0
cole amp kendrick need to make that joint album ! fire kendrick lamar amp j . cole black friday	1
remember when th grade shawn strut into the drama club s performance of casey at the bat to this	0
on th anniversary of rabin assassination u c netanyahu calls murder u one of the worst crimes of the new age u 	2
eric church is headlining a festival in raleigh on october amp and i may or may not be the happiest person ever right now	1
but whatever the sun says well most come out true and most media said zayn will leave he did baby rumours are confirmed by louis	0
the new naruto game comes out in february so i already know what i m getting my bf for valentine s day lol	1
saying something dbz related that may seem extraordinary fucks niggas up like it does naruto . no i love that series man	1
the next winner of an hd tv will be drawn friday have you entered the pplhdtv competition yet ? details here 	0
if you don t want to slip up tomorrow speak the truth today . bruce lee	0
my daughter will be on december th ! we r going to see buddy the kirby center in wb on december th . so excited !	1
celts life therealbeckman some day at the theopen today padraig h or paul dunne to do the business tomorrow ! theopen coybig	0
well the pats now have the best dline in the league with hansworth ellis and carter . nd easy is the lions	1
ok that s going to damn far . leave prince george alone and we may still get a pic here or there .keep it up and we get nothing	0
we just got our st review on google be the next ! socent	1
i will be a guest on anthony zepeda s radio show bridging the gap tomorrow night pm est on . . .	0
friday morn edurebelplaylist is all about good riddance by green day . adieu .	0
the beautiful village where i live is having a christmas market over the weekend . . sat twilight market and sunday . . .	1
 repost chris bosh may be ugly . but he has a gorgeous wife and adorbs baby . i want to be happy like them one	1
after seeing tweet about watching the vow u c i think i may need to watch it .	0
doing a show in amsterdam ? would love to see you guys play live soon ! i might be in amsterdam saturday night	1
kindly retweet my last tweet about super eagles coach sunday oliseh . thanks .	1
my boyfriend just took us to watch a film for our th date it s been dinner dinner dinner dinner batman . . . jokes poojokes batman	1
donald trump s tweet is from january th after the charlie hebdo attacks . . . . tweeting for attention on issues like this is a no go	2
its my th birthday and you u re my favorite pats player ! can i get a rt ! ? !	1
bjp doing drama to hide facts u c says minister the government tuesday accused the bharatiya janata party bjp of . . .	2
david price earns th career win the slumping orioles lost for the th time in games . beginning . . . nascar	0
hi everybody it s leanne here ! it s prince george s nd birthday today and i want to know what gift would you . . .	1
i was watching friday rn and ice cube uhh was pretty good looking if you ask me	1
i want january i want teen wolf .	1
marni how are you ? i feel like its been forever . i had my st day back at work today after months off . i m stuffed . xxxx	0
pickin on the grateful dead vol . by pickin on cd jun cmh records 	0
nothing is better on a sunday then sitting with your momma as you both google search david beckham and find the best backgrounds noteasy	1
this tweet was poorly timed . surely they d be hidden . . . rt handy tips for windows that you may not know	2
paul dunne tees off in the final group tomorrow at pm while padraig harrington is off at pm . . .	0
wish the bbc would . wipe the cameras . stop showing paul dunne lining up his shots from the th at the augusta national all day	0
 st debate showed emperor has no clothes . . .wonder how the court jester shoeless joe will do against ryan ? gop	2
i regularly drink thwaites best at the welly on a monday . nectar . in the fox twickers u c utter shite .	0
tomorrow venus crosses the sun and there u s lots more going on much closer to north branford and northford u c too .	0
yeah jeb and you fully support amp trust the germans . germany backs putin iran amp assad .	0
i didn u t see him but i live in california and he came to my city on monday but before my local radio station was giving	2
tomb raider box art revealed square enix released the final box art for tomb raider u c due out march . the art . . .	0
margenthaler really excited about this team . should compete well in northern sun not big ten .	1
 chicago cubs online kris bryant starting in right field kyle schwarber behind the plate for cubs in thursday cubs	0
i think ni as in paris may be the greatest song ever made	1
listening to terrace talk on radio city on a saturday pure brilliance merseyside derby history plus the saints a legend ynwalfc 	1
i like to give out the most critical dreamteam info this early in the morning . . thats when im slept on the most ! lol u c next show ! nov ! !	1
watching old snl episodes from the s w chevy chase u c john belushi u c and dan ackroyd . billy joel is the musical guest . the best lazy sunday .	1
ito black friday kendrick lamar s remix genuinely reminds my why i think he s the goat	0
so what are all of you going to do without tvd until april th !	0
playing jacinto on gears on guardian fer the st time nd its raining wth . .	2
red sox need to factor andrew benintendi into future plans all of the hype in the minors may have been for yo . . .	0
what did you say to tony blair to make him tell you to sit down and stop being bad may i ask ? found it funny is all .	1
is creeping ! rt me justin love ya so excited for the concert in october mexico loves you u inspire me	1
don u t think chelsea should appeal for torres u red card . let sturridge play tomorrow . it u s the carling cup u c not pl .	2
pictures of the day october a playful amazon river dolphin u c usain bolt u s shoes and mick jagger . photography	0
come on murray ! ! anderson hitting the ball like there s no tomorrow	0
so roman reigns and dean ambrose have become the outsiders and they will debut their rd man at night of champions .	0
new hdd and heatsink installed just need a new gpu now tomorrow i ll install by current card temporarily and install windows .	0
revenge of the dreamers comes out this friday . j cole and kendrick collab album comes out in february . truly what a time to be alive	1
drake went in on meek again it s all over ! the only beating worse than this was the one rousey delivered on saturday	0
all of the santa clauses that chuck norris sat on as a child are now paraplegic .	2
ive been listening to gucci since i was in th grade dont know the year lmao amp ive been out of high school for years !	1
buses in the white hart lane high road n area may be subject to diversion delays due to tottenham hotspur match	2
good luck for saturday pal u c can u t wait to see you fight against what i assume will be devon alexander .	1
who will be narendra modi s choice for the post of cabinet secretary ? new delhi oct soon narendr . . . india	0
 k on the feminism of magic mike xxl due on my desk tomorrow .	0
peppermint amp liquorice tea amp scott walker on the player . content wednesday evening downtime	0
i ve got a blog post coming up tomorrow . topic ? it s time to learn once and for all what curtis painter s got . start the man . colts	0
my photos up at photoplus and the olympus booth . come out and say hello ! ill be here till saturday .	0
cant wait to go meet the cast of being human on tuesday . be jealous u c bitches .	1
is there a single word in this gordon brown speech to the city of london that george osborne couldn t have said ?	0
neild to give cofield a break bcus he u s an immovable object . something that the nt should be . c . griffin is only in his th	0
i m gonna be failing dat hst test tomorrow zoe better put her paper where i can see it ! pleaseandthankyou	2
i took my st class charlie hebdo was attacked . i stand up with consistency paris is assaulted . beware if i get a special . merdealamort	2
what a shame about punchestown . unlikely to race at all tomorrow . i had out as well in quevega and lietenant miler ! ! ! 	2
hopefully we play more or less the same team as saturday . . .garner u c ball u c jones u c hooman u c brown u c connolly u c burnell u c keats u c low u c allen canham	1
ppl are saying starlight stage ios will be out on the th bitch where	0
had a dream that i saw nirvana live and kurt cobain sat and split his cigarette with me afterward and told me about life . woke up sad .	0
 happybirthdaykendallschmidt hopefully tomorrow we can also get btronpcas trending ! for big time rush ! btr deserves it !	1
watching this drew peterson movie on lifetime just to spark conversation in miss mapes class tomorrow	0
just hoping tomorrow in indonesia gay people will be accepted amen	1
wrong ! amazing show . won the golden globe in january . sorry son !	1
 st day training taylor swift for her mv bad blood . she was a sweetheart and picked up quick !	1
exact moment things went wrong in iran leading directly to where we are today . kills me every time i read about it	2
rodeo saturday anyone going ?	0
i think that was in luton . it was an edl march . they re obsessed with islam .	0
wwe lost million on the stock market on friday following the hulk hogan racist comments being released to the . . .	0
i u m going to kfc tomorrow so andy the guy boy idk what age he was better be there because he u s like my runaway love	1
just landed in las vegas ! ! ! so excited to start canvassing for obama tomorrow with and getoutthevote	1
 dailydouble reminder ! liam s on a friday night double . get it here gt gt gt 	0
i ve had several problems with amazon prime customer service has been a nightmare especially if your items are from rd party vendor	2
not sure exactly . but looking at previous years days after eid which means it ended on monday .	0
remembering frank gifford your say readers comment on the death of an nfl hall of famer and former monday ni . . .	1
rt kung fu panda in d d both with indonesian subtitles tentatively scheduled to open on tues august isk fb	0
sunday s stage is one for sprinters who will be way down the classification so no threat to maillot jaune .	0
dear taimouraga thank you for contacting . apologies for the late reply . yes the centers were open at the th day of eid .	1
i understand that shinee may have just single handedly saved kpop but really are we gonna try and bash exo ?	0
george harrison louis armstrong and bob marley on the way before this morning how s your wednesday going ? smoothbreakfast	0
i notice niki lauda agrees with my claim that fernando alonso signed for mclaren honda last thursday . interesting	1
im goin to allderdice on friday ! ! seems like it be smackin .	0
and tomorrow is the day that david guetta will come to play at fort canning .	0
i dont know but horan is my bae ? nialler ! x so everybody i will getting married with niall on january xx justkidd .	1
might wanna check on me if we lose tomorrow . . . might pull something similar to that kony guy in the streets	2
i may like jimmy fallon better than anyone i know too . i still hate all of you .	2
saturday flashmob on the music of the runaways in following my tweets you can see what the music is done !	0
hey you . go to the carnival tomorrow	0
from what i think you re asking in no order . future drake thug cole kendrick and tiller a close th	0
i think sean parker is a fuck . he may have a point about it being boring . but the guy is a drug addict idiot that cant hold a job	2
ncp may care muslims bjp care high caste hindus maha gathbhandhan care for low caste hindus !bihar is safe in the hands of these	0
kris bryant just hit his nd homer	0
at more pictures of child abuse flood the web amp it s prince george s nd birthday today .	0
may i suggest boogie wonderland by earth wind amp fire . maybe a little bit of tragedy by the bee gees	0
august th was the day i met mitch . . . i regret not taking a picture with him . fuck . i u ll miss going to ss shows . . . . 	2
i know what you mean . people are always shocked when i say my favourite game was arsenal at villa park in in nd lc replay	0
bayern munich coach jupp heynckes insists his side won t be fazed by the shock loss to leverkusen on sunday 	2
huntsman u s are regulars here . and yesterday we had a blue tongue in the house to get out of the sun for a bit 	1
thx for following econokit you may like to use bizikent hashtag and rt follow other local tweeps as per bizitalk ?	1
just saw jurassic world again for the th time i love this movie and i can t wait to buy it	1
today is national hot dog day . thursday is already on that fufu lame shit i ain t wit it .	0
me and nina pull up to dunkin and she does hey may i have a oreo mcflurry . . . . oh nina	0
erdogan is a pure nutcase we all should ve seen this a coming kick turkey out of nato . may god bless the people of kurdistan	2
gonna be a long day for dustin johnson . . . starts the final round of the pgachampionship with a quadruple bogey on the st hole .	0
i m going to the white sox game on labor day . pm start . free tshirt monday ! ! !	1
wise words of kristin chenoweth knowing when to leave may be the smartest thing you u ll ever learn	1
yougov tonight shows labour lead . so headlines tomorrow crisis for cameron as labour pulls ahead or perhaps not .	0
make my heart sing like shawn by rting this	1
sunday s matches certainly more than made up for all the excitement that saturday sputtered through beginning with the merseyside derby .	1
prince george playing in his magical playground may be the cutest thing we can ever imagine	1
aldo mcgregor rousey eyed for cowboys stadium on december via she s best female fighter	0
eddie rosario connected for a grand slam in the third inning of thursday afternoon s loss to the white sox .	0
presented summation of costs that may be associated w building wall on the southern border . way less than jeb bush stated	0
mahiro may be my bias for kiryu . . .but hiyori is definitely the cutest when he looks like this . nikki	1
mcilroy keeps a steady hand during the honda classic second round golf channel via	1
i want to go see janet jackson sooo bad when she comes to minneapolis in november !	0
in the name of god i pray for peace to all muslims jews christians world peoples . may all praise and glory be to god forever !	1
excited for halloween tomorrow i am going to be jake from state farm	1
paul dunne is awesome hole s the same size tomorrow amp the ball always does what you tell it are my new favourite golfing catchphrases	1
nfl update jerricho cotchery is in negotiations with the pittsburgh steelers expected to take a physical today ravens also interested .	1
come out and join us for the sia trek or treat u c october th ! it u s a fundraiser for the safe house !	0
shopping for the winter and it s just may . kanye west for president 	1
it wasn t pretty but kris bryant throws to rizzo st to get hunter pence to end the th the score remains cubs giants 	0
trick or treat wants georgia voters to forget she s a democrat and sam nunn s daughter until after halloween oops nov 	2
welcome to andy u s how may i help you	1
same here u c lol ! hey u c atleast we can look forward to theri performance on the th at people u s choice awards !	1
indeed hopefully kane s england success gives his season kick start it needed . points absolutely vital on sunday nothing less .	0
yesterday we shocked ireland at the last moment . . .by taking a game away from them . . . today we should better . . .	1
playing star wars monopoly listening the star wars imperial march best mood ever	1
as prince george turns two europe marks other royal birthdays while the second birthday of prince george may . . .	1
i just want to go the alonso game tomorrow . robinson is lame and its a shame	2
packing a punch janet jackson released the album artwork for her upcoming eleventh album unbreakable on thursday	1
last time i hit so hard so glad sam smith was with me . now for the nd time i fell amp weeped so swerte coz jessie ware was crying with me	0
 st song of my day know better frank ocean not my normal shit but it s a good song	1
kapal laut opens a new shop at rd floor beachwalk bali u c the heart of tourism in bali .	0
norv turner calls a play action pass on st goal at the half yard line u c rivers throws a pick . chargers	0
like c mon kpop fans vote almost everyday for every music shows award shows at the end of the year different polls . we live by voting	0
good morning everyone how are you ? i love the teen wolf cast so damn much and tomorrow isnt moonday	1
re what did you do to your bike today ? heat finally broke here in nebraska this am . it was a nice degrees . . .	1
open lobby was fun today . . . hopefully it u ll be cool tomorrow too .	1
you can thank me now for an entertaining game next monday night for the steelers since you u re playing the chiefs	1
i write a letter for you at the meet on april milan 	1
hitting the night life with lady gaga hustlehard	1
my eyes ! my eyes ! kim kardashian s wedding dress is on the tele . how does someone make givenchy look so cheap amp bad ? sunday hilarious !	2
on this day in history july bobdylan release like a rolling stone 	0
plays terrific tb amp wins it with big off fh winner . murray with plenty of work to do now as sun goes down .	0
dana white to holly holm ronda rousey is your next opponent knows the time isn t now meaning july . common sense	0
ha rt start of nfl preseason tonight marks the beginning of the raiders season and the end of raiders postseason hopes .	0
who is kim davis ? don t you fucking retards know that tom brady is playing football tomorrow and is most likely getting laid right now .	2
dear santa for christmas may i have . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .one lunatic fringe named dean ambrose ? ! thank you very much !	1
always a good time with sharknado and twitter . plays again saturday at 	1
i know i m an asshole for what i m about to say but i truly feel this way . i hope tom brady has a season ending inury within the st games	2
flame video shoot thursday yes it s going to worldstarhiphop	1
should ve bought the pink minnie mouse ears when we went to disney world . they would ve been perfect for tomorrow .	1
sanders dnc responsibe for data breach little debbie s st alliegance is to israel nd to hils amp the dem . party .	0
colts game tomorrow with drew budd !	1
john kasich is such a weener . he s got about as much chance of winning as i do kissing the pope s ass in sept . politics presidentialrace	2
hillary gets emotional over talking about her mother tomorrow morningjoe will call her a fake .	2
all christians and patriots may have to walk out the doors if employed where we can t exercise our constitutional rights !	0
ur bank ? think maria may have something to say about that lol	0
so tease a secret rd person to join dean ambrose amp roman reigns to take on wyatt family then tweet a pic of em with baron corbin ! ! !	0
in study mode . . . cramming to the max for this midterm tomorrow . t minus hours til exam .	0
bucks backcourt mates brandon jennings and monta ellis had a little brother big brother talk on sunday u c as jennings described it .	0
our coverage of garner vs . athens drive beings tomorrow night at on hope you u ll join us !	0
and thus ended scott walker s run . don t try to out trump the donald .	2
israel no comment . stick it where the sun doesn t shine 	0
it was built to lure another team . i think the mariners giants and white sox were the three that came closest .	0
iron maiden remember tomorrow via tune for the day old school iron maiden	0
i think i ll do a niall spam now but that will be the last one for tonight i ll continue with liam and zayn tomorrow emabiggestfans d	1
guys u c when liam comes on tomorrow . please spam him to follow it would make her smile . she deserves it . please . i u m beggin you .	1
buzzin to see santino u c zack ryder u c aj and layla turn the lights on at braehead tuesday hahaha woowoowoo	1
because i went to my st match when i was ? my last match was the carling cup final . ddliverpool	0
laker fans should take it as a sign that they got beat by the sacramento kings twice in the preaseason . . .and their starters played the th	2
the gop s greatest crime ? boehner proposes obama speech be on the same night as nfl opening night . . .	2
 heraldhauntscong law is equal for all may it be sonia gandhi or rahul gandhi	0
 my pain may be the reason for somebody u s laugh u c but my laugh must never be the reason for somebody u s pain . 	0
hmm if this friday is the then it s away at seaholm . next home is hc 	2
kuala lumpur the long haul arm of budget carrier airasia said monday it would suspend operations to iran cit . . .	0
sam smith i m not the only one jun sung ahn violin cover via	0
okay it u s late . . . going off will send jennette tomorrow more names good night 	1
where could the il divo guys be performing tomorrow night ? tell us where you think they are	0
gayathri kumar . have you seen these handsome katy perry images ? you may wonder 	1
can t wait for golf tomorrow group psyche rocking out in the rd group . i m worse than the new tiger woods	1
anyone wanna go to a gillie da kid concert sept th ? young savage and haddy are gonna be killin it too	1
tomorrow night everybody gone be that chris brown picture on ig that says i don t want to go there because school the next day lol	1
it s july and there is still no news of the new frank ocean album	2
thursday is my favorite holiday of the year . . . national hot dog day ! ! ! ! ! ! !	1
 ufc in houston but waiting for to make mcgregor vs aldo rousey vs tate december th in dallas official	0
i am so tempted to book miami right now in january for my birthday and february for the lakers vs heat game ! dare me ? double dog dare me ?	1
well it is the rd straight crappy week of big brother . can we just skip ahead to the buy back competition ?	2
he was honest with welbeck he was our th choice striker neither one to blame its good for all he left	1
they should just say fuck chris tucker and make another friday with ice cube s son and dc young fly	0
want dunkin tomorrow morning ?	0
i want to have a friday night like katy perry s song last friday night	1
lucas scott u c c u mon ! why u d you die your hair ! ?	2
going shopping for little miss parks tomorrow u c like she need anything else ! spoiled	0
so many shows in the near future metafest u c royal teeth u c m u c white arrows u c grouplove u c sweetteapumpkinpie music fest and taking back sunday .	0
naruto of course . i m on like my th damn time watching sao it s just soooo damn good	1
you can always meet them on the friday shakedown as nicki said that d be better so it probably will be for the others ! 	1
holy cow ! ! ! rumours that gypsy is coming back with imelda staunton as rose no less ! ! ! ! ! i think i may have just got over excited . . .	1
wow amp flutter pays tribute to ikey owens mark bell lfo and jan hooks tonight . also living people . pt .	1
will the dana white interview be up tuesday ?	0
anderson silva better fuck up yushin okami tonight .	1
i hope i get my ipad tomorrow so i can stream the apple keynote address in school	1
it s august and frank ocean still hasn t dropped an album	2
big monday was big dud ! in the words of marty robbins too old for you youngsters but often covered by grateful dead el paso ! lad best ?	0
and you say derrick rose isn t good because of the acl but dwight howard is the rd best player in the league coming off major back surgery ?	2
if it ain t broke don t fix it why move kris bryant up to rd when he s hitting as good as he has all season at 	0
hi there i have question i want to purchase the real madrid rd kit can you guys add the champions league patches	0
donald trump pledges forgo a rd party run . while chris christie pledges never run let alone jog as he sometimes forgets his nebulizer .	0
tiger woods season came to an abrupt end on sunday read the story gt gt gt 	2
 . so are you arguing that congress can t prohibit islam but can prohibit atheism because atheism isn t protected by the st amend ?	0
you would think tony blair more than most would understand the consequences of a poorly thought out intervention 	0
entered the cape argus pick n pay bike tour . happening in march . in capetown . that gets a woot !	0
throw back thursday to demi lovato . anything is possible if you just believe . throwbackthursday	1
how about the gettin some recognition the lions play on monday night football 	0
tomorrow practice what time ? cuz i hv to go to mysa s hse to make thhe notebooks . . .	0
quite a gift with words that especially in today s live blog feat . former uk pm tony blair 	1
tomorrow is the big day ! discount prices on botox and juvederm ! call and make an appointment ! botox juvederm madison	1
home run josh hamilton ! ! ! rangers get on the board first lead in the bottom of the th letsgorangers	1
e l james is going to be appearing on the katie show in the us on monday . the show are running a poll as to who . . .	0
see you guys will go on the defense when the sun says anything about d but they say something about zayn ya ll believe in a heartbeat wtf	0
according to the radio u c rihanna u s birthday cake is the official th of july anthem . sounds about right .	0
think i u m gonna have to have a maccyd breakfast on the ways to spurs tomorrow 	1
join me tomorrow night thurs . at lexus of santa fe at pm to find out how you too can own or lease a free . . .	1
do you have a store in singapore to buy moto g rd generation phone ?	0
islam may be going through its hundred years war . hope it doesn t last years .	2
hopefully going to the seton hall fall exposure showcase october th with my boy mike d .	1
gunna snow . wc says winter storm watch till pm tomorrow . . it was f yesterday	0
just two days to go until the publishing event of the decade ! go set a watchman is out on tuesday and you can . . .	1
is history just something which tony blair invents as he sees fit ? amazing .	2
was supposed to announce . . rahul dravid it is . . the great wall in our studio tomorrow . . add to that sourav and nasser . .	0
backstage update on undertaker may miss wrestlemania the unthinkable in the wwe may be coming to fruition if . . .	0
aww yiss and i are going to look at pretty tattooed boys at nekromantix tomorrow !	1
prince george turns years old on wednesday and while many people would assume he ll be sho . . . hollywooddivas	0
amy schumer sat down with the hollywood reporter and opened up about the sexist remarks and unnecessary criticism she s faced since	2
 classic ! friday oct th ! ! ! ! the alumni will be rocking philly ! ! ! ! ! free show the liacouras center pm classic hip hop !	1
bad blood was playing as i entered bullwinkles for the first time last night and i may have had an out of body experience ? ?	0
bill cosby live at the winspear opera house on june th ! billcosby	0
wkd wednesday tonight u c throwdownthursdays tomorrow night swag vs class saturday night at st david u s cc all staring yours truely	0
kevin rudd talks about pm betrayal updated u c sunday oct u c senior labor mps are again batting divided . . .	2
ay you gone release the hotelcalifornia in feb like you did with careless world ?	0
family guy is on some other crap tonight .	2
i think so ill bring it on monday is it the adidas	0
i had such a great time tonight that i u ve decided to keep celebrating ! join me at volare this wed and thurs ! bring your food donation !	1
going to healthy kids day cover the kids . . . at boys girls club teichert branch on sat u c nov 	0
so lucky that i u m off college tuesday u c wednesday and thursday next week when i u m going watching evanescence on tuesday night d	1
so jealous ! i would prefer the heat rather than the cold here in stinky nz ! lol did william tell you we ain u t going sa in jan ?	2
thinking about watching the afl rising stars game sat . anyone know if they have posted the rosters yet ? azfl	0
soooo i m going to venice beach tomorrow . . . . hopefully i run into haha	1
listen . i have ice cube my money the st time . cyss gon watch bootlegs till i die my nigga .	1
well i think rowena kent s new man gets the warners thumbs up ! ! lets see what your made of tomorrow night richard . . .	1
 bluejays mark buehrle will have his next start pushed back an additional day until monday against the red sox .	0
who got that new batman dvd and trying to let me hold it till april	0
someone be sure to tell george clooney to keep the andrea gail at the dock tomorrow . read	0
now that google isn t compulsory still is but won t soon then i may give it a go !	1
it s wedding wednesday ! today on the blog we are sharing a gorgeous gladstone hotel wedding .	1
the milwaukee brewers played well today and ryan braun is able to hit his th home run and he did a fantastic job today .	1
why wouldn t tim byrdak start the th with a heavy lefty lineup ? makes no sense . shows with the homer . mets	2
are you still giving away tickets to see justin on thursday ?	1
why are people looking forward to foo fighters tomorrow and not the fact it s my birthday ?	0
american horror story tonight denver tomorrow .	0
i know it s old but the beatles jay z danger mouse c mon . . . classic mix . . .	1
heavy morning traffic on the brooklyn bridge at am . i just want to say . . . i love new york city .	1
 kca votejkt id carolemc happy nd birthday to prince george the wee dote	1
celebrity juice is the highlight of my thursday night . . keith lemmon is hilarious hahaha	1
murray amp konta aim for last eight britons andy murray and johanna konta will be in fourth round action at the us open on monday night .	0
is it just me are does anyone else notice we have a muslim president and islam is on the march thru out the world . chistians voted for obama	0
tech news apple software u c retail chiefs out in overhaul apple inc ceo tim cook on monday replaced the heads of it . . .	0
bless ya i had a poster presentation yesterday . i like fancy dress too coming out to newcastle pub crawl with us next tues ?	1
i m loving all these quotes from the cry baby royals about thor s st pitch to escobar . if i m matz i m doing the same thing saturday .	1
evening standard manchester united amp s wayne rooney and chelsea amp s john terry make harry . . . thfc	0
may she rest in peace stay strong kakek lee soo man	1
sundays vlog is processing monday s is exporting . . . you know for having to do it all on a ipad is say i m doing pretty good .	1
imo with gagner as you develop depth u c would slot nice as a rd centre .	1
akon will be in prince george sept . the civic centre i m going for that . tickets on sale friday .	1
i have ed sheeran tickets on sale for his concert on thursday houston . i know it s super last minute but if anyone is interested dm me .	1
justin bieber is st nd and th in the uk top i m not listening to the radio for a couple of months	2
well you may have noticed that bernie sanders doesn t slander other politicians . he s never ran a negative campaign . 	1
heading to putrajaya u c may allah bless along the way !	1
why do people have a problem with the christ in christmas but not the thor in thursday ?	0
transferring game data on xbox one and ps this may take a while destiny takenking notice the gjallarhorn	0
bored w . rousey now she might b fightin tate a rd time already ronda is uconn of ufc women not her fault but no competition	0
i liked a video john cena lectures nikki bella about the laundry hampers total divas december 	1
does anyone want tickets to the kenny chesney jason aldean concert on saturday ? good seats and very reasonable price	1
newly acquired lhp david price fired eight innings of one run ball monday in the bluejays defeat of the twins . mlb	0
paul dunne a is after just two holes and has fallen back and is t th theopen 	0
 straightouttacompton director f . gary gray living in hotel working in music linking up with ice cube for friday 	1
ed sheeran was our wedding song in april . we d love to see him from the floor tonight ! livebright	1
rolling stone says van morrison s astral weeks is the th greatest album . should be . happy th birthday van . .	0
 itfc last season millwall started with win at bristol city . nd match you ve got it hull city at home !omen ! lions won that one .	1
run the jewels and kendrick took and . with modest mouse in rd . bit of a genre shift there . . .	0
not that i normally retweet justin bieber but this time i thought it may be worth it . merry christmas everyone .	1
be sure to attend the gcs career exploration fair on november th u c from pm u c at the greensboro coliseum special . . .	0
i love giving out halloween candy and seeing happy neighborhood kids even if it is nov . sandy	1
uefa to study the case tomorrow and make a decision . both real madrid and manchester united want the deal completed . degeamisseddeadline	0
watch nicki minaj call miley cyrus ab tch onstage at the vmas nicki minaj may have made up with taylor swift . . .	0
sorry mom i can t go to school tomorrow i need time to cope with nicki killing miley	0
rt gandhi protested for years never one resorting to violence or theft . people today make me sick londonriots	2
the vile penny pinching tories shame us all david cameron s limp action on refugees puts britain outside the eu	2
in sha allah this sunday and will be at the eid in the park in glasgow . promoting the fantastic work of	1
going to the mall tomorrow to get some xbox live for tuesday and maybe some edo u s . i wish i could have that stuff all day mmm	1
playing with fluke tomorrow night in the sailors return . weymouth . live gig .	0
my two west stand lower season tickets for the albion are available tomorrow night versus leeds . let me know if . . .	0
i m seeing ed sheeran on tuesday im going to cry	1
kerry collins may look like an old mouse . . . and hold on to the ball like one . . . but is a curtis painter experiment really that much better ?	1
uconn confirms p .m . press conference tomorrow at gampel to discuss future of the men u s basketball program . 	0
boko haram member mahamat moustapha a nigerian alleged to have been the mastermind of the june suicide attack in . . .	2
yes u c yes u c but what you see in the finder is file directory data that points to your actual files . the file may still exist .	0
beep beep . . . ! yep murray and federer into the top . phew ! see you tomorrow !	1
just turned on my and got the ronettes followed by ac dc . i just might survive thursday if this keeps up .	1
thank goodness it s friday ! tgif now it s time to escape to riverwalk place ! one night stay in a luxury suite . . .	1
bring boko haram prisoners to the se suspend nd niger bridge invade akwa ibom suspend federal character let southerners defend you	2
nice ! disagreement ! of course he sat down with boehner only thi 	1
on october th u c the new judge in the george zimmerman trial u c ruled that trayvon social media interactions would . . .	0
miss last friday s soundboard on we talked mcintire park stonefield more with	0
 st video without zayn . . .we have to break the record and show others that d is stronger as nd not a flop ! dragmedownmusicvideoisout	0
trying to think what i m gonna do when i see paul mccartney on friday and so far it s either cry or faint or both	1
aug woodstock day santana grateful dead ccr janis joplin . the who see the movie	1
social media week is right now ! can you tell i u m excited ? smwvan i u ll be at the event tomorrow u c see you there !	1
saw ant man tonight with friends . my rd time . fun .	1
you are going to go with me and maddie to see breaking dawn part ii friday the th at midnight okaaaay !	0
january s baby miss heart of the usa calendar queen enjoying ice cream on national ice cream day over the weekend !	1
we can take the big bucket to the million man march . that s a million dollars . you know biggie smalls he gone drink two at least !	1
rt have you heard about the epic new sci fi adventure terra nova coming our way ? here s the st trailer feats dinosaurs . . .	0
august is hot for albums . watch the throne . red album and tha carter iv . toomuch	0
do you remember that time chris farley interviewed paul mccartney on snl ? that was pretty cool .	1
jan th ends ahshotel that means that lady gaga will be focused and start the new era with the new album .	0
it s our undergraduate open day tomorrow ! come and see everything dmu and the faculty of tech have to offer . more info 	0
ffs . . .glad i don u t read the sun u c lol . .great minds and all that . . .haha ps he has a point tho . sky is the limit hh	1
i u m on the last episodes for the th time . i still want to bootfuck phil johnny sac every time they talk .	2
review motorola s moto g rd generation is about user experience business tech	0
one for your diary . we have reindeer s coming to the garden centre on saturday the th of december 	0
 maybe it s partly because tory doesn t know what comes after september th .	2
plus side jiujitsu practice was fantastic today . also there s a chance i ll attend the judo competition class tomorrow . coolbeans	1
oliseh drops mikel obi victor moses from africa cup of nations qualifier head coach of the super eagles sun . . .	0
i can listen to the whole ed sheeran album from th st song to the last without skipping any song	1
i know it s just your opinion but without stewart may never have won the match and john cena would ve made history	0
watch even tho that was nicki responding miley putting her on blast st the media will make it out like nicki picking a fight .	0
i think imma just go tomorrow cus iona feel like being bothers at all !	0
for those not at cedar point on the th be at hallowfreakend american legion grandriver ave farmington hills 	0
remember that all policy ideas need to be submitted by tomorrow for the policy meeting on saturday at the morris hall shrews 	0
tuesday s reader is out alzheimer s before dwarfing stonehenge a more human hillary and the value of college .	0
lady gaga s housewives intro makes the trans proud they may say i m a woman but underneath i m all men 	1
meanwhile the amateur paul dunne has had an epic stroke collapse on the final day of the britishopen . from share of lead to tied for th	2
goal level zlatan k by friday ? posting every other day dsgs vine by	0
i just bought my ps so i will be by november i may buy aw for it till then cause i am not used to the controller . we ll see .	0
it s b c of me . i saw twilight the st weekend . didn t see star wars 	1
the earth festival has officially started ! sage is burning and the sun seems to be shinning beautifully for us !	1
lee mason has been dropped by united for saturday u s fixture against arsenal . looks like howard webb has been brought back into the team .	0
happy thursday and happy national hot dog day everyone ! ! what a better way to celebrate national hot dog day then . . .	1
george lincoln rockwell was one of the st to recognize that conservatives like buckley goldwater amp reagan were cucks for israel .	2
the undertaker is gonna tombstone the shit out of brock lesnar on sunday .	0
crazy how sports economics have changed . larry bird u s rookie deal was yrs u c . m total . th pick damian lillard will make m this yr .	0
ico and shadow of the colossus for ps . may as well . buildingthelist	1
i ll contact you guys on friday aka payday looks like i m saving from t mobile already	1
twilight yes you may lays down on her couch 	1
come join us at the walmart i love my car event this friday and saturday in pico rivera ! games and give aways for the whole family .	1
paper towns is even better the rd time	1
well twilight is out of the wash . in her original colours no longer dampened by dirt . days of sun drying ahead .	1
will be performing tomorrow ! ! i just can t wait ! ! are you excited too angels ? kpop is in the house welcome to india lt 	1
jay paterno u c former penn state assistant football coach and son of joe paterno u c said sunday night that he was at an event when a . . .	0
tudou merger may be in jeopardy report says bloomberg notes see the rest of the story he . . .	2
wheww i leave ohio june rd i don t even want to think about leaving	2
the home garden show with ken brown live from menne nursery sat sept am . listen to wben am and call in with your questions .	0
a .b .o .d parade past ardoyne shops on sat . if we cum down on boris bikes will the shinners be o .k ? lol	1
final thought at some point kanye west sat down his wife kim kardashian and said he wanted to run for president . what a time to be alive . . .	0
we will be at the ma rural water u s trifecta on sept demonstrating utility cloud and presenting on cloud technologies . see you there !	1
no kidding saudi arabia s coalition against terrorists may not be what it seems	0
in one weeks time i managed to binge watch the entire th season of gilmore girls and write my stress management plan paper multitasker	0
ant man edge of tomorrow inside out inglourious basterds and obvious child my favourite of the week myweekinmovies	1
dustin johnson drains a long putt to take the lead . eh let me know when he does that late on a sunday in a major . pgachampionship	0
you are exceptionally ill equipped to recognise parodies of rss propaganda that said all muslims may not b terrorists . . . 	2
my little brother just told me that they re watching annabelle tomorrow but i told him that i already watched it	0
last day at dunkin tomorrow !	1
luis enrique looks set for a defeat if he calls messi and mascherano for training straight on friday just one day before the game	0
dana gets two false starts called on them trying to punt u c rd one gets returned to their . laguna hills scores with sec left u c up 	2
i caught up on ahs i m a have to do scandal and how to get away with murder tomorrow	0
fulton horse sale is on friday ! welcome to valentine to all the buyers !	1
tomorrow k and i are going to see paper towns !	0
march the entire rose parade in wooden shoes ? the moc floyd valley pride of the dutchmen high school orange . . .	0
 review phillies mets b o phillies challenged play at st call on the field was overturned david wright grounds out . . . 	1
janet jackson new album out oct nd multiple sources confirm that during an interview with donnie . . . read more !	0
negative ! u s would be the poetic justice look or how they dressed in friday .	2
lose yourself in the magic of christmas during our twilight visits from to dec	0
she may be trans but she has million to wipe away her tears from being discriminated against . i feel no sympathy for caitlyn jenner .	2
daylight savings ends saturday so that s where the extra hour is coming from . follow for more details . toonami	0
franzen i will bring back the dinosaurs so i may study them . editor how about you watch jurassic park ? franzen okay ! ! failedfranzenplans	1
amazon prime day disappoints some shoppers amazon prime day promised hours with more deals than black fri . . .	2
the royals are the nd team ever to play the two black and orange teams in consecutive series pirates tdsportsfact giants royals	0
been on repeat all day sam smith for the win ! musicflow tuesday	1
i u m going to blockbuster tomorrow to get devil inside if that u s okay ? ? 	0
apparently angela merkel will step down as german chancellor tomorrow to pave way for the first non german chancellor lord bendtner .	0
jessica is not going to come back to ot as sad as that may be you have to understand that .	2
just saying briana got pregnant when she had a bf in march april and louis and eleanor had just broken up isn t that just fishy	2
awesome episode of big brother ! i m totally team . . may ? cleg ? love it . bbscandal	1
do you want to win a free pair of tickets to see kenny chesney and jason aldean this saturday night ? ! ? ! come to . . .	0
nope . still half asleep . more dancing . seems like a madonna sort of monday so on with a bonus song of the day 	0
i ll never forget you getting in an argument over kendrick s black on black crime stuff in the club on a friday night	2
 radio s juice now playing walkin on the sun smash mouth apps apple google	0
rui en u c hahaha . then nd female lead is wang xinru . but the main person in the show is xiaogui bahs .	0
april i are having dinner in jacksonville tomorrow night with milford the future mrs . milford ! sebringlsa 	0
viola davis in a black white max mara dress at the th annual fashion group international night of stars	0
recognizes most top religions christianity buddhism judaism but fails to recognizes the nd largest religion in the world islam	2
i m going to the zac brown band concert on saturday and the yankee game on sunday ! should be great	1
can t believe teen wolf is coming back in january . i want to watch it now .	1
the u .s . says the boko haram sect in north east nigeria may have benefitted from money gotten from crude oil theft	0
pissed off with cable tv for taking away the cw network . now i can t watch wwe saturday morning show vampire diaries etc ! this ruined me .	2
seth rollins to start the show for the nd straight week ! raw	0
 josh hamilton appeared on saturday at the th place in the top of united states s trends trndnl	0
football our desire for quick fix results is to blame . give me the real madrid shirt .	0
 metro news reborn parma kick off with win in fourth division milan sept reuters parma kicked out o . . .	0
so the . for ios will be out tomorrow correct ? ?	0
 afc preview followed by live coverage of saturday u s game between man utd and arsenal in the premier league .	0
nashville had their big night tonight on national tv . tomorrow we celebrate texas oklahoma and kansas on the . . .	1
pittsburgh reuters vice president joe biden on monday gave a glimpse of what a biden race for the democratic presidential nomination	0
want to be a part of the audience ? register to attend ibm san francisco smartcamp september or the ibm . . .	0
bilbao flights booked ! exciting times cant wait for a weekend with little beth and javi ! roll on november th 	1
 august taylor swift accepting her award for blank space with the bad blood squad at the mtv vma red carpet	0
corbyn may be polling ahead but what about the shy tory vote ? i think burnham may win . moderate left is not as radicalised .	0
rt matt trey on minutes tomorrow . i haven t been this excited for a segment since andy rooney learned about cordles . . .	1
justin bieber may have had the better album but talent wise his got nothing on chris .	0
the boys are hot ! ! streakin big win tonight let u s do er again tomorrow ! keepitrollin	1
sitting next to yr olds at northpark talking about whether they want a mercedes or lexus for their th bday wow the struggle is so real	0
rahul gandhi there is nothing mysterious about backops amp i am open to talking about it through proper channels	0
twice before the th red sox bunt with runners on st and nd an nobody out . take note gibbons or the postseason will eat your lunch	0
why doesnt sony promote st party games ? ac commercials are on tv all the time . and no one cont 	2
try as hard as you may you are going to walk in the flesh at times amp sin . christians at best are people and people at best are sinners . 	0
school s out it s saturday urbn put the text books away cos school s out it s saturday ! let the good tim . . .	1
download fast ipad hd video player guide do you have to shy away from looking to be whipped ? you may not see at . . .	2
free guided hike of the tortolitas on saturday at a .m . meet at the wild burro trailhead on the ritz carlton grounds in marana .	0
bharatiya janata party bjp national vice president gopinath munde on sunday refuted rumours that he was going to join the congress .	2
when niall and i date i ll take them three out for dinner on the th and i ll just take them out once instead of three times	0
done with ahs till wednesday amp finished inside amy schumer now what ?	0
anyone wanna go see some of the members from grateful dead and john mayer on december tg	1
shiiiiit my sats is on saturday . i m going to fail . c	2
queen mary tomorrow night with the crew . rolling deeeeeep ! ditching class so i can shake my ass x lol	1
levi and elle playing lego while i m just sat drinkig tea mwhahaha	1
this weekend time warner cable sports channel will be broadcasting friday night the class aa semifinal schenectady at shaker .	0
spreading the word about our newest twilight market at the th ave street fair !	1
i want to go see paper towns tomorrow .	1
nice call what else do you got ? clint barton well thor s taking on a squadron down on th . and he didn t invite me .	0
i m telling you if bernie sanders picked kanye as his running mate right now he would win the election tomorrow but no one listens to me	0
british aaron rodgers may be the best celebrity lookalike out there .	1
q . trent richardson rushed right to the cleveland for yard . rd .	0
it will be good for hoop so get ready dec . u kno we will c lakers vs heat	1
john kasich should feel proud of his performance at the gopdebate thursday night . he looked more presidential than the rest of the field .	1
today is a good day . friday before a day weekend and there s a new iron maiden record out today . already downloaded and about to listen . . .	1
kendrick lamar s black friday still gives me chills every time i listen to it	1
tiger memon yakub it s your birthday on jul so what s the plan ? yakubmemon nothing just hanging around ! ! politicsoverterror	0
i think msft might ve finally got it with windows . . .or at least may be getting closer it ain t mad me mad yet lol	1
scott walker brags he treated teachers as harshly as he ll treat isis . now he s trying to destroy wisconsin farmers	2
kendrick we love you in arkansas .hope you success where ever you life may go .i hope it leads back toar . but if not u go get it	1
i should drive up to orono tonight or tomorrow night	0
i may need to get tweetbot for my ipod just for the mute function .	0
had such a great time lastnight at the pipa nd year solos fantastic to see new talent on stage d	1
so ready for the act tomorrow	1
 chessbaron news jonathan rowson reviews the art of chess on sunday the participants of the london grand prix can . . .	0
according to the official website of msg brock lesnar will be at the wwe live event on oct rd in nyc ny .	0
listen fyf is saturday . if the album isn t released or addressed at least by then . . .it s over folks ! frank ocean isn t thinkin bout you	2
red bull will be the drink of choice after work tomorrow	1
san miguel escapes with a win over the singapore slingers . beermen now has a record to remain in st abl	0
 stluciemets honoring the late gary carter this thurs in game vs lakeland . carter u s family u c hojo will be in attendance . mets	0
wish you happy holi march noel gallagher surprises diners at . . . information about science tec . . . asematy	1
this time tomorrow i ll be waiting for the foo fighters to grace the stage with foofighters royalblood	1
eight bookings for west ham ? eight ! that whirring sound you hear may be the late bobby moore etc etc . . .	0
want me to bring u dunkin tomorrow	0
going to the fair for a little bit with the familia but somebody seriously needs to come to the fair w . me tomorrow . .	0
wow that is some real hallucinogenic shit u r smokin der man ! careful it may cause u kill yourself amp not jst fry yur brain	0
do you like data ? are you in bangalore ? india ? well come and chat with me and at matteo on church st tomorrow at pm . datameet	0
 how many continents was the challenge filmed on ? ? okay u c what did you fail nd grade ?	2
in honour of zac brown band tomorrow i will listen to every one of their songs from now until the concert	1
first we got doniya and now trisha . i m waiting for zayn with waliyha and yasser so i can fly my ass to thee sun .	0
wins rd set to get back into the match but still leads murray has won times from sets down .	0
boom ! a ryan braun grand slam puts the brewers up in the bottom of the th ! milvsphi	1
so when i m in your neighborhood you better duck . cause ice cube is crazy as a family sitcom . straightouttacompton	0
kobe bryant is better than the th best player . i would say about th	1
tommy new friends from italy france and saudi arabia tonight fgarcia	1
we may just have the next tiger woods right here in ghana ! marvels mini golf junior tournament will be happening on the th of september !	1
bea s album tonight and then calibraska tomorrow yall know who s gonna get turnt tf up notanapology calibraksaep	0
can an xbox one user earn a year ps exclusive weapon before the th ?	1
alan pardew comparing colloccini to bobby moore is like comparing wanking to sex u c everybody knows that the nd choices are x better	1
star wars day ! may the force be with you . studio movie grill	1
morgan state calls timeout . its dsu u c morgan state with left in the th quarter . morgan state is going for th down at the dsu 	0
brock lesnar really about to kill the undertaker sunday	0
master liam u s bday party ! this saturday on the dr susan block show ! join us live in studio by rsvp here 	0
to the cool kids of lcc ! halloween party tomorrow ! g ? 	1
i pray that one day you die in hell . along side capitalist pigs like kim kardashian amp justin bieber . may stalin smite you .	2
new game album blood moon year of the wolf drops tomorrow .	0
this sunday new york giants are going down . steelers	2
im so tired that zulu is the st word that pops in my mind	2
good article and good point about sakho . he could be sat here now in the same situation as kane with people starting to doubt .	2
photos rihanna crowned carnaval queen pop superstar visited the greystone manor supperclub wednesday night and was . . .	0
invisible children is at my school tomorrow to talk about joseph kony . you kind of lost your credibility when your leader ran around naked .	2
the nigerian army on wednesday released detainees after certifying that they had no link with the boko haram terrorists group in borno .	1
it was on thurs it was a last minute secret show at club bahia . it was so dope ! hannibal and donnell rawlings came thru	1
as he stared at his monitor the decision to puchase amazon prime was suddenly an easy one for steve sarkisian	1
sangam university bhilwara salutes nobel laureates united nations international day of the girl child oct 	1
watched sharknado tonight with mom while she recovered from surgery . now she wants to watch and tomorrow . i love my mom .	1
bernie sanders will stop in greensboro nc sunday . he s holding a rally at the greensboro coliseum . vote 	1
 noooo ! just like shawn said be yourself if you only showed that side it may be too much but you balance it out with other vids	0
tfw ur on ur way to see ant man for the rd time	1
rt they should make a new friday and have kevin hart katt williams and mike epps in it .	0
did u hear the oreos rd basemen tom brady is free !	0
super eagles will visit the taifa stars on september welovesport sportsnownow	0
can we get a rt big north london derby tonight cockspur rum t cup nd round vs highgate cc . start hornsey	0
friday treats ! entire album from amp the night sweats at rolling stone now for you to stream . go !	1
here s your starting tuesday morning line up at gentle yoga with laura am to am . . .	0
 entertaining football at white hart lane u c just the dosage i needed on a rainy saturday afternoon .	1
tiger woods group comes to the par rd and there s an ace ! but it wasn t from eldrick scott brown makes it w tiger looking on pgatour	0
 sappy moment can t wait to see videos tomorrow from tonight s gig and see niall the boys helping him jklasdfg k night otramontreal	1
isn t japan s debt large too the mainichi answers common questions readers may have about japan s large debts . . .	2
i love chris brown sept with jthrone	1
if you find someone on d please share . i may try to do some with wichita st . and their opponents this season .	0
back in rehearsal on monday with the woman in black after a summer with the sound of music .	0
t mobile said my bill is due when it s due on the th smh	2
new basics foundation for january just listed u c beginning monday january th that u s right u c australia day public . . .	0
 brewers news braun makes history with fourth season ryan braun became the st player in major league his . . .	1
joe biden or donald trump may be the next president of the united states . just think about that for a little bit	0
 motorola moto g review buy now from amazon motorola calls it the moto g rd . . .	0
bringing the bentley out tomorrow .	1
well u c monsoon coming in from the north and the bomb squad down in midtown on the th . time to go .	0
curtis my man do you have a stream for tomorrow ?	0
 noagenda russian ngos to lose american funding as usaid closes . euronews video in july the russian par . . . itm	2
your saturday satisfaction with madonna don t cry for me argentina smusic top 	1
i want jenelle to come over tomorrow . i need someone to watch netflix and eat mac cheese with . .	0
on oct th pm noda visited iwate prefecture to gauge extent of the damage from the great east japan earthquake .	0
the chris brown and ed sheerhan performance of loyal in vegas may have been the best video i ve seen	1
kesha s camp speaks out on dr . luke abuse allegations following the news tuesday of kesha s lawsui . . . musicnews	0
going on record sting wins belt at noc drops it at the msg show on the rd . if i m wrong ya can have open season on me .	1
imma get the full star wars saga bundle on ps today for the lil guys birthday this friday .	0
caitlyn jenner may face manslaughter charge in deadly crash via good ! so selfish not above the law jail !	2
new ia poll has ben carson and donald trump tied . . . with carly fiorina in rd . should be an interesting next few months . . .	1
i usually wait until the unwashed masses have already seen it i saw ant man on saturday amp the theater was almost empty	0
and now buster posey drives in the rd run of the night with rbi single to score gregor blanco from nd and sfgiants lead 	0
you can put it in the board ! ! hell yes ! white sox lead on abreu s th of the season ! !	1
great news indeed !the victims of boko haram deserve the verg best .may god speedily bring an end to their plight !amen .	1
 nowwatching infinite u s weekly idol with eng sub ! it u s their rd time going to weekly idol ! dd	0
looking forward to rocking it out at roma u s in louisa on saturday night ! ! ! ! hope to see everyone there ! ! ! ! no cover ! !	1
can t wait for the edge of the day after tomorrow where tom cruise gets cold over and over again until he brings down the oil companies .	1
was i one of the first or last to notice this . . . dean ambrose new gear number says june nd the day seth rollins betrayed shield	0
later that month th of feb calvin posted a photo on his fb w louis from the same night they partied with briana	0
we don t want bloody advertising all the time thanks . keep bbc ad free .	2
i ll believe it when i see it . . .frank ocean got my trust fucked up	2
i thought they may censor it like in bleach and sometimes in naruto . major props to toei animation for letting it stay uncensored .	1
they are great aren t they i have one from the ant man wave coming tomorrow as i want to build the ultron figure .	1
real madrid david de gea s dream move to real madrid may have been crushed but he will just have to get his . . .	0
sun are so full of shit they say psg trying to replace zlatan with neymar hahaha	0
so apparently i m going to be the only person at mww tomorrow who didn t watch sharknado tonight . ohma welma .	0
whole day tomorrow eh ? nahh imma go straight to sm and watch annabelle lol	1
here s a list of every place you can get free ice cream for national ice cream day this sunday !	1
if you radical christians get your way the time may come when you re the minority . your desire could result in death .	2
flight from vancouver to montreal . view right window . flying high above the clouds into the sun .	0
my life is in fucking shambles and jacob thinks he s real the victim because i wont co narrate his godawful th stab at dark souls 	2
knowing me knowing yule ! alan partridge to co host tfi friday christmas special with chris evans on channel . can t wait to see that ! a ha !	1
movie idea blade vs twilight besides fire and their gay sparkles in the sun we don t know any weakness . can t starve them either	2
we changed seats in dental lol u c you u re in ash u s old seat and the chapter is due tomorrow	0
i have a dislike of several labour mp s over their attitude to the ira amp so it may be the reason it first came to me .	2
jordan spieth finishes the round at is currently tied for nd with paul dunne and jason day all at the open .	0
you have no shame spreading the lies of enemies of islam .fear allah . may allah guide you otherwise distroy you .	2
he s in sharknado man we may as well get him to swim the ball back to me ! well played hoff	1
ion think i m going to icc tomorrow .	0
see you guys on the th of october in bathurst along with stan walker . can u t wait ! ! ! d	1
they didn t bitch when deron williams passed the ball to jordan farmar to win the game . . .but lebron can t pass in the th stfu	2
my friday night consists of bingewatching inside amy schumer on my pc with my flatmate next to me on my bed watching something scary on hers	0
angela merkel says pleased about france calling for talks on euro zone reforms merkel said on monday . . . foxreg	0
i can t wait until nfl live is on espn all day . . baseball tonight is boring . . . monday night countdown . . . . . i despise nbc football america	2
new video comes out tomorrow ! ! i seriously can t wait especially since skylynn is going to be in it ! they look so cute together !	1
gotta go see flight tomorrow denzel is the greatest actor ever	1
well it s official john cena vs seth rollins titlefortitle winner take on this sunday at summerslam raw	0
joe biden may join bernie sanders in the democrat primary . . . i thought the democrats were opposed to fossil fools ! emily zanotti 	2
never been a kerry fan but may they hammer shites into dublin and wipe the smile off their smug little faces !	2
if milan wants to sign witsel they have to close the deal by tomorrow . otherwise juve will go all in on witsel if they fail with draxler .	0
happy th birthday to mersey ! celebrating with a new squeaky ball . . . my ears are not celebrating .	1
december th and i just ran curtis st . hill in shorts and a t shirt hell yeah	0
we are in search for trade sales manager in muscat u c oman . if interested you may apply 	0
my friend bailey is going to allstar u s show tomorrow . . . . . . .	0
had a blast the red sox game last fri ! share your pics on our fb page !	1
holidays in the eastern part of the peninsula which incorporates hat yai and koh samui are greatest carried out from december to june	1
can t wait for in october . hopefully i run into so i can bust his balls about conor mcgregor .	0
himmatwala set for holi release march . .sure shot another blockbuster ajay .it will going rd in row . .bb sos himmatwala	1
 lt sigh gt yes i ll still be painting your batman minis . although i may need to take a break to make sure i get my malifaux done 	0
dtn usa sunday on mtp scott walker the trump effectdonald trump has exceeded the expectations of several po . . .	0
my brothers gf is on me to use her netflix acct because i love my movies . so i ll all for giving it a try tonight	1
i m a fan of some really weird music but the new david bowie may be the strangest i ve ever heard . not even sure what i just saw	2
seth rollins def . john cena to become wwelinear champion for the th time ! rollins ends cena s th reign as champ !	1
is there a fanpic being taken at anfield for the game on sunday ?	0
celebrating national ice cream day with my fellow interns on this beautiful sunday andalsopanera	1
chelsea need to beat ajax to keep up there battle with ajax for nd place nextgenseries	0
i u m awake ! i love the cover of the new tomb raider ! can u t wait till march th !	1
i went to wwat in spain july you promise follow me in ? ? ? ? it s impossible that you see this . .	0
fittingly it was premiership star daniel kerr who took centre stage as the eagles capped their th birthday . . .	1
i m going to vegas tomorrow but i m guessing you re going to sleep in . i m out at a .m .	0
taijuan walker improved to in sunday s win over the white sox though he also surrendered five runs on seven hits over innings .	0
galaxy tab . coming to sprint with lte on november th good news for sprint customers in the mark . . . mobile	1
yes that s right close down your best channel why don t you ? you re not meant to be netflix or amazon prime .	2
i ve practically gone thru ever illness known to man between thursday and today and he s gucci . god what did i do ? !	0
apple special event march ipad the new ipad full apple keynote . . . via	0
a girl named jordan just got crowned miss usa on sunday . it wasn t me in case you were wondering . . .	0
 august black day for sikhs muslims christians amp minorities in india . freedomforkhalistan gayhind	0
ufo sighting black triangle sighting in perryton u c texas on august th dark triangle shape across the sk . . .	0
may joke all you want but at the end of the day its not your idealistic superman or batman cont .	0
may it jason derulo sean kingston kanye west or justin timberlake . just a loud music is relaxation . some moment to forget the world .	1
living on tomorrow amp yesterday can steal your joy amp the fulfillment of today . both are days in which christians should refuse to live .	0
should get the donkey of the day for singing katy perry and that friday song on his show	2
the disco balls are being polished . . .are you ready ! ? ! this thursday night ! join us at the adrienne arsht center . . .	0
it would have been cool if ice cube was staring out of the window at his neighbor when they showed him writing friday . heymissparker	1
would it be crazy if i asked to go to washington dc nov for the joseph kony march ?	0
 oct rock on dandiya nite at sangam university bhilwara just beat it video 	0
josh hamilton struck out swinging to end the angels win over the rangers . the angels are game up on the astros who they play tuesday	0
 i didn u t want new york to miss my madonna show . get ready for monday ! it u s gonna be on wnbc ! there is a god thanks ellen u 	1
so he s every bullpen pitcher the red sox have ever had ?	0
we u re excited for trunk or treat tomorrow nov night at the boys and girls club in pottstown . it will start at . . .	1
how deep is your love now playing by bee gees of course from the saturday night fever film and album . . .	0
iran wants stable middle east while erdogan tries to break it down on sunday erdogan lashed out against ir . . .	0
fun fact today is the last sunday until valentine s day without an nfl football game ! cheers to that . make . . .	0
the pm or anyone in the world may say that islam has nothing to do with terrorism but can u honestly accept it ur self ?	2
long day yesterday . started here at manawaiopuna falls . you may know them from jurassic park . . . kaua i hawai i	0
 good ! because from the looks of it barnes amp noble will be selling comes a watchman for firewood in november 	1
cannot wait to see with my boys and next friday in athens !	1
i grabbed tom brady in my snake league in the th and in my auction for . then got his suspension lifted the next day ! wining	1
people talkin shit just wait i u ll be in huntsville tomorrow ! ! let me see you ! !	2
imagine thinking hulk hogan is rting all these tweets the people who run his account who are doing it hes prob at a kkk march or something	0
 teamfollowback la liga betis march on malaga held to draw real betis moved up to fourth in the table after s . . .	0
note to self for tomorrow come to tim mcgraw much earlier than you did for eric church . . . the track entrance is moving slow .	1
syco columbia have ot signed for albums and a greatest hits . that means zayn has to work on the th album or else he breaks 	0
most boring superstar of boxing ever sets up another mismatch floyd mayweather confirms he will fight andre berto	2
looooong day . can t wait to see niall tomorrow 	1
you know it s friday when i m in bed with a hot pocket and gilmore girls	1
imma know alot about it next saturday u c imma be at morgan state but imma slide down to d .c . for a hot second	0
on sunday brock lesnar will have lived the dream of competing in a nyc based ppv which he wouldn t have done had he returned to the ufc .	0
hold out hope for valentine u c he may win manager of the year	1
u miss the point the ira were stopped by the irish but u make excuses muslim death cults amp the ira were not rd generation	2
don t get me wrong i m excited to see jason aldean on friday but man do i wish it were kenny again . noshoesnation	1
lady gaga rita ora victoria beckham and more at the british fashion awards on monday in london .	0
was the nfl trolling tom brady on twitter sunday night ? in case you missed it a brief controversy unfolded o . . .	0
since someone offered it looks like i m going to foo fighters at wrigley tomorrow !	0
stop concentrating on all this briana drama amp concentrate on the fact that the boys th album comes out in days daystillmitam ohnobriana	0
 d s new music video comes out tomorrow which means directioners will try to beat the baab record then it will go on and on forever ok 	1
celebrated my nephews th birthday today ! ! i hope he enjoys all his batman presents .always enjoy seeing . . .	1
ebola it s about a five min delay into downtown cleveland on i eb . accident near w . th st .	0
remember when ashton tweeted me about the st atlanta meetup 	1
why am i not going to the foo fighters concert tomorrow	0
love joy feminism women over there have it worse ! as some of you may know bill maher . . . via	0
carly fiorina is in danger of missing the top debate again cnn criteria th place . . post first debate polls th place . .	2
the white sox swept the royals aka the nd best team in the mlb	1
lmao rt curtis painter looks like the kind of guy who would try to buy beer on sunday . scumbag	2
im going to watch the steelers and giants game this sunday	0
people will accept ur ideas much more readily if u tell them benjamin franklin said it st . dcomins which is y kerry just quoted him .	1
photo friday kurt shot this image at the winspear opera house downtown dallas . . . photography	0
david de gea is now considering a contract extension with manchester united . real madrid may have lost the keeper for good . marca mufc	0
let s not forget that the original point of this discussion was bc shawn believed the nd amendment to be . . . .	0
idgaf who our girls team playing tomorrow ! i u m riding with them ! even if they play baylor !	0
may be its true becouse triple h arm has broken for reel or may be he will come back at the royal rumble	0
they say the sun and a shine for all but a in some people s world ? ! it never shines at all . . . bob marley .	1
friday night . . . listening cameron dallas by shawn mendes while you are imegine if cameron dallas is your boyfriend	0
kendrick lamar became the nd most nominated artist at grammys in a single night . the st one is michael j . 	1
leo eyes record barca seek boost in the week that he marked the th anniversary of his competitive . . . femnath	1
piers newbery murray breaks back in the rd huge roar crowd loving it . not sure lamps expe . . . . . .	1
don t think there will be a new episode of naruto tomorrow . welp i ll just have to wait till friday to watch tv .	0
weird . hammer of thor is approved along with many others that may or may not be objectionable . thor ? va approved ?	0
we will take pictures . mom said we might have to do it friday night as we will be at grammys sat	0
floyd mayweather in a nutshell you may kick my ass but im richer so im still better than you	2
the only bad thing about the mets streak is that david wright may injure himself from celebrating so hard so often	2
fingers crossed for paul mccartney at the fnc this october . toronto is nice but i d like to avoid the border at all costs .	1
this morning as i sat on the subway on my way to work listening to u s calirfornia i tuned into and sent love . . .	1
hulk hogan i want to be trump s running mate . vice president hogan washington times	0
do us xbox players get a chance for hawkmoon td or the th ?	1
enter our competition to win a london children u s map puzzle just follow and rt .closes tomorrow don u t miss out !	0
uh ok when will u release the nd part of telephone ? why dont u come to colombia bitch ? i love u mtvstars lady gaga	1
sony and zeiss showdown ! announcement on friday is not just about camcorder and otus !	1
what do i do . . .paul mccartney is coming to oct and i have a free day that day but a mandatory am session the next day .	0
unofficially yours for the nd time around . nw with	0
lol you mean pronounce it ? idk either . .hmm . . .i like to say it like u hair may u or u hair mess u lmfao idk okay . xd	1
i look forward to see you with liam u c louis u c zayn and harry in dancing with the stars in france saturday ! x	1
thanks to moomba i ve been cruising wi the medicare since april . today i decided to finally go get it done ! abouttime	1
headline tomorrow frank ocean s album is finally here the title is long amp weird 	1
sylvia i can t make thursday evening i have an event to go to . can do it saturday if that s ok ? norestforthewicked	2
review motorola moto g rd gen motorola s mid range masterpiece the moto g is a formidable smartphone th . . .	1
i officially have plans for valentine s day . and it may or may not be seeing deadpool . ittotallyis . 	1
 . may make barca return against malaga coach	0
finally home from all this so called shopping in time to see thor finish up the th	1
don t forget the twilight farmers market tomorrow at sir william fry reserve .	0
okay so paper towns . super super uncomfortable with the black character wearing a confederate flag shirt . it may have been in the book but	2
so the windows upgrade may mean that various assistive technology softwares financed by dsa don t work ? awh what ?	2
never say never . . amp how do you know ? he gone be somewhere in the studio with trey songz and frank ocean gay asses	0
annoyed sister still owes me money and shes going to disneyland tomorrow wtf	2
it u s super bowl sunday for the kids ! on the turf in chardon . timetowin herewego	1
hi guys wwat in madrid th of july was the best day of my life i wanna other day how this please come back to spain lt 	1
please come to phoenix comicon again ! the weather is so great here in may . . .maybe not but it is sort of fresh hellish .	1
deron said he ll practice tomorrow . could ve gone today he said but he was told to wait days to let injury heal up .	0
 teamfollowback another pageant another q amp a fail to make you question our educational systems during sunday s miss usa p . . . followback	0
lexus may not know anything about skateboarding but science does all the talking . back to the future was no joke !	1
rft skype nights ! might as well skype with someone who gonna be at the mmg tour at st mariner	1
hahah i haven t had one since monday and it was supposed to be expedited here . t mobile is a joke .	2
seeing thehelp tonight . . .yippee and checking out hothouse on church with 	1
he may or may not be my boss . . . well he shipped me off to another team lol . . . pretty similar to josh hamilton . g ball	0
controversial as it may be undertaker got his victory over brock lesnar . interested to see what comes of this . brockvstaker summerslam	0
gay marriage is wrong yes but the only way to a supreme court dec is and amendment ? no other way	2
you might not wanna come to anatomy tomorrow u c we have a test lol	2
see marcello giordani in concert on feb w the dallas opera orchestra winspear opera house for only .	0
i watched ant man for the rd time today .	1
it is not just poor management of the municipal solid waste that may cause failure of swachh bharat campaign in bhopal	2
perry hs panthers band invites you to save up to off brand name mattresses like simmons amp restonic on saturday amp help them raise money !	1
when we can get the moto g rd gen in indonesia ? motog	0
just saw jennifer hudson on th street she looks great ! ! super skinny	1
well i ll do the st . patrick s day party aka my th birthday ! ! 	1
is the workman vs . lp game this friday ?	0
so april th david price opens for the o s right ?	0
niall is wearing the leg brace on stage . he may be injured and from the looks of it no jumping for tonight ! otramontreal	2
floyd mayweather fights next saturday and no one is talking about it lmao	0
white sox arms of the future measured wednesday on the sano factor via	0
the toyota version would be un breakable the lexus would prob have better climate control may not be a big issue in this case ?	1
rand sunday morning is not the time for sean paul and nirvana .	0
sigh didn t get paid today . maybe tomorrow . maybe later . it all results in a sober weekend full of contemplation and playing with ps 	2
faith based discrimination wherever it may be practised is beyond doubt condemnable ! this is not limited to muslims alone .	2
arsenal s per mertesacker i don t see myself coaching because the . . .	0
everton vs . chelsea so early on a saturday . these boys want to ruin my weekend . why lord .	2
i m selling a lawn ticket for jason aldean this coming friday ! dm me if you re interested !	0
the only thing i want for my birthday is books films and tickets to sam smith when he s coming here in december 	1
does barca s transfer ban expire after tonight or on the last day of december ?	0
what concepts and values in islam disturb the programs of the super powers ? kathmandu sun	0
i might be going thursday to see the end of the fausto carmona era in cle and to see verlander straight filthy stuff	0
somehow got wrangled into seeing ant man again tomorrow with another group of friends . ehh i don t mind much tbh	0
neil degrasse tyson dream of tomorrow please sign the petition to double nasa s budget to a penny on . . . atheism	0
murray stays alive ! he wins the rd set ! usopen tennis	1
off on holiday tomorrow downloading apps for ipod for the plane anyone know any good free ones ?	1
haven u t hear about morgan state . . . . but coppin state is closed for tomorrow . sandy	2
it s fun and it may make your time in the big brother final stretch a little less painful . it s on demand and the lifetime app	1
apple is about to lose my business . i recently bought this ipad may st . . . you come out with new ipad and discontinue ipad ! ! !	2
tomorrow i plan on playing blackops zombies u c gears u c and maybe mw all day thanks to my day live code . anyone down for some gaming ?	1
make contact with the ball . paul dunne when asked what his thoughts will be on the first tee tomorrow at theopen	0
what a prime knob cheese sat next to me on the tube talking extra loudly on the phone about a new show he s pitching to the bbc . jog on .	2
haven t started ! i ve been too caught up in tvd but since i finished that i ll probably start it tomorrow	0
i know it s in january but i can t wait for winter jam !	1
i m going to sob like a child at foo fighters tomorrow i can just feel it	1
presidential candidate bernie sanders will hold a rally sunday at the greensboro coliseum	1
last sunday night for the haunted castle and black forest is tonight ! come on out !	0
bale took wales from th position to the th position in fifa ranking . y u not do this with real madrid ? ? ?	0
the band enjoyed a day of sightseeing in berlin today . we hope to see you at rock im park tomorrow ! preset	1
 th of july . pm at volstead it u s a bar . can you mc for a quiz night ?	0
someone come get educated about bernie sanders with me on sunday feelthebern	1
meet the chicago millennials who started a donald trump super pac chicago magazine makeamericagreatagain	0
today is ecuador s independence day que viva el ecuador ! yes i was born on my parents country freedon day ! i m proud to be an ecuadorian !	1
ikr ? came across it randomly while doing my pr clipping report this morning . the email contact is merlin merlinmedia . . .	0
louis was still in la until february th and he went clubbing during those days where he met briana and ashley .	0
nasa to lift the warning over the georgia dome on the oct th because they expect an atmosphere to be present for the first time ever 	0
waiting for my training season with dawgs tendy u cmay as well watch goon while i u m waiting	0
ceasefire violations the houthi forces should think about yemen s tomorrow saudi arabia should see peace and un to rethink	2
spend more to solve all problems is not necessarily the way to economic nirvana you may think it is .	0
so it s totally possible rousey wins quickly in november as usual then headlines the vegas january nd card .	0
nicki dead ass sat in our faces and lied to us about meek . bye	2
love shepard fairey u s work and in particular this portrait of bob dylan u c the reluctant spokesman 	1
august a celebration of years since the grateful dead s legendary one from the . . .	1
sonia n rahul gandhi got summons . swamy is doing all the answering .	0
thanks chelsea i have all the info i need . have a great tuesday !	1
kyle seager went for with a solo home run and a walk in friday s win over the white sox . mariners mlb	0
if i die at knott s tomorrow it won t be bc of the monsters it ll be by seeing all the cute couples while i m alone just chillin	2
islam is now genetic breaking news tom cruise hopes cientology goes the same way !	0
tory saw me with my physics textbook and she said i wish you the best of luck may god be with you y me hecho la bendicion	1
don t want to leave during the middle of the murray match but i don t want to be dead for my tomorrow decisions	0
mt i will be on cbs friday morning u c speaking about the possible link with global warming and the hurricane .	0
dana white may very well have the world s best piece of furniture . any questions ? nope . we re good here .	1
i really wish the judge of the tom brady case would have given me heads up on sunday because i skipped on drafting him due to the games .	0
jack and jack better perform some of the songs from calibraska tomorrow	0
chelsea may have out on loan wait till you see what s going on at juventus	1
free music on the bandstand at dlwp this sat . the equatorial group . sounding like crazy horse colliding with fleetwood mac on a dusty road 	0
nba league pass is free this week ? cool u c i damn sure wasn u t going to buy it since i got sunday ticket	1
just finished watching the vow for the th time .	0
ready for the keynote tomorrow . is iphone the right choice for me ! ? next time on dragon ball z	1
the mntwins bullpen faltered thursday afternoon in a loss to the white sox at target field . 	0
i predict cowboys may be at worst going into bye week with the possible loss being to arizona . thoughts ?	0
we all know a fangirl who s going to see paper towns tomorrow !	1
kim kardashian shows off gorgeous roses from celeb pals like chrissy teigen and john . . . on thursday the r . . .	0
jesus . i created ? i said kane may not reach the same heights . you then sent me tweets asking my views on martial in an attempt	0
i have the same feeling about going home tomorrow as i get before my family amp i go on a trip to disney world . cantsleep soexcited	1
my son is walkin out with the eng team tomorrow night told him under no circumstances can he b holding hands with kane am i right say that	1
martin atkinson announced as referee for tyne wear derby on sunday . just want the toon to win nufc .	1
my dad tomorrow morning did you meet shawn ? me no dad hangs up 	0
i remember in middle school when ever it was friday they would sing friday by rebecca black .	0
francesca is leaving milan tomorrow and i don t know how to feel about this	0
a guardian article thinks erdogan is the prime minister of turkey amp apparently tr sees all kurds as a threat not pkk	2
today s news democrats offer republicans everything they asked for republicans demand more . not hard to understand r s want a shutdown .	0
tomorrow in marca headline arbeloa doesn t want ancelotti to coach him 	2
kane records nd assist of the half as he finds bishop to give lead over with min to play gocabrini	1
thanks for another great show miss you tomorrow as i am going to ed sheeran ! will catch up on your tl when i get home !	1
get excited for the local q birthday bash on friday night by checking out the band profile of trifecta here 	1
only you can answer before i try ! there u s on wp a way to call rd p . apps ? like intents on android . i wanna switch to wp !	1
working on guitar vocal harmony with next rooster beat concert will be great november on la draga deusto bilbao 	1
did i just see what i think i did on real madrid signed a th old ? wow	0
have you heard we have a new class meditation amp mantra ? ! ? every wednesday am with being yoga with . . .	0
big brother is going to be the reason i fall asleep in public tomorrow and mess up the first weeks of school oops	2
cool meetup with in san jose at ibm lab sep pm apis	1
kendrick perkins may have the worst goatee in all of sports .	2
blue jays win th straight behind birthday boy david price when the toronto blue jays traded for david price . . .	1
the girl with the birthday cake on her in the birthday song video . . can somebody bring her to my house thursday ?	1
 nd a huge percentage of christians are christians by name not practice . specially in the west .	2
remember when pain was a just shadowy figure ? we all speculated he was naruto s dad . boom we see the true th hokage during their fight .	0
remembrance service was nice ! now just pottering around town till rd service . to get new boots or not ?	1
seth rollins looks like the typical emo kid that shops at pac sun summerslam	0
i put brady as second best qb in league still behind peyton just ahead of brees at rd rodgers th .	0
more like taylor wants to stay the hell away from miley bc she saw how nicki dragged her sunday .	0
who is going to digi tomorrow ? ! ?	1
did you know that sam smith was trending topic on monday for hours in liverpool ? trndnl	0
all you need to know about the ref for sunday u s game u c martin atkinson sunderland v newcastle nufc safc	0
this is the galaxy note in all its glory samsung is set to announce its new galaxy note on august and . . .	1
since ditched me who wants to get dunkin with me tomorrow morning ? i ll drive	0
check out the replay of from tues as we talk rousey cfb playoff predictions and our nfl team previews right now amp all day !	0
shout out to all the girls who will be taking the walk of shame into cvs tomorrow to by a plan b dressinglikeaslutcomeswithaprice	0
monday pj day tuesday ugly sweater wednesday snow day thursday north pole day friday star wars day !	1
as i understand it scott walker pleaded the th or times for medicare fraud .but you know he s a republican so its okay .	0
but people hated way before then tbh and i think it may have been directed at lil kim other than iggy because nicki denied later	2
i hear you this sunday morning amp will just remind you that christians throughout history have not always followed christ .	2
so the kids in the picture belong to rss came to stop rahul gandhi ? rofl . .	0
oh shit nicki and mikey gone be in the same room tomorrow i wonder if mikey gone talk all that shit then vmas	2
sweet got yoga classes tomorrow . time to show off my ass to strangers in the guise of getting healthy drink it in pal .	0
i want to see white arrows at north star bar sat studio session on wed ! ! !	0
red sox tie it up phillies red sox bottom th	0
you and i may disagree on islam dear but you have my support .	0
another les miles gem when you u re challenged u c and if you enjoy challenge u c we u ll u c you enjoy it . from monday u s presser .	1
how is it not obvious the th hokage is naruto s dad ? ! they basically put it in your face the second episode .	0
can u t even sleep . . all i can think about is how fucked jordan is going to be when i just don u t answer my phone tomorrow . haha sucks to suck	2
galaxy s ii can be wiped by just clicking a link other touchwiz devices may also be vulnerable	2
hold on partner i got bars to and they kinda scary i m about to show you how may nick s this mariah carey s	1
do you think david wright will play on monday ? in the starting lineup ?	0
im watching ted for the rd time	1
b st u s current nominated position for mama best male group th place best global group th place artist of the year th place 	0
that was stupid by john stewart but who cares seth rollins is now the st man to hold wwe title amp us title together summerslam	0
i understand you enjoy ant man and assure you it will start on time when you return tomorrow	1
look at ice cube riding the wave . . .	0
let s see how many couples are going to start dry humping when eric church sings wrecking ball tomorrow countryjam	1
tomorrow morning i ll tell you what and talk purple line and the future of the icc in maryland . mdtraffic moco	0
i ll be at star wars weekends tomorrow i ll be the guy in the jack skellington golf hat starwarsweekends	0
yakub s body to be brought to mumbai cm to make statement nagpur jul uni the body of mumbai serial . . .	0
meanwhile u r fighting over useless topics yakub s angels has been assigned he s finished doing n th dancing on baby doll	0
ibm has the grand opening for the toronto garage sept th . here how clients innovate here	1
first time ever you hear boos for the undertaker ! brock lesnar gonna beat his ass sunday ! ! wweraw	0
 swagcorner at the showdown final showdown july kl live	0
nice w tonight with shooting milan chet against fm . be ready tomorrow as we take on the buccs	1
cali what does mean me what is the date of independence day cali when is independence day ? i m gunna go look it up me it s july 	0
here it s pm i can be around that time but maaaybe i ll be gone since i may watch ant man today	1
there is a woman in somalia u c the sun gives her no mercy u c the same sky we lay under u c burns her to the bone miss adu	2
 aug harry lives the nightmare of voldemort killing frank bryce . aug we all live the nightmare of kim kardashian s wedding .	2
while i was asleep i could hear ice cube and mike epps and i got happy cuz i thought next friday was on but its all about tbe benjamins	1
jon stewart cheating he helps seth rollins win that some cheap monday night raw comes on tomorrow and i m not going to be happy	2
i remember how to make it in america premiered on valentine s day in . a sunday . two days later i met paul bailey . 	1
will i see you at paley tomorrow ?	0
guys the trayvon martin case doesn u t start til june u ctwenty thirteen ! ! ! steep graduation	0
t pain killed for his show the other night . guns and roses lastnight . tomorrow night kirko bangz . lasvegas turnup	1
not even a year after the charlie hebdo attack jan .	0
it u s monday morning and i woke listening to niggas in paris . oh man it u s going to be a good day .	1
update on the event for saturday sept th for those who were expecting a fleetwood mac open microphone night . . .	1
sorry for the big brother spam y all ! it s a thursday thing !	0
 clean environment can make swachh bharat mission successful new delhi oct ians human resource develop . . .	1
wanna come with me and tom to milwaukee on saturday to see obama and katy perry	0
i wish i d just gone and seen frank ocean in th or th grade bc i actually could ve afforded it then 	1
kenny lofton threw out the ceremonial st pitch tonight . who hasnt that guy been to the post seasonw itih	0
got a jennifer hudson inspired makeup look coming on monday u c excited for the turn out	1
tiger federer serena the niners eesh about those guys and some cold tx brews . laaazzzy birthday sunday .	1
scott walker is a despicable prick . .may he get cancer . .and roast in hell !	2
i m saying murray was good but it great . randle and dmc are just as good if it better . cm is th rb	1
afterwork social s . king dr . from saturday . steppin u cfood u c drinks . days work and sixth day for relaxation .	1
you know what sucks about battleground this sunday ? dean ambrose is not booked ! !	2
david cameron considering taking syrian refugees from un camps makes sense may stop the masses paying the traffickers who trade on misery	1
timeout mtvb as arkansas state has come back to take a lead in the th set . red wolves lead match 	0
awwwwwright ! it s leaving cert results night tonight giggity giggity giggity goo ! quagmire from family guy is in dublin tonight 	1
its getting close . the day is almost upon us . go set a watchman is tomorrow ! ! gsaw	1
true story munibond sales guy was freaking out amp wanting to liquidate his ira at depths in aug sep talked him out of it for the most part 	2
wanna watch sharknado but i ve yet to see sharknado or ! so i ll watch those before i watch the rd movie !	1
this girl is straight delusional ! hillary ain t going to jail . she might visit one but go . . .lolol	0
you bet your bottom dollar i saw magic mike xxl for the nd time tonight and loved every minute of it	1
want to keep bucks rookie john henson company as he visits lambeau field monday ? click to enter sweepstakes .	0
tomorrow is going to be a night full with we got kevin harts show bet life of chris brown on and jimmy kimmel body on me ! !	1
dang and then allstar game in houston the th	0
 tmz hulk hogan blowin off steam hulk hogan tried to maintain his daily regime by hitting the gym saturday . . . .	0
still head over heels in love with my th generation ipod . curated to the hilt . ipod apple oldtech personalmediadevices	1
we are sponsoring the newport comedy series this friday night with bob marley performing at the hyatt on goat . . .	1
leaning scott walker actually . liked some of carly fiorina . ted cruz would be my rd albeit over the top personality 	0
no diff from with bitlocker at some point platforms should provide data at rest encryption built in	2
anyone can ask kyle how hard we r going tomorrow ! we r gonna take a school blackout pic !	0
westside ice cube voice listen to shirley s strawberry letter on . then . for west coast wednesday all day on weed !	0
mehn . .this boko haram is just like a cancer . . that said ibelieve one day all this killings will end	2
bayern munich goalkeeper manuel neuer shows he could play in midfield v bayer leverkusen bayern munich may have . . .	0
and donald trump is just like mlk what an idiot	2
rumors suggest no apple event this october . so you mean all the ipads are on it s way today ? come on now that s so much of writings .	0
paul dunne w jacket bogeys on st holes without jacket birdie . keep the jacket off kid ! amateur finalround theopen	0
 pricewise tom segal will be on from am tomorrow morning to preview the live channel four races . newmarket horseracing	0
jaden smith deems this romance the best movie ever excluding twilight the aspiring spiritual leader may . . .	1
i u m driving in to long beach saturday . if anyone has clothes u c food u c cleaning supplies u c linens to donate please let me know ! thank you !	1
what s hot in montgomery and prince george s real estate here is just a snapshot of the maryland real estate mar . . .	0
be prepared to listen about nicki and miley tomorrow at school or maybe kanye	0
but if mr corbyn does win he may well be haunted by a sense that he didn t really want the job in the first place . laura kuenssberg bbc	0
yo don t ever say that ! god forbid ! may it not happen ! zayn is cool . . .don t even try to compare them . . .i love zaynnn	0
people forget how good the bee gees were before saturday night fever	1
ooer . my main squeeze is taking me to the cinema tomorrow to see thor fight the whale .	1
briana is due to give birth on the th of january . it will be announced towards the end of february that louis is not the father .	0
niall posted a pic of his hairy leg in the sun and im like wtf the fuck why so i scrolled and there was zayn s beautiful face thank u	0
just sat in on bruno mars interviews	0
what have you got for tomorrow ? i have over . in espanyol bilbao u c sociedad to win and osauna . .	1
if alabama loses to lsu on saturday u c the bcs championship game could be played without an sec team via	0
i m going to do the sydney dalton diet right before school so on the th day during school i go looking fab xoxo	0
are you coming to our book swap on thursday night ? you should u c it is fucking ace 	1
mitt is the man going to go vote tomorrow .	1
happy th birthday to one of the most dependable human beings i know . may your light never go dim my big brother and friend	1
hey all you pretty little liars fans ! let u s trend happybirthdaytroianbellisario . . .sunday october th	1
still in awe that i m going to see sam smith tomorrow . . . counting down the hours	1
see how ibm amp are transforming content sync and sharing in the cloud . join us tomorrow 	1
so who s gonna go to the uab v . florida game on september th ? ? ? ? ?	0
wonder if my concert going buddy wants to go to machine gun kelly u c rick ross u c meek mill u c and wale nov in indy ? ?	0
giving the tickets away to see nero at the hammerstein ballroom next saturday in minutes ! ! ! ! 	0
even though nike is x better than adidas i u m still going to the adidas employee store tomorrow	1
i just realized im retaking the cashee tomorrow . 	0
lmao snottsdale u c az sluttiest place . i don u t think gelndale should get nd u c give it to the tempe giiiiirls .	0
another heated game tonight between nsc minnesota and fc tampa bay . be sure to make your predictions ! week is already up .	1
new iphone it s a relegious day .	1
hold up ! ! i can u t make plans for tomorrow . . tomorrow it u s game time . . pm . knicks vs heat . .	0
my otratoronto seats were in the section where zayn sat for most of wwa . if i had been there last yr i wouldnt be alive to tweet this	1
the moved up the vs fight to nov . in australia . rousey is always ready to fight ufc andstill	0
vitali u s may have more power on it but he tends to push it . paulie u s controls fights with that upjab	0
stanely is ice cube s neighbor in the movie friday . he is the guy who says will you please stay off my frigging grass please 	0
hopefully t mobile calls me tomorrow i want that new phone . .	1
tigers jump out to a lead in houston . victor martinez rbi single in the th . meanwhile david price is shutting out the yankees thru 	0
christians tomorrow morning as a gathering of believers you have a divine appointment with god . how many of you . . .	0
 i want him to shine at milan imo . rd time is the charm .	1
she said something about nicki ? how dare she . . .the actual question is who is she like seriously is she famous or sum	2
bout to watch friday night lights for like the rd time . one of my favorite shows	1
great op ed on millennials hardship vs baby boomer nirvana let s give all the op ed writers a trophy ! woeisme	1
just seen this picture from saturday at foo fighters . minions always make me think of	1
derrick williams and check in to tonight u s game . budinger with a long ! twolves up with seconds left in the st .	0
we have melbourne cup u c woop thats a fab horse racing day we have christmas u c easter u c good friday u c australia day u c idk heaps haha	1
really liked tobacco rd . i u ll have to run through the whole album tomorrow before the wbb game .	1
wow ! just heard awful news emanuel steward died rest in peace to one of the truly great trainers of all time . you ll be missed sat nights	2
gucci raft alterum cheerful expectation august lay bare the bifurcated thy joker inside of adding into pros an . . .	0
williams stopped short of the goal line on rd and . heels line up to go for it on th and . brian kelly wants a timeout .	0
coming up song requests for the vamps sam concepcion darren jk jason and lyca it s a monday and the votes are tight !	1
 eric church appeared on friday at the th place in the top of nashville s trends trndnl	1
lmfao his big ass get on my nerves u c you going to class tomorrow ?	2
ice cube s character played by his son is wearing a jerry curl wig in the movie which premiers this fri . . . .	0
dustin johnson leads pga championship dustin johnson hits a drive on the th hole during the first roun . . . pga	0
frank gifford dying on hall of fame weekend is strangely bittersweet . he and the monday night football broadcasting team were the best ever .	0
cactus league previews may be done but i also put together an abbreviated gallery . check it out on	0
this day feb in george harrison received the award for video of the year for when we was fab .	0
 np lights of cincinatti by scott walker from the album the sun ain t gonna shine	0
ok you may have to create an email that is shorter . the ps cannot handle that many characters for some reason . so	2
 chaps u c i u m still working on the pix from saturday v blaydon . should be uploaded later tonight phil	0
new music bruno mars young girls if you watched bruno mars on saturday night live then you may have caught h . . .	0
kendrick lamar black friday a tale of citiez remix new song by music of the heart	0
opening scene for ice cube s upcoming another friday in the big ten movie . how you get fired on yo day off tim ? 	0
the bye felicia line in straight outta compton by ice cube s son is a sick s o to his dad saying bye felicia in the movie friday . nwa	0
i m so frustrated with game of thrones and i m only on the th episode	2
is this adele s new album dropping in november just another frank ocean	0
not to be outdone by the neighbours erdogan is now holding his own snap election this time on november 	0
just relax thor the area is so nice and quiet . i may meditate for a bit .	1
rt pavol demitra s agent confirms the ex canuck was one of killed in a plane crash today in russia . so sad . . . . . .	2
very interesting video clip about the blood moon tetrad worth the time to watch 	1
this weekend on the fair amp balanced network fox news sunday s guests are crazy conservative rick perry and nutty conservative john kasich .	2
just spent mins trying to make the iron throne from game of thrones out of jockey whips for the big clash tomorrow . fail !	0
floyd mayweather got ali as the th best fighter of all time on his list . . . . . lmfao dude is a fuckin joke .	0
dwayne allen destroyed brian cushing on the st down run . such a complete te .	0
come along on sunday november to the hilton hotel in dundee from pm . the clays shop will have a stall along . . .	0
nicki went from i want to thank my pastor to cursing at miley . that may beat what kanye did to taylor swift .	0
let s hope he won t mention trump ! c mon man !	0
great times and great show last friday night with ben sollee ! thanks to ben and headliners and everyone that was . . .	1
i would like to congratulate the duke and duchess of cambridge on the nd birthday of their son prince george	1
tsipras plan a was stall until politics improved . may have miscalculated and thought it would improve by june .	0
danny elfman s score for the silver linings playbook just may be the oddest but most intriguing score he s composed since sleepy hollow .	0
this galaxy note accessory may help you get over blackberry envy 	1
manuals may play a role in early training activities but they have limited value in the heat of battle . louis gerstner ibm hrtrends	0
it makes me happy to see that ron jaworski isn u t on monday night football . suck it	1
just found out beyonce is performing tonight not tomorrow .	1
i recorded the wanted on celebrity juice so if anyone missed it u c i u ll stream it again on saturday if anyone wants to see it ?	0
i m just excited to work the zac brown band concert this saturday	1
i love and if they re at sxsw in march i m in the crowd screaming and being ignorant .	1
the price creep is real but the rd generation moto g is a huge step forward	1
ticibhfi the katy perry fan is talking may i take a message ?	0
zeroes in on the latest in a short video . making iphone amp ios great for enterprises . st amp now	1
with only two weeks to go until the release of threshold s brand new studio album march of progress you can . . .	0
ommmgggggg you u re alwayyyyyyyz in my hrt babi gurl . see you tomorrow ! ?	1
swear twilight was badass vampire werewolf shit but this th one is just bella amp edward shaggin wtf happened did the budget run out or what	2
it doesn t matter that iona doesn t have school tomorrow because . i hate school . we don t have snow days	2
looking forward to inspiring the makeup artists of tomorrow with my red carpet workshop at in liverpool as guest lecturer	1
 news today in august th nirvana play at the . . . today in august th nirvana . . . keepgrunge	0
you knw wat i m waf with morris hall boys on twitter though they all go cause they nd floor team u feel me	0
ice cube gives iggy azalea the nod of approval she makes dope songs music the guardian	1
i just got an email about people i may know on google . isn t google going away ?	0
adams says he accepts finding in slab libel case against sunday times over his alleged role in ira as the case was heard by a jury 	0
i am confused you said you were praying eid wouldn t be tomorrow .	2
espn also . rt to those asking you can watch our game tonight live vs chi taipei at pm on aktv ibc ! spread d word !	0
live ass kendrick concert with my boy harper lastnight live ass rockets game with my boy woodley saturday ns won my weekend was great	1
i am so happy niall still thinks santa clara was a cool show it s was one the nd american leg date i love him	1
looking forward to going to carrow rd tonight . last time we were there u c bale scored and we were rd . do not want extra time though	1
google hang out to answer questions about the th idaho hang on eastern aka am west coast on thursday the th mesg for details .	0
i m getting up at tomorrow so i sticked in and out hannibal after i realized next episode has the girl waiting under beds to murder people	1
yess ! spanish with maite gt gt gt amp okay thanks ! see you tomorrow xo .	1
bet that up . i get there the th . still gotta book spot . . . tryin to stay on venice beach	1
i u ve never sat through an episode of gossip girl which does not inhibit me from calling it jim henson u s bret easton ellis babies 	0
anonymous to wikileaks we u re more interested in transparent govts bringing out info they want to hide from public .	1
i had a really great time watching ant man reminded me of the st time watching iron man where the character tries to learn who he is	1
indie grind news cara michelle on july cara delevingne hit the red carpet of the paper towns premiere in s . . .	0
i agree ace it was pretty bad and what i saw on ps was much better . i don t have one so i may just go to something else !	2
pretty sure nicki s ass is the th wonder of the world	1
just spent hours babysitting my th attempt to upgrade to windows without success . not sure what s wrong but it s getting ridiculous .	2
i probably failed my exam today but at least i was the th like on kim kardashian s insta pic	2
boko haram may have just killed people killing went on and on and on 	2
damnit amazon ! when you say you re going to ship something on the th i expect it to ship on the th !	2
erdogan called on tuesday for parliament to lift the immunity from prosecution of lawmakers from the kurdish party	0
barcastuff messi is the st arg player in history to score against all other conmebol countries fcblive via mrchip 	1
 . presents exceptional customer experience with ibm and tomorrow at amplify 	1
happy bday big boss ! ! ! ! happy birthday roman abramovich october wish you all the best cfc	1
come support the show movement at park dale high school on oct th from w aja u c dreamteam u c hqb u c dsb hib	0
seth rollins kicks off raw and he may have a message for sting .	0
im going to watch the mtn final tomorrow at the magnificent orlando stadium in soweto	0
if bee comes in with cash in oct i d imagine milan are gonna splurge in the winter amp definitely next summer let s hope they are smart about it	0
welp . white sox dominating the royals . may be time to go back to the full strength lineup tomorrow .	0
clash on sunday for lexi tameside v oldham at reddish and school netball tournament she wants to play both ! !	0
i did not think about david bowie very much today . tomorrow will be different i promise	0
that movie flight with denzel looks really good ! may have to go check it out	1
xbox one will let you take screenshots in march	1
i saw paper towns on friday it was good i guess but there was so much changes compares to the book it bothered me	2
out of the qualifying qbs russell wilson is th in the nfl in yards in the air .a lot of dump offs screen passes intermediate routes	0
dustin johnson has a remarkable record in the opening two rounds of his last majors . . .	1
happy to see cogent views from most of the section of society . yakub was a terrorist . capital punishment may be a . . .	0
oh u c is fox lying and be racist ? huh u c so it u s a typical thursday then . hailobama racistcons fauxnews	2
remember ! original christians of usa choked the food amp water supplies of the pagans to make them toe the line	2
have a fun trip tomorrow ! your note is on tumblr is you didn u t see it yet i believe in you u c i love you u c and run fast 	1
it s the first of august and started off good with ant man .	1
agree with nd part but yakub is no reason . best logical argument against his hanging by	2
i m sitting on this bench alone on campus in the sun and listening to bob marley this is wonderful	1
potus was here in boulder today u c with the same old stump speech . meanwhile u c in staten island u c his lower th ward 	0
 see what i just did sound s like you saw billy crystal in mr . saturday night . yes ?	0
hoosier dome in indianapolis tomorrow ! let s make this bananas !	0
good lord the food in italy is so damn good . . found a random cheap spot in milan . . venice tomorrow !	1
maybe it u s just to short a time to have . .there u s booker t friday now vicki lol for monday . .maybe aj will get it	0
awww saturday ? how was it ? ? you dont even came to my side much in bkk con u c i was so upset abt that	2
the saga continues october th ! ! sucka free sundays now at the pour house . fkbs live . we re goin back to the basics .	0
i have not read the links yet will do . agree erdogan is problem turkish people not stupid . may not last til election .	2
i love rem but sweetness follows may be the most depressing song ever . kurt cobain may have even killed himself whilst listening to it ffs .	0
tom brady is the defending champ and best qb in the league honey . he should ve been picked st .	1
i liked a video daniel bryan engages in a hulkamania pose fest with hulk hogan smackdown april 	0
so excited tomorrow d s little things music video will be down it s like day to go .	1
if you re in kerry tomorrow evening and looking for some fun come on down to st john s in listowel . love . . .	1
ikea backpacker final interview november philly u c pa . i am so excited about this opportunity . pretty ridiculous ! ikea	1
i caught adam jones home run tonight check me on espn top plays at midnight ! one handed w a soft pretzel in my hand on my iphone	0
 year old dallas seavey wins iditarod dallas seavey won the iditarod trail sled dog race tuesday becoming . . .	1
dreading work and school tomorrow but what would make it x better would be taylor swift tickets riversecretsessions	1
how do y u all feel about moving presidents day to august ? august lacks a three day weekend . then make lincoln u s b day a day off too . boom	0
ima go see lamb of god tomorrow in hollyweed . come get punched in the fuckin face in the pit	2
may the gods be praised . i love netflix .	1
anyone who s interested in going to see jason aldean in concert on august st at klipsch music center let me know . section b up front 	0
i ve sat here since its now am and it has moved i m off if it s not done when i wake i ll be ringing xbox for a refund .	2
take welbeck being unable for the euros with a pinch of salt . pretty sure we ll see him in an arsenal shirt come may .	1
gotta stay up amp watch phillies replay to see if i made tv bc that david wright upper deck hr in the nd inning was right in front of me 	0
oliseh shops for players in london super eagles coach sunday okechukwu oliseh has started shopping for the n . . .	0
this is for you ignorant fucks that think bob marley s birthday is on 	2
another quick inning for kuma in the nd as the mariners lead the white sox . seager will open the rd inning .	0
on this night of fine footy finals for the nrl afl u c may i take a moment to say the first round of super rugby is only sleeps away 	1
i may not be the biggest hulk hogan fan but he does deserve another chance especially with the lack of action on a certain nxt diva w wwe .	0
not in the afghan halal meat shop but it may as well be with the amount of afghans and halal meat in the house ! !	1
paid my bills bought some groceries did a bit of price shopping on some clothes and bought my ticket for ant man later tonight . saturday	1
i guess its good to keep brock lesnar for the rd hour keeppeoplewatching raw wwe	0
federer s a man with a mission . . . th one coming . . cincytennis	1
just watched wwat concert film ! ! very excited ! sooo amazing i ll go to the theater tomorrow too !cant wait ! !love you niall !	1
my st tweet u c chose you saw u in banff u c thankful our snow isn u t as damaging as the weather you u re dealing with ! keep safe dry	1
don t forget about daylight savings time ! daylight savings time ends on sunday november th at am . the . . .	0
today is national bratwurst day . also another recall election day in wisconsin . get out the brat ! i mean vote ! wi holiday vote	0
lithium is essential for fuel cells and anti depressants . it s the element of the st c . amp bolivia the saudi arabia	0
the duke is loose . duke johnson pounds it in for a yard touchdown . miami leads vtech in the th .	1
at t offers free cloud storage for ios and android at t on thursday announced a new service it calls at t locker th . . .	0
should be in lax hours and min from now just in time to see the sun come up and do friday all over again .	0
can you beat dark souls before tomorrow ? maybe play both as adventures in the apocalypse will seem nice in comparison .	1
that s like saying kim never actually said nicki s name in black friday . you know who was the target .	0
kane will be featured in the achiever for the nov dec issue . photo courtesy	0
the thing about being older is that when i see people like miley dressing the way she does all i think is meh madonna did it st . 	2
 wanna go to the first freshers party ? na i ve just started watching naruto for the th time email me pics 	0
rt today has been an awesome day ! one of the google engineers posted a tutorial video from our site ! . . .	1
are u ready for the latest london conference ? scholars . days . venue . this weekend june july insha u allah . venue tbc	0
here s to the close of another weekend and fun on national ice cream day ! ready for monday ?	1
just put twilight on then realised what had done and now i m sat on my stairs thinking about my actions .	0
erotic asphyxiation u c evanescence u c strip clubs and kaaba have been the topics of my discussions today ! happy friday ? !	1
we u re going to be here tomorrow have lots to swap ! london children u s book swap via	0
hi there and best from milan italy if dgates made you angry as per nyt may i ask why ? xxx filippo	1
also a musing i want to dance to david bowie and the soundtrack to saturday night fever . i d like there to be disco lights	1
carly fiorina is rd in iowa with of the vote behind trump and carson yet is not going to allow her to debate . waronwomen	2
anyone want jason aldean tickets for friday ?	0
everyone turning into kanye west fans just for today and then going to forget about him tomorrow smh	0
totally different than thor saying he s got tricks up his sleeve . takethecrown	0
can u t wait to hear tomorrows cmag meeting about horny coni report . baages wait watch you will be grilled tomorrow ! cmag a hope .	2
answer quiz nts zakat is the pillar of islam a . b . c . d . bl berry answer c th 	0
rival schools has just announced their australian tour dates this september . tickets on sale june .	0
obama s evil comments on the podium has fuelled hate in blacks and muslims . his aim is civil war for automatic rd term	2
alright going to bed u c gotta long weekend . work friday and saturday then and sunday night in greensboro	0
 rumors kim kardashian may be the west family matriarch but when it comes to ugly christmas swe . . .	2
which may people think it is a bad game and that the major issue of dark souls games	2
 watched one of my fave movies for the rd time .never fails to make me giggle while making me cry and touch my heart . makoy gamboa u c fb	1
and stay away from kris bryant ! ! ! ! don t need my star rd baseman caught with a year old ! ! ! !	2
i agree we went to see the foo fighters monday at dte and they came on thirty minutes after the opening act .	0
goon is on tomorrow at u c just sayin .	0
had a great weekend with the family . went to the ritz carlton which is the best hotel ever . thanks mom i enjoyed myself . sat by the band	1
from milano roberto eva cavalli sharon stone the head of mac just cavalli backstage show new store next sunday	0
i don u t want a love like jonny and june u c i want a love like blake and miranda .	0
looks like indonesia will face the pats in the semis . warriors lead the singapore slingers u c u c with over mins left in the th	0
the heat is gunna kill the knicks tomorrow	0
storylines other than tom brady s return you should watch for in vs on thursday night 	0
wish i couldve went to see miss may i tonight at house of blues . 	1
it seem like austin rivers is tryin to had to get a bucket . i feel em tho my st game in the league i was trying hard too	0
anyone up for an internet pool on when the russian pilots shoot down the st turkish aircraft ? erdogan may wimp out amp ground his aircraft .	2
milano italy tomorrow mount snowdon wales days london new years bday days bring it onnn	1
who wants to meet the bulls tomorrow got tickets . let me know asap ! ! ! free	1
fast bowler james pattinson has a buttock injury and won t play in tomorrow s third and deciding one day final against sri lanka . cricket	2
i m thinking of going tomorrow and then moving onto bolton from there to get city eagles	0
i like how kpop fans hate on exo but the nd ppl start shitting on kpop they show them baekhyun chen and kyungsoo singing . exo	0
rt i m exited about friday ! no offense but who is tonga ? nz can t just make up names and countries . play fair .	1
want to speed up your sharing ? automate a few things from your ios device ? workflow may be the solution .	0
working friday morning shift at dunkin is actually the most stressful thing you could do . godhelpme	2
next tuesday is d u s chocolate day ! with halloween right around the corner u c this is sure to curb your candy craving 	0
dear journalists please quit with the joe biden stories amp speculation . he s not even our rd choice . sincerely democrats everywhere .	2
kingsley coman will have played for psg juventus and bayern by the time he is but may not have made his international debut . some feat .	0
we will miss you frank gifford nfl legend amp hubby of now walking in glory amp wonder with god himself	1
rt gaga is now in th place for solo artists with the most top s in a row only behind janet jackson madonna whit . . .	0
isat u s tomorrow . make it or break it for north georgia . getting a good nights sleep tonight .	1
reason why promoting ibm machine accessories june have being scrupulous the type her exact vice pronouncement ! xtows	0
i ll take you for dunkin or whatever you what soon like thursday or wednesday or a day	1
news bookmaker paddy power u s u lucky pants u make an appearance at chisora weigh in ahead of saturday u s . . . pr prjobs	0
i remember when niggas use to compete with me on who knew the most gucci lol real deal fan hear since a th grader lol unk put me on	0
here s what happened when jon stewart got into the ring with john cena during sunday night s wwe summerslam	0
honestly to me this really isnt about kendrick being king . of course it wll happen in this lameass 	0
us open anderson ends murray s hope federer wawrinka rolls on new york sept kevin anderson the world . . .	0
 businessinsider the state department may have rewarded a key player in the iran deal by lo . . . news	0
game on ! will be the theme for the san diego county fair via	0
i misss you toooo ! ! ! you need to come to bg on the th ! ! we are throwing joe a surprise birthday party ! ! bring whoever 	1
bahraini prince to visit gaza strip a bahraini prince will on thursday make a rare trip to the gaza strip to op . . .	0
 . . i probably won t even be on when justin does his rt follow sprees cuz of the time difference . plus he may not even tweet as much c 	2
hillary doesn t want to run as bill s rd term . biden doesn t want to run as obama s rd term . both want to run as sanders s st term .	2
may i be excused ? to do what ? so i can watch sharknado ? . . . thank you for being honest . my year old sister is cooler than me .	1
this is like the nd episode that should have shawn on it . the st being girl meets semi formal	0
friday starts with playing smells like teen spirit nirvana clt	0
dustin johnson at the top of the leaderboard ! dammit i guess that means it s only thursday ! ! ! ! nottheweekend pga	0
too bad david wright wasn t available to ph instead of having d arnaud ph for the st time . wait he was available ? mets	2
going to singapore tonight excited for skyfall penny boarding tomorrow !	1
hey steve . texas may have signed beltre and toronto signed david price . but that left cespedes for the rest of us ! ! happy festaviss new york	1
mario balotelli may have notched a goal and assist on his return to action with milan but coach si . . . soccernews	0
joe biden may not have the emotional energy to run for prez but no problem with the energy level necessary for vp job ? mtp	2
ya girl is going to taylor swift tomorrow	1
dana white amp joe silva are scum bag atheists and ronda rousey is endorsing bernie sanders . don t give them your money . stream the ufc on sat	2
rt truth is like the sun . you can shut it out for a time but it ain t goin away . elvis presley	0
tomorrow is going to be a peasant fest . nicholas witchell is going to be swanning about the bbc like a jim fucking white . boak .	2
also disturbing is that hick moron clerk has no idea federal law supersedes state law ! what about gay couple st admnt rights ?	2
all the kids who talk shit about northglenn caue they graduated are the same ones going to the game tomorrow .	2
still not over the strange premonition of the last q of rolling stone s lost q amp a w zayn that they published march 	0
rick stein saturday kitchen quote fishing is by far the worlds most dangerous job haha thinkaboutitnobhead	2
here s your chance to meet jim rogers and milk bellafiore this coming saturday ! i have got the platinum vvip . . .	1
american horror story renewed for season in talks with lady gaga if you thought the th season of american . . .	0
but i do agree wit nd in east as long as drose sits out most of the year	1
check out world music poet aja and his band at the sullivan hall thurs nov at pm	0
via don t forget this weekend is the end of daylight saving time . set you clocks back hour sat night when you go to bed . e	0
 pakistan news procter and gamble sales fall . p g said net earnings in the quarter to september fell to . . .	0
i just wanna wear a sweater and yoga pants tbh but if i were to wear that tomorrow i would probably just die .	2
real madrid clearly did not really want david de gea sign anew deal lad .	0
its a fresh start for the super eagles of nigeria when they take on tanzania . . . .in hrs ! sunday oliseh era	1
 astros aplin steals third after knocking a big rbi double down the right field line . we re tied at in the th .	1
 . t u cant just tweet sum guess who imma see thursday and nit tweet them back ! ! . lol	2
update from a couple of days ago gerontius is in fact the best piece of music ever ! i hope everyone will tune into bbc radio on friday . . .	1
so provided twitch will work with me i ll try to do a short stream for mgs ps on am eastern us time this tuesday .	0
i u m from salem mass and i just moved to plymouth so i u m starting on monday	0
tomorrow is the last day to win ed sheeran concert tickets so come to center court on saturday from . . .	0
feel for navas also basically being told your not needed by real madrid and then he may have to stay there	0
monday i am writting cnn amp asking why they refuse to let carly fiorina on the main debate stage ?	1
natash hastings th . jessica beard th . in at london grand prix . of the could be named to x relay team .	0
also it may take a few reboots before windows gets itself all together . that resolved some initial problems .	0
if san antonio continues to play like they did tonight with little help from parker in the st half no ginobili u c it u ll be a great season !	1
anyone fancy watching some harry potter on bluray with a dominos two for wednesday or what	1
finally sat down and got going on my homework and mary asks if we wanna watch harry potter . it s like she wants me to flunk out of school .	0
if sheamus has a concussion then randy orton may be placed in the cesaro owens feud . raw	0
what d you reckon to the game pal ? all i ve taken from it is that may is a gypsy maguire is a prick n bellusci is a baller .	0
an egyptian source which only says it s considered false . there have been videos also perpetuating friday s eid as wrong .	2
i just don t wanna miss anything it sucks waking up and realising that zayn came back to d and the th album is out .	2
 st i thought he was david ruffin impersonator . then i thought he was a backup singer for miguel . sn your c	0
im bringing the monster load of candy tomorrow u c i just hope it doesn u t get all squiched	0
just minutes to go for the apple event live 	1
david de gea presentation was billed for pm tomorrow . .if real madrid doesn t announce the deal before noon . .then the deal is off . shikena ! !	0
yardbarker announcing the november smashville express to knoxville	0
star wars sale at games republic up to off ! may the savings be with you .	1
settingt the closing line o u at superbowl for bagatelle shaded under u c line may move to jan st	0
some monday night inspiration for the weird side in you david bowie blackstar via	1
murray sprinting along baseline getting everything back to the south african . but rd bp saved .	0
zayn left the band on wednesday the last canadian show is on a wednesday my first day of school is wednesday i officially hate wednesdays	2
if kenny brought me some dunkin and a panera bagel he may be in running for the real mvp	1
amazon prime day is here ! more deals that black friday ! check it out .	1
today and tomorrow will be the u day . all the day my periscope will be dedicated about the u concert in turin . . .	1
i get to go see shawn on wednesday im so happy h town is going to be lit	1
hey washington senior ! have you had your senior portraits taken ? the deadline for the yearbook is january . . . .	0
world music festival is in full swing ! see you tomorrow evening in millennium park with the maria de barros at pm ! chicago wmfchicago	1
no movie tonight or tomorrow ! hope you enjoy the week and we ll be back on friday with paper towns ! 	0
ucla coach ben howland says josiah turner is a great player but he expects arizona to come together and play well thurs .	1
 nd the ryan budget was from many years ago u c most recent didn u t include that and mitt u s said many times he u s the president and . .	0
iran army monitoring all ships in gulf tehran u c oct a senior commander of the islamic revolution guard corps . . .	0
i just saw jurassic world for the th time in theaters and yes it was worth every penny	1
yo homie we hosting fights in philly on saturday if your around . . dana white gonna be in the building	0
 may in milan it was the best day of my life	1
because sunday just screams pancake day	0
happy sunday . i hope all is well . question do you find it as eerie as i do frank gifford died the same more 	1
i hear the mariners are following the past two releases of sharknado . sharknado comes out wednesday . gomariners statsarefun	0
 np bob marley the sun is shining	1
 capebretonpost news avril lavigne says after debuting spring line for abbey dawn she may make own wedding dress	0
shay with bentley and bella in their sunday best 	1
yes i hate okocha sunday oliseh super eagles coach sunday oliseh has finally laid to rest rumours that he . . .	2
obama has a k early voting advantage in nevada if he gets to k by next mon he wins if its less than k he loses in between is a toss up	0
kris bryant s th homer of the season gives him rbi and his second walkoff of the season . cubs letsgo wearegood	0
i hope hulk hogan is the rd member	0
 abs ! dancing ! dudes ! get along to magic mike xxl at the this thursday at . pm	1
cold pizza and mass effect . i want my leg healed ! ! going to look up some voodoo shit . i u ll be walking u c jumping and running tomorrow .	0
comedy central kicks off in singapore in the early hours of friday . and who better to lead the charge than mr stewart	0
striker louis saha signs a one year deal at sunderland and could make his debut at arsenal on saturday .	0
spending friday night with my main man charles dickens .	0
reuters iran will take reciprocal measures in response to any breach of this year s nuclear deal the foreign ministry warned on monday	0
just sat in on an hour long seminar by neil degrasse tyson . thanks college !	1
will miss ya on the red carpet tomorrow ! ! nashville	1
just bought dark souls too . i ll finished them even if it may put my laptop s life in danger .	0
home opener saturday at post game skate with team as they look for start . tickets at maverik center and	0
it s almost time for the new ft to reveal itself . we launch the new car tomorrow at toyota racing new zealand . . . .	0
excuse me ? cameron does dirty deals with saudi arabia may i remind you	2
wwe hulk hogan end tie after racist comment world wrestling entertainment inc wwe .n said on friday it has . . .	2
check out all of monday u s highlights in with the daily zap 	0
however conflicted i may feel about watchman s publication this is a hella great upside to it .	1
niall s little interviews were the highlight of this video not gonna lie	0
sbs k pop super concert on nov th in the united states u c with snsd u c ne u c t ara u c beast u c cnblue u c kara u c sistar cr tiarafact	0
j .k . rowling wrote the final chapter of the th harry potter book years before the st book was even released .	0
looking forward to ring in the new school year for aladdin . . .unc memorial hall sat aug th 	1
rattlestick recommends imagining madoff ! check it out on sunday at p at the jcc in manhattan ! more info at	0
i told my dad i m going to see messi on tuesday and he called me a bastard cuz he can t go	1
one of the girls from is traveling to the game from germany tomorrow ! help make her trip worthwhile ! ? 	1
jason aldean thursday who is going ?	0
second . he and chris evans are both slated for the second half . getting a feeling the war coming to earth may be part two .	0
also did you know march is pi day ? get it . ?	0
how much pi do you need ? you might have observed pi day on march . it gets its name from . the first thre . . .	0
trynna go to the movies today and see rise of the planet of the apes ! 	0
we re heading to copenhagen to play the roskilde festival . we play at am saturday evening . if your at the . . .	0
in a sense she did in the mma plus she was ranked th and dana white is in a state of shock . ronda has one more shot at her	1
see the best storage sds amp platform computing for virtual amp cloud deployments at ibm s booth vmworld aug to sept 	1
many ppl have to put religious beliefs aside when it comes to work jews muslims th day adventists etc . why kim davis think she special ?	0
no doubt george osborne dreams daniel craig will play him in the biopic . all dyed lego hair macho black jackets .	1
meet me tonight at cultural friday calle ocho miami . i m right at front of dominoes park by the tower . . .	0
its considered late as the stores have been selling xmas stuff since july . no love for halloween and thanksgiving .	2
remember you have to contribute in this calendar year . it s not like an ira where you have until april th . 	0
red sox score eight in the th where has this been all season ? ! these guys are having fun out there !	1
awww now it u s not non partisan u c c u mon . i mean u c david letterman slaughtered bill o u reilly ? not of fan of either but . . .no .	2
i hate mikey and vanessa . i hope tomorrow at the movies they run out of tickets and they have to walk all the way back home .	2
the sixers better smash the knicks on sunday .	0
totally just realized paul dunne won t get a cent of the . m first place prize if he wins theopen tomorrow .	0
come on a . dalton please give more than . fantasy points in the nd half ! ! and thank you vincent jackson for fantasy points 	1
happy national ice cream day ! ! my kind of day ! ! ! happy sunday ! !	1
grady harp top reviewer on amazon gave my st sophieandscottie book stars and the nd book stars . chapterbooks juvenilefiction	1
frank ocean s new album is rumored to drop tomorrow and i hope it does but i know it s not gonna happen	2
to make room for the new movies magic mike xxl s last showing is weds . the gallows inside out amp jurassic world s last showings are thurs .	0
damn . my two fav chicago athletes kane and d rose may be facing rape charges . hope neither is true . . .but if so . . .justice for the women .	2
but honestly i think miami may be the alabama of the nba .	0
we u re excited for trunk or treat tomorrow nov night at the boys and girls club in pottstown . it will start at . . .	1
the early returns on the iran deal clifford d . may the washington times	0
have tickets for great yorkshire show on thursday very disappointed with this weather !	2
have you got your tickets yet ? london u s newest whorehouse opens next saturday ! leicester square theatre	1
leonard martin category saturday not live movies with chris farley u c phil hartman or john belushi	0
got my dexter fix for the night . until morw night dexter morgan .	1
oh c mon . . how on earth is adam lambert not nominated for multiple awards ! ! ? ? he s far better than kendrick lamar ! ! grammynoms grammys	2
morning prayer tomorrow wed nd at theymca stoke . am for christians in the business community all are welcome join us !	1
we are not real barca or bayern that players would be ready to join the club as a nd rd choice . on what grounds would you bench coq santi	0
i just watched it ! sridevi u s comeback . . . . u remember her from the s ? ? sun mornings on nta 	1
comparing sept th to republicans . you don t think that s just a tad distasteful to the lives lost ? what a jerk .	2
it s monday ! get up stand up ! don t give up the fight bob marley bestinlombok happymonday monday quote . . .	1
you u ll find out sunday ! he u s in a match ! then an elimination chamber match for the ic title the week after !	0
idgt ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! school starts monday so i gotta be on it with that . . . .no time for distractions	1
honestly justin bieber s music could disappear of the face of the earth tomorrow and i couldn t give any less of a fuck .	2
 wwe summerslam seth rollins has become the st in history to win the ustitle amp have the world heavyweight title at the same time	1
so neymar being fifth and eden being th shows nothing other than barca did better than chelsea in the cl .	1
gucci bags heart resolution april foster the dichotomous yours critter friendly relations undergirding versus . . .	0
lollapalooza day one paul mccartney is in a feisty mood reports from friday day one at lollapalooza in . . .	0
now playing on urbangold u sunday bloody sunday s nothing but the best !	1
the plan is to go to disneyland tomorrow and wear either an ankle brace or my acl brace to get a front of the line pass committed	1
conor told dana white that he d knock aldo out in the st minute . . . he did it . wow .	1
apple ceo u extremely sorry u for problems with new maps source sunday u c september u c . . .	2
whoever is the dj for uc st s music choices has seriously been favoring katy perry for the last hour .	0
i may or may not have just dvr d the sharknado trilogy for saturday . can t wait to see what the hype is about . sorrynotsorry	1
watching david price and the blue jays on saturday night ! ! definitely jays fever letsgobluejays	1
nah bruh sasuke is my th favorite character it seems i hate him when i compare him to naruto cause i love naruto way more lmao	1
 . this is after both trump and scott walker call for th ammendment rights to be taken away from the children of immigrants	0
peyton manning is phenomenal in the th quarter . broncos outscoring opponents in the th quarter . espn	1
in days barcelona will play the st ucl group stage game of the season at home vs apoel . it will be messi s st opponent in europe	0
rt state tv requests join israel gas deal trial to the one today under judge ahmed refaat . next we ll add amanda knox tria . . .	0
had it worse . sat through a hour train with young teenage girls singing one direction and ed sheeran songs .	2
those like carly fiorina or elizabeth may who complain about debate criteria or formats should arrange their own . it s a free market .	0
lady gaga out and about in new york city december th 	0
 nd half of the merseyside derby .	0
looking forward to becoming a tories or indeed ukip leader one day . . . . . . .	1
hope woy mixes it up for the game tomorrow i d start butland rooney in the role behind kane . bring vardy and barkley on when up eng	0
i haven t hung out with deron since sunday i feel like i havent hung out with him in forever . footballboyfriendprobz	2
i may never get the it girl that is amy schumer shrug 	2
justin has been my bitch since the th grade	2
i want to go to the smb tomorrow but worried i will oversleep been sleeping through my alarm	2
it s star wars day in the llc tomorrow ! don t miss it ! ! wheatonnorth	1
chris evans may just as well have a wank and be done with it .	0
david wright strikes out looking in the th inning with two outs and runners on nd and rd . now on the night .	0
no . even if you david beckham sitting under that hot ass sun with that dollars suit you should still be sweating	0
no doubt about that . i may get the halo xbox since my bro wants mine and i have for once . . .	1
at the bootleg the last weekend of september . next thursday what u re you up to ? white arrows at the echo	0
 shinji kagawa held a coaching clinic for students on tuesday to support children in areas hit by the japan earthquake .	1
i wish i still had my ipod from ages ago . i had much better taste in music in the th grade	0
literally so excited i m going to a sam smith concert in october	1
naruto is the way to go man . new episode tomorrow !	1
come celebrate india s independence day at new jersey s official india day parade on august th pm oak tree road in the iselin sectio . . .	0
not sure if you ve seen yet but dallas keuchel and miss usa both went to same high school bishop kelley in tulsa . st time ?	0
part of me hopes abbott does it b c i believe it will blow up in his face if he singles out christians . it may take time for him to see why	2
david beckham has revealed speaking to queen victoria and says the loss of her record may just spur her on to win it back . queenelizabeth	1
let s not consider how awful tomorrow s commute with the additional foo fighters traffic will be blissfulignorance	2
baseball game with brentley tomorrow goddoesgoodthing we r . back	1
go conservative w yd offense u c then kick ball to best player in acc when it u s only way you can lose . that about sum up tob u s th q ?	2
tom cruise movies on zee studio tonight at pm mission impossible tomorrow pm war of the worlds	0
demba ba is rated as u u to make newcastle united u s trip to liverpool on sunday u c with the striker nursing a calf injury .	0
which song reminds you of your childhood ? seasons in the sun cover by nirvana . disturb . . .	0
rory mcilroy on top of the world after beating a resurgent tiger woods at the honda classic in flori	1
scott walker support has also dropped significantly down from pre debate . now tied for th with huckabee . tcot gop	2
with a win last night u c the norfolk admirals tied the american hockey league record with their th consecutive win . fantastic stuff .	1
snsd jessica koon with a view opening party oct girls genera . . . via yellow dress	0
sunday july th is national ice cream day ! come to cold front and get a free mini cone with any purchase ! icecream	1
hey slackers ! tomorrow is the last day to register to vote 	0
fuck everything i will go see paper towns tomorrow and nobody can ruin my day	1
 arsenal amp mcfc are linked with a january move for real madrid s isco	0
because after a while you catch yourself eating meatballs on a friday during lent u c and you don u t care .	2
i hate you kanye west and if you become president u may be assassinated i hope	2
fri sat hyatt regency indian wells ca fitz kjjz . fm . come join us for the grand re opening party in . . .	1
remember exit polls where democrats who vote may not vote democrat this happened reagan vs carter . reagan got of the democratic vote !	0
i guess it s safe to say we ll only see beyonce s performance tomorrow in sa madeinamerica	0
iv been watching films all day and i m off to watch ted tomorrow with a few mates x	1
ima ask for the day off ! im not gonna miss watching breaking dawn for our th month anniversary ! 	1
 new icon . i may just be changing icons a lot as long as jennette uploads pics cause she is just too beautiful	1
rt end of an era rt rt andy rooney will make his last regular appearance on this sunday . . .	0
gotta get up hecka early tomorrow but i m just gonna stay up and watch naruto	1
what los did on that nd verse of gucci gucci still makes me rewind the track just to rewind it back .	0
harry s touched both lima and niall s dicks in public i think he keeps forgetting about the th member	2
cattle market to be set up at super highway from aug karachi in connection with eid ul azha the cattle m . . .	0
good morning gavin ! welcome to my country . have a good time in gampel . sorry can u t make it tonight but will see you monday 	1
i m a j . cole fan and a little bit of a kendrick lamar fan but i never listened to black friday . . . gonna live tweet and listen to it .	0
tomorrow night years since we ran the very first carols by twilight in webb st narre warren . don t miss it . . .	1
michael marshall shot the hell out of the hannibal finale . this movie rules . loving maddin monday 	1
tomorrow will know the nominees from phoenix film critics society hopefuly tihty gets a nomination mtvstars lady gaga	1
 nov selena gomez with amy schumer the th annual glamour woman of the year awards in new york city	0
it s almost july and someone says they hate taylor swift and this girl put on a batman mask and started lipsyncing it i think i m in love	1
everyone is at different levels but you will always find something even the tiniest thing in islam that a family member who may not be	1
i m so bored in nd i just bought some stuff on amazon	0
i could take you to venice beach and watch the sun set or i could take you to the blippers game court seat	1
an gay man though may not be cr !minal ne or m re less had m re than an n rmal l !fe epxerience in the pasta .	0
abreu just missed an opposite field homer . got a fastball up and the white sox in prime position to take the lead in the th .	0
football gunners wld always go on about arsenal s white v black composition .today mufc fields black players .difference is mufc pays better	0
today its the october . five years ago on october the first wizards of waverly place episode ever premiered on disney channel	0
i just became the mayor of sun cellular sm sta . mesa on	0
good night everyone tomorrow the sos fam bandanas and red x s on your hands for ashton ashtonweloveyou sosfamilyishereforyouashton	1
rt curtis painter is totally going to get lucky tonight probably with another girl that looks just like him	1
gucci trousers atman conviction may bring up the match your implicative avant garde elevation against supporti . . .	0
i ll be there during the week and imma get gucci for th ! !	1
i look forward to sunday s big brother so we can find out exactly what the actual fuck just happened in that double eviction episode . bb 	1
bbc sport nfl bbc agrees two year deal to show live games amp highlights from november ? ? what s the point !	0
it may cost more but the new moto g is still a damn fine smartphone . full review 	1
could basically be a female brock lesnar type but the standard of competition would have to be higher st i could see it happening	0
me amanda going to new orleans in february for mardis gras 	0
left to right raven logan beast and jean grey . it may have been the best valentine s day ever . i volunteer at the spca 	1
may or may not have just found my old ipod w jb mariah carey amp kelly clarkson on it	1
this offer ends tomorrow ! get dustin johnson to finish in the top at or jordan spieth at when you join 	1
vanilla bean ice cream sandwich with chocolate ganache chandler may	0
selfishly need a good hutch outing . anything less may mess with rotation amp the perfectly planned out david price start in la next friday .	0
i just offered to bring someone taco bell for lunch tomorrow they denied me whodoesthat ! ? you should always accept taco bell ! always	2
broadcasting tonight at pm edt . more mgs v the phantom pain ps . . . tomorrow will be destiny ! ps heroofgaming	0
david bowie famously sang that we can be heroes just for one day . but it s a monday and i ve got stuff to do so it ll have to wait .	0
can t wait for tomorrow . . . won t have to hear about sharknado anymore .	1
could you guys tweet me big time movie on october to remind me thanks . . .	1
i wonder how the st day of school is going to be at berkmar u clmao	0
k guys i got tot get some sleep for istep tomorrow and see of my crushes cant wait and we r going outside luv u guys thanks for the	1
vegas beat ellen reveals that madonna helped her come out of the closet tuesday u s episode of ellen featured th . . .	1
brook lopez the nd best offensive center in the nba he not ass	1
okay i m going to bed . rt for a solo dm with shawn ! ! mbf ! i ll be giving them out tomorrow goodnight	1
you two may fight like cats and dogs u c but you u re completely head over heels for each other . you two are like allie and noah in the notebook .	1
is t ara done promoting or are they going to be in inkigayo tomorrow ? . 	0
sir has already declared it on july that jkd would be on july as yesterday it was rd of eid .	0
join us this thursday fancy frank s for national hot dog day freedogs in support of the torontobluejays care . . .	1
can t wait to see romo die tonight .	1
here s one from sunday night at the miss usa after party . the bottles frozen into the ice are a special version . . .	0
obviously kendrick sorry frank the disappearing act ocean	0
thursday night fantasy draft friday day charlotte football viewing party friday night jason aldean saturday ecu sunday lkn !	1
tomorrow is grateful dead night at the stlcards game ! don t miss performing after the game	1
btw i m ok with gay marriage but the st amendment which guarantees religious freedom trumps gay marriage	0
aquib talib for a th round pick is larceny . good move by the patriots .	1
yoooo if niggas in paris comes on more than once on the th u c might have to plank for whole night . . .	0
when you start listening to black friday by kendrick lamar more than tale of cities by j . cole	1
add to the results federer over djokovic and lewis hamilton and it s not a bad sunday at all !	1
rt alexis sanchez of course i d like to play already on sunday against real madrid . it s true i wanted to join in the us . . . .	1
selling my jason aldean ticket ! ! ! need to get rid of it by friday leaving for vacation !	0
nigga saturday were going to a farmington hills party ! ! !	1
rolling stone named obama the th best snl cast member of all time but i don t think he was better than david spade .	0
its not that i u m a gsp fan u c i just hate nick diaz . can u t wait for february .	2
if it u s the iowa vs . indiana game u c we may be the only two there ! ticketsareprobablyfree	0
four days to the nightwish gig u c then evanescence on tuesday next week . life is goooooood .	1
sorry i didnt update much for tonights show but tomorrow shawn open for the tour in houston !	0
i just learned that july is national ice cream day . must celebrate ! frosty paws for all ! that s as close as i m getting to ice cream 	1
i m so bored and all i can think about is donny on loose women tomorrow	2
january trip to boston to see the knicks vs celtics in the boston garden !	0
nah it just moved to youtube !rolling stone may be the one dying !	0
pondering what todo with this mb raspberry pi sat on my desk ! got the other two doing radio tasks !	0
good morning edmonton ! it s friday ! ! we hope you have an amazing day . this is what you have to look forward too yeg	1
do you fancy coming on a tour of the bbc at mediacityuk ? there s availability on september 	1
this friday we are mixing tumblr with twitter u c ah well .	0
wilt chamberlain claims to have slept with more than women in his lifetime . chuck norris calls this a slow tuesday . 	0
 common knowledge ! first it is under development that aided the growth of boko haram . you may call it causality .	2
check out siri on the iphone s may be always listening for your voice 	0
olivia and i were so confused curtis was going to be the move tomorrow	2
if i were queen for the day i d knight antonio carluccio for bringing us such fine fare to pinner long may he reign . fantastico	1
the christmas party is one week away friday night december at the curtis home . please bring a festive . . .	1
beautiful sunrise at the washington monument taken by 	1
end the myth of rape culture . kurt cobain may have written rape me as an anti rape protest song but . . .	0
may not agree with gay marriage ! kimdavis has been married times but yet has the right to tell someone not to marry ? huh stay married st	2
like a good neighbor state farm is there . . .with a check for the damage to my truck . . .hopefully tomorrow !	1
 . . .private suite for four chicago white sox with jeff samardjzia autograph baseball sept vs minnesota twins . . . .	0
join us this sunday on the terrace . . . . we u re taking it deep all the way filthy rich u c deeafro u c rob maynard u c dj . . .	1
here until pm today ! then romo is off to skate with the saint lunachix vs st . chux derby chix at queeny park tonight !	0
by andrew both greensboro north carolina aug reuters tiger woods had his best tournament in nearly two years but it was still not	1
sigh . not really huge news in my opinion but don t get me wrong i m excited for rousey amp holm in australia and seeing it sooner than jan .	1
did i read the barons schedule right when it said we play the dallas stars at home on sunday ?	0
rehearsing for nov just called jim leyland to congratulate new york giants on their victorious baseball match sfgchamps p 	1
finally saw the galaxy foams in person on saturday . . . let u s just say smmfh ugly ass shoes !	2
sorry red u c i u d normally love to but i can u t . i u ll be locked in the office saturday and sunday except for the pacers game .	2
jennings being used in higher leverage situations in to face mauer with escobar on first and one out in the th . white sox	0
coach presents . . . an friday november . in association with ace of clubs . support from hix and niall . . .	1
emilyyyy ! ! can you please message natasha and tell her to be at calle tomorrow at ill wait there thanks	1
salman khan is known for blocking eid dates for the release of his films but with kick he may pick an . . .	0
lemme check askjeeves . ooh how about an la rams game ? you know what ? this info may be dated . . . just take em to venice beach .	1
sat down to play xbox remembers i have to make lunch for tomorrow . lousy adulthood interfering with with my mindless entertainment .	0
but idk when i m gonna get around to hannibal and i know wonderfalls is just a season so i may just tide myself over with that	0
attn hicksville tiger schulmann u s finally has it u s power back ! classes will resume as normal tomorrow . we . . .	1
i find that kendrick lamar is good to listen to when you re out on a friday night driving for uber . sing about me is a cut !	1
hi im kate on the th pic she s my internet besfriend i want to live in niall s ass so i can go w him pay golf	0
oh he using the racist dog whistle trump spews . notgood	2
i m not a huge fan myself but you know murray will probably comeback in the rd amp th set knowing him .	1
make any day valentine s day with your loved one ! spice up your fri date with our authentic indian and . . .	1
interesting that gregg williams u affadavit was just signed on friday .	1
 iwillneverunderstandwhy hot jam is on a monday shit dont make any sense	2
brilliant mins for in the mersey derby . not a bad game for st goal . . . .	1
frank gifford was monday night magic behind the mic always	0
may as well pay your t .v licence direct to george osborne as the b .b .c . seems to be an extension of the tory party s manifesto . . .	0
paddy mcguinness on this morning continuing to show the old stereotype that broadcasters from bolton have to shout all the time .	0
chargers pre season game with the seahawks on espn thursday . only pre season but still good to have nfl back on tv . chargers	1
i ve a livestream on google this saturday if you re interested tweet below .	0
tgif ! and what better way to spend a friday than in the best apartments in waco ! come tour and you could win a gift card ! thehype lease	1
why did they have to make hot jam on a monday ? ? don t they know ppl work during the week . hotjam	0
just found out the craziest things about drose s knee injury . he injured his left acl as did i april th he injured it th i got surgery	2
federer breaks the kohlschreiber serve ! ! federer is on red hot form amp doesnt look like stopping . fed leads in the st set usopen	1
ed woodward may have fucked real madrid over by sending the wrong file format what a fucking man he is . legend .	0
is kendrick lamar on course to be the st artist to top p k s song of the year music vid of the year and album of the year ? good if so	1
i really just tweet on wednesday thursday and sunday because of big brother but other then that i don t tweet now .	1
even though this is sad i mean manslaughter and caitlyn jenner in one sentence is the funniest shit ever .	0
cue the christians in the comments those oblivious to gwb carnage just in homeland . 	0
who going to jouvert tomorrow ?	0
who wants tickets to the red sox tomorrow o clock game two tickets	0
dana white gonna wake up tomorrow morning thinking he got super drunk because his bank account is half a billion dollars lighter ufc 	2
it may be old news for you . just watched your series of big brother on youtube . gutted you never won . xx	0
then tomorrow is your day gay	0
exactly it s all because rupert murdoch s empire tells the people who believe everything they read in the sun to vote tory	0
if pm modi is for us he must ban th december muslims procession against us	2
real madrid first bid for ddg was on monday shows dy neva want him seriously and dy sign some players and leave ddg late	0
who would go see with me at dar constitution hall on sunday evening ?	0
want to learn about amazon web services ? how about ibm s cloud offerings ? join me at atlanta cloud saturday on 	1
 burdwanblast is no mean small incident ! state govt may not co operate with the nia but this incident has invited raw agency too benga l	2
sitting at home on a saturday night doing absolutely nothing . . . guess i u ll just watch greys anatomy all night . lonerproblems greysanatomy	2
maybe he got briana pregnant on the th kys sam ur not funny	2
i have a feeling there u s going to be quite abit of transfer activity spurs tomorrow	0
having the ny marathon on sunday is like having a parade in raccoon city right after the t virus went airborne .	2
my nd favorite in the brazilian nt and sa chelsea pd . happy birthday d and sa uban pa naa sa lista mehehe	1
win a book of choice from book depository ! open internationally if the book depository ships to your country !	1
when ppl r going crazy about the st day of bpl zlatan s just being zlatan . buy his . . .whatever that he s selling ! !	1
fake democrats lose in wisconsin primary recalls all six fake democrats lost to democrats supported by the party in primaries tuesday that	2
saturday sapt . saints end of summer birthday bash . cookout n some brewskies . then it s time to start planning our infamous winter jam !	1
for months after charlie hebdo the government did nothing worse yet it lied .	2
they tried to pull a fast one and say today is margarita day but that is false . we may be drinking margaritas but it is not margarita day !	2
they finished with total wins . that was the nd worst record in mlb leading to the selection of kris bryant in the draft	2
best birthday present ever ! im going to see ed sheeran this thursday edsheeran amaliearena	1
jr got selected to the pro bowl team and the season not over yet ! ! ! ! one more game saturday than playoffs .	1
i think every friday im going to tweet yay degrassi tonight . getusedtoit	0
sicily may form grand coalition italian udc party leader agi rome on monday rocco buttiglione the leader . . .	0
just more days until copper river salmon is here ! arriving monday to the market .	1
happy birthday pope francis ! may the almighty god bless you always and keep you strong for all christians !	1
paulino with an infield rbi single ties the game at . headed to the rd .	0
if your on xbox playing some rift tomorrow do you think i can join plz plz	0
 my brother in islam may allah make the trials of being a revert in this world easy on you . much love for you	1
she is entitled to her stance on gay marriage but she may be in the wrong line of work now . she had one job .	2
if spurs sell vdv plus modric leaves they may as well save us the wait n just join the championship .	2
due to cancellation of the great yorkshire show harrogate hwrc will now be open tomorrow . for more information visit	2
this is what happens when you have evidence against tony blair	0
dave coker has got a couple new signings in the squad tomorrow night and has dave cull and sam smith back in the squad ! sfc	0
soak may have overtaken sam smith as the shittest artist currently in the charts	2
tomorrow fc toronto vs liverpool ? are you go at stadium ? today napoli won a vs bayern ! ! scored pandev u ccannavaro u cinsigne !	0
get to manchester at tonight just sat in milan airport now ur flight go okay ?	0
hate to say randy orton is underrated but too many people sleep shit on him . had he been in cenas spot wed have seen yrs of great matches	0
getting to know super earths pasadena ca spx oct if you have a coin and flip . . .	0
i wanna go see the zac brown band this friday .	1
gavins currently a mini van we are going to abelardos and there is nirvana on the radio . what is monday night	1
went to a flat party on tuesday cos it was hustles halloween party . . .didnt actually make it to hustle though drunken you ?	0
musictimes gt janet jackson monday night in vancouver janet jackson returned to the touring circuit once again wi . . .	1
probably gon be able to walk in the store and get dem gucci foams tomorrow looks like they ll have a lot of pairs . . . .	0
the john hancock building is lit up green must be to celebrate that tomorrow is six months to st patricks day let the countdown begin 	1
waiting for the highlight of my thursday night celebrity juice nolife	1
if i can get one muslim to agree killing of muslims is the responsibility of muslims . i may help .	2
we have sympathatics who opposed the death sentence specifically for yakub because he may have actually . . .	0
you nailed it ! get d tickets st to beyonce s concerts ! get	1
late upload from the bears game sunday beardown the georgia dome	0
sandy messed up the great feeling of the redskins u c cowboys u c an eagles all losing on sunday ! giants	2
gay dogs may make you horny but just pan lions makes you cum	0
this pizza has taken over an hour . . . there s a foo fighters concert here so they may have trouble getting to the house ffs	0
thank so much for joining me tonight ! have an excellent weekend and i ll see you monday ! iron maiden misty . . .	1
austealian s may support euthanasia even gay rights and a republic but the current pm will ensure it doesn t come easily . qanda	0
i u ve never seen the movie precious so idc that much about her but this guy . . friday night lights and grey u s double whammy !	2
may just have had the sweetest dates ever wish i was talking about guys but no eid treats are the best .	1
it really sucks how teen wolf are making more videos in january but not now all well ! i guess i ll just have to wait . . . . 	2
what frank gifford passed away ? my condolences to you and your family . may you feel the lord surround you during this time	0
today was my country s independence day went to the festival n they played american music the whole time o o ? ? what the he ll is the point ?	2
john cena may not be able to beat seth rollins but at least he can stop a boulder and saved scooby doo rekt	0
i was watching ex ministries videos today and found out some shocking news about michael jackson !	2
happy friday ! just because national hot dog day is over doesn t mean you cant still have hot dog recipe fun with . . .	1
might see jurassic world again tomorrow . it s the last day to see it and it s ty s birthday so . .	1
federer is about to be done with his match in the same time the th set of the hewitt vs . tomic match takes !	1
hillary looks as comfortable dancing with a child as she is coming out of the closet .	2
even better just found out that i won tickets to sunday s stl sd game via the t mobile for sweepstakes ! thanks and	1
how immature can you be calling danielle a stunt beard december girlfriend ? like he s way happier with her than eleanor or briana . .	2
max martin just notched his st billboard as a songwriter . only paul mccartney and john lennon boast more leaders as writers .	1
this boy got some beats gucci bag versace sun glasses and is taking the damn train . . type of shit is that	2
my good friend william is planning to revert to islam may allah make it easy for them .	1
cav ! see you tomorrow sa sm sta .rosa ! ! 	1
this is the st halloween my kids didn u t go trick or treating . . . kinda sad they are too old for it now cuz i . . .	2
everything under the sun is a weapon against muslims !	2
kpop may be known in us and uk but here in belgium we have never heard of it before .	2
i ll be live streaming the sad giants fans via this saturday night at metlife after beats the giants again . jaxvsnyg	1
this got several lols and if mum s allergy test goes well tomorrow i may play it to thor when i bring him home ! . . .	1
the question now for america is how low you can go first trump now kanye west kim will officially be the st first lady to have a sex tape	2
sorry if you are sick of hearing this . . . but in january transfer window do you think arsenal might try again for benzema ?	0
well i m going to see justin bieber in march ! ! ! ! merry xmas to me .	1
i think i may be the only person alive who prefers the grateful dead s studio albums over the live ones	0
ahhh so it s hillary s st characteristic steyn cited that must have attracted bill	0
whoaa well during the breaks i bee in dallas so i might visit you in november december march thee summer .	0
dustin johnson will pound the driver on monday and must make big putts early . spieth will handle the pressure . watch out for goosen .	0
real time with bill maher march poor white conservatives from mississippi p	0
and that s runs on hit here in the th for the white sox . . . . . . mariners	0
are you going to disneyland on the th for dapper day ? !	1
it may be gloomy today but that doesn t stop national hot dog day to be placed on hold ! stop by the leasing office to enjoy some franks !	2
sunday funday is lunch and magic mike xxl with the ladies then swimming ! channingishot gimme	1
i m sure you d like it it s like an action packed anime they just remastered the th game on ps and she s playable c 	1
on wednesday afternoon the yankees took out their bats and began to wreck things in a win over the red sox .	0
who is ready for big brother tonight ? who do you think well be the next one to go ? i have heard rumors may shelly or vanessa ? any thoughts ?	0
loooool phones a myth . in venice today going to nice in the morning then going barca on saturday for a week . also send money	1
it really makes a woman happy to have almost in her paycheck meaning she can spend at least in disney world . leaving tomorrow ! ! ! !	1
serie a juve win th straight milan booed reigning champions juventus burst back into the serie a title rac . . .	0
thanks again for tix to last nights passafire show ! bout my tix to the rndm show for tomorrow night !	1
late rting this ! she guest stared on teen wolf and big time rush beach movie ! she from the troop .	1
breaking news caitlyn jenner may face manslaughter charges in fatal car accident .good he ain t above the law .make him pay .	2
and yet i have yet to see the whole series of naruto episodes . . . facepalm this may take a while . . .	0
my youtube review of the new hulk hogan dvd has views already and people commenting i may have a collector s item on my hands 	1
unfortunately negative . go time is the opener at prince george .	2
can t wait to hear the huge pop for brock lesnar tonight despite the fact that he s facing the undertaker this sunday . raw	1
its a muslim youth . . don t forget the power of muslims . . we proud our country . . . . . .	1
 even when you u ve bought your th investment home with harry styles and sakina calls niall u sayang u or u abang u cause they kahwined omf	0
the twitter page of the woman who just won the miss usa pageant tonight only has followers so you may have a chance still guys .	0
ta lg spectrum ice cream sandwich will start rolling out tomorrow starting tomorrow owners of the lg . . . android	0
great photo exhibition everything was moving photography from the s and s untill jan barbican centre	1
and i feel life for the very first time love in my arms and the sun in my eyes mtvstars lady gaga	1
at noon today u c you u ll know why youcount tune in to abs cbn to see the st tvc of the biggest d u brightest bpo employer in ph convergys	1
last night when i told my dad he d be hearing about the premiere tomorrow if he watched e news . . . certainly didn t imagine like this 	2
 minutes in and the team behind edge of tomorrow have crafted one of the few movies starring tom cruise that i can stomach .	0
barcelona face a defensive crisis when they host granada on saturday with carles puyol knee and gerard pique foot both sidelined .	2
yes we k ow for the th time today . kris bryant hit a walkoff .	0
fantastic four tomorrow will it be as good as ant man we ll have to see	1
today in photos courtney love shares sweet throwback with kurt cobain via	1
listening to poetic justice for the st time dontjudgeme	0
good morning tressa ! hope that you have a fabulous friday !	1
rt it s a sunny sunday . how about taking the valentine out for a spin ? it was designed for . . . 	1
fire damages buddhist temple at skorea s mt naejang seoul oct kyodo a fire destroyed the main building of . . .	2
i ll do the luke and calum dms tomorrow and i might throw in a liam and niall one so follow and turn on notifs to be updated 	0
only reason is be scared of gay is if u hide your true feelings i says it s hate and fear u may have thoughts of why do picture anyone	0
i have a resting bitch face that would make wednesday adams jealous	2
got to rockdale today and going back to houston tomorrow thank god !	1
ohh i just checked his facebook . it s suppose to release on the rd day of eid .	0
getting very very excited for the birdcage tomorrow at derby !	1
happy th monthsary slaniesse ! ! wishing you guys more more months and years together . stay strong for slater and deniesse ! 	1
let s go for yoga ! every sunday morning at buddha mind monastery ! free amp open to the public .	1
boko haram are so evil . even on this sacred day for all muslims they are carrying out bombings . may the hottest part in hell be for them	2
aaron rodgers totally did the a .i . practice ? routine for the media today . it must be good to be a champion packers	1
this nigga in friday look like the guy who played ice cube in straight outta compton	1
the chap is in his nd season of a year deal . he has done the business at barca and munich and i m sure he will do it for us .	1
aaron rodgers may be the best qb in the nfl and he is still improving yahoo sports ! nigga fuck with my teamm	1
are you coming to iot day october ibm cisco fitbit microsoft and speakers and demos . free !	1
august i m playing a los angeles charity event at bootleg theater . . .mia kirshner of vampire diaries heading it up . come out !	0
just watched most of movie u cmissed the st min .s u cbut . . .i thought y j was in it !looked like him u csaid chris jericho in credits u cbut . . .nah ! 	0
curtis can take her essay and shove it where the sun doesn t shine finalsweek	2
i am now watching sharknado for the st time . this will be interesting	1
hahaha dead . trump talks about the real issues	0
friday night . got new red lipstick . i just put it on . i have nowhere to go . lying in bed listening to fleetwood mac w lipstick on . lonely	0
 notbb so my job gave us labor day off but now they are tryin to make us work saturday	0
news on brock lesnar at a live event which may air on the wwe network details . . .	0
i may or may not be in love with ice cube s son	0
ii believe from my distant foreign nation that tsipras is the sort who who may achieve high diplomacy someday . he is no coward .	1
mar to aug zquad faced many problems got hate zroughts . still this fam always stood up for zayn . proud . pass it on	1
reminds me of the best night of my life . rt am in dallas	1
if look at nates numbers u c it u s due to increased chance in oh . good o poll in fl may have helped too .	1
it s friday and time for the freakinweekend fridayvibes music janet jackson got til it s gone dr . mad remix 	1
made in chelsea is definitely the best thing about a monday	1
guess who s going to see foo fighters on tuesday ! ! ! ! ! me 	1
you may have sold your soul to the devil . . . but your ass belongs to brock lesnar ! ! !	0
lemme see st outing with the lovely ciara we gonna do italian meals french wine amp back home milan kids rich life .	0
just wondering when you ll have the new moto g rd gen in stock and will it have the gb ram or gb ram option . hope it s soon	0
this is from january during the charlie hebdo memorial not tonight . people are staying indoors right now .	0
at bolton th form college . . . a level celebrations for tonight include watching a dvd and staying in with the dog a bottle of vodka wild	1
not the best but everything is decent amp good enough in moto g rd gen . also new camera setup is a huge upgrade ! mymotog	1
taste of tremont national ice cream day . this may be the best day of my entire life .	1
after the disappointment of the draws an og bust it u c i u ve gone for away wins tomorrow including the mersey side derby .	1
the apple event starts minutes after i get out of chemistry . i may be sprinting back to my dorm to catch it in time .	1
saturday links teen president edition plus one direction s first music video without zayn stream the new be . . .	0
white sox take the lead on csn !	1
due to football making cif u c the spaghetti dinner has been moved to monday u c november . dinner served at u c performance starts at 	0
aaron rodgers good in the th qtr but too cautious overall ?	0
someone commented on black friday by kendrick and cole and wrote once i saw these niggas looking homeless i knew fire was on the way . lol	2
the fact that i have no plans tomorrow night it u s my last night in fl for a min 	2
i can not change yesterday . i can only make the most to day u c and look with hope toward tomorrow . anonymous 	2
derrick rose may be the worst at doing press conferences he can t talk to save his life	2
well dustin johnson isn t really in contention but that won t stop him from royally screwing things up on the sunday of a major .	0
i just sat here watching videos of zayn . i never realized that i miss him this much .	1
on the one hand george osborne amp theresa may . on the other scott walker amp donald trump . clowns to the left of me jokers to my right . . .	0
rt celebrity juice tonight pm itv . hurrraaaaah ! its a back to school special lt yayyyy	1
connor mcgregor will lose saturday and that combined with the ronda rousey loss may send dana white into a deep depression aldovsmcgregor	2
good morning and welcome to another wonderful wednesday ! thanks to labor day we re midway through the week . . .	1
woosahhhh it u s courtney ! long time no see from st lady !	1
 asking for a friend who is going to lolla for paul mccartney tomorrow . yes me . fingerscrossed	1
ha i just saw this . . made my sunday . . also zlatan is really good at soccer norris	1
after knocking out some fighter in the nd round u cmuhammad ali walks up to him and says you ain u t got no biz being in the biz swag	0
pit bull fans celebrate st annual awareness day animal lovers of all kinds gathered at the buddy holly recreation . . .	1
my friend and brother today with super eagles coach sunday oliseh after the wembley win . .oliseh was a guest	0
scott walker is too brave to have an opinion on the th amendment .	0
it s thursday so a new naruto comes on today ! . . .but it s only a filler	0
from monday sept new library reading club for reception to year from . . pm with mrs bolton the school librarian .	1
i have pavilion seats for the jason aldean concert this friday if anyone is interested please dm me	0
vic has a bias for action . he may need to do more work on strategy . inside the failure of google via	2
may natandaan ako sa kanta ni sam smith na im not the only one a .k .a woo	0
duke energy ceo jim rogers spoke publicly in raleigh for the st time since the merger with progress energy . ncpol	0
actually today was yakub s birthday . i wish him many many returns of this day . may he hang in hell too . ! !	2
we will be closed this monday u c february th for presidents day . if you need access to your account over the . . .	0
tina fey and amy poehler are going to host the golden globes on jan . hyperventilates 	0
messi i ll see you tomorrow don t worry	1
bob marley vs james brown mashup will make anyone feel good on a dance party saturday on goto	1
tiger woods rocking the red polo on a sunday with a chance to win the tournament . doesn t get much better than that	1
final iu u c northwestern . indiana finished the b g season at . we await saturday u s result to see our seed in the b g tournament .	0
we pray for unity among christians may all who bear the name christian work toward healing the wounds of the body of christ .	1
i remember in th grade when i was in love with green day and my mama bought me like all their albums lol she was the real mvp	1
i d like to go see eric church tomorrow . friends make it happen	1
hey guys tomorrow is now national ground hog day u c i hope to see you all post about it ! ! hahahaha	1
kerry russia has lied about its activities in ukraine secretary of state john kerry said tuesday that . . . fox 	0
if you see me tomorrow i ll be by dunkin sitting by myself come find me	0
dustin johnson will be awesome until he needs a ft putt on the nd hole come sunday . folds like a lawn chair under pressure . pga	1
remember the st of july when i had weeks in maga and leeds festival to come and had not long before seen the stone roses theglorydays	0
exactly sat back and watched his people being killed and blames it all on the ira	2
going to dunkin for breakfast w rhianna was the best choice i could ve made on a monday morning	1
i m going to see ant man . wednesday august at in newport spytty park cineworld	1
so wait twitter decides if april lives or dies ? it doesn t make sense . . . but then my husband reminded me this is sharknado . sharknado 	2
ideally i need to find someone who is going arsenal who can collect cards after match or collect from london on the thursday	0
mariah carey i really haven t paid attention to madonna since about like th or th grade when she used to be popular . melhor shade	2
york football staff member has leaked that york s goal is to score points against us and leave in st string for the whole game true	2
airasia aborts deal to buy indonesia s batavia air southeast asia s top budget carrier airasia said monday it has . . .	2
conservative logic terrorists ? kill them ! . . . domestic white terrorists ? oh they re just standing up for christians and nd amendment .	2
i can grantee you that niall and camila are not dating . i mean you don t just ask a girl out randomly at a concert when you sat her once .	0
look she may be there for the moment but rih will always be in his life so she is irrelevant tbh	0
brock lesnar reminds fans why he can beat the undertaker this sunday at summerslam .	1
kris bryant belted a two run walk off homer with two outs in the ninth monday night to power the cubs to a . . .	0
want to see the most sap hana certified storage solutions visit ibm at sapphire now . may in booth 	0
lady gaga appeared to momentarily regret her choice of evening wear on saturday night as she attempted to . . .	0
can david wright make some spot starts ? pitch the th inning ?	0
 news why sami khedira is the piece ac milan are missing carlo ancelotti may not be coaching ac milan anymor . . .	0
if someone wants to take me to the sam smith concert in october i wouldn t even be mad	1
louisiana gov . bobby jindal spoke from just outside a lafayette movie theater after a deadly shooting took place there thursday saying he	0
fyi ! ! ! prince george s county council chair mel franklin presents the th annual prince george s county family . . .	0
not the easiest of shots but murray may end up really regretting hitting it long to fall down in the nd set .	0
nlc procurement team will be attending the north lincolnshire business network meeting on october at the kingsway centre u c scunthorpe .	0
scott walker s answers don t even qualify as gop word salad more like mystery red meat with a side of jello in the sun ! unintelligible .	2
to my dc friends ! saturday is the living earth festival including an organic farmer s market native american . . .	1
that s a wrap for the weekend ! mika and chris brown finish in p nd in class in the intermarque championship	1
a rumor popped out about an concert in kyiv this february . i wonder how true that is . i m so going if it s true though .	1
did you see that paul mccartney is coming to columbus in october	0
so uriah faber not frankie edgar or jose aldo will get the st crack at conor mcgregor . is it me or are they just building him up .	0
murray holds to and now anderson leads in the nd set . anderson will serve for the set for a nd time usopen	0
wwe may be staged but brock lesnar is just a monster . he nearly made an nfl team with no football experience	0
her political interference last yr may not be on bbc but we all remember what she did .	0
jason russell the man behind kony is going to be on oprah s next chapter next sunday . this should be interesting .	1
when will you get gb ram version of moto g rd gen model ?	0
get your sweat suits ! it u s november and its time to lax ! practice tonight u c game at tomorrow . fallball	1
just like the final shot in the the shining . rembrandt may have painted john belushi . rembrandt belushi	0
grand bend patio drinking while the sun goes down .	0
stupid view completely one sided . do you think we enjoyed media bias on yakub death sentence ?	2
how may ffs do you want for shawn and normani ?	0
scott walker lets handful of reasonable muslims remark stand in attempting to make a point friday about how . . .	0
john carter xd y mira que me cae bien taylor kitsch desde ke vi friday night lights al final he visto series strike back y fringe .	0
schumer pairs with schumer and rousey may be a movie star ! tonight on trending .	0
us deal with turkey over isis may go beyond simple use of an airbase erdogan arms isis amp nato allows it !	0
i have a genius idea for your face the sun video . think giant mariah carey fans color cortex and glory . let s work on this	1
shawn will be in norway on september th for a contest with to get him to perform at your school	0
sooo i might go to laidback luke on friday with nessaaaa . we going hard 	0
obama in new jersey today says he is there for them . however tomorrow he must head to vegas again to campaign with eva longoria ! sorry !	0
tryna be more than temporary u c love you everyday like february . i u m tryna make us soo official like loverboy	1
paul dunne might get ireland out of this economic crisis if he wins tomorrow ! theopen 	1
star wars day at the rma ! may the force be with you ! ! !	1
 tv music live hour bbc music tue aug am chris hawkins presents fleetwood mac at the bbc s paris theatre in london in . .	0
are the big hst sets innocent going to be on an xc one saturday	0
ferry schedules changes with end of daylight saving time daylight saving time ends at a .m . sunday . . . seattle	0
i may have no clue what i m doing with my life but i have batman underwear so . . .	0
oh and p .s . big adidas warehouse sale tomorrow if you u re interested !	1
if you want more books to read during the summer months u c then go to book swap at starbucks u c landmark on tuesday . . .	0
fav this and wait for it prandelli will leave if galatasaray will lose against fenerbahce this saturday .	0
i refuse to go to school tomorrow because it s still july until frank ocean drops his album	2
berkshire s buffett says bought some ibm shares in q cnbc new york sept reuters warren buffett the . . .	1
mashasha sam will play rich mix u c london on nov to launch film africa watch the trailer with music by mashasha	0
 kca votejkt id briekc happy birthday beyonce see you tomorrow	1
only dance i m surprised didn t make the th sytycd anniversary show was the garden . i bet mark s kpop one replaced it . still got mark !	0
all failures of us in the me is bc security of israel comes st and nobody even trump can not change this !	2
harry during louis amp briana s wedding if tomorrow you won t be mine won t you give it to me one last time oh baby let me love you goodbye	1
any word on the gate and set times for the foo fighters show on thursday ? thanks !	0
the wait is over twitter are you drunk ? star wars day is tomorrow .	1
solido costumbre duelo intocable with migz . th grade all over again jammin 	0
i literally have waited my entire life to see chris brown and it s happening tomorrow like i m seriously gonna cry	1
nah i m prolly jus gonna get the gucci foams that come out on friday	1
so the real question here is . . .is ben affleck coming to the camp out tomorrow or nah ?	0
why couldn t i have heard about the frank ocean spotify shit tomorrow or something 	2
inbetweeners top ten moments tonight d followed by their road trip . good night of t .v ahead !	1
evgeni malkin doesn u t play again until the th . this nhl lockout sucks u c i can u t watch games that are being played in russia .	2
sun is shining the weather is sweet . . . bob marley 	1
my sources in ethiopia tell me that de gea is a real madrid player . the deal was completed and the player will be presented tomorrow	0
us open anderson ends murray s hope federer wawrinka rolls on new york sept kevin anderson the world . . .	0
i feel like so much happened on the vmas . kanye taylor nicki and miley miley released new music . . the news is gonna be cray tomorrow .	1
queen u s brian may says freddie mercury biopic is on the way . sacha baron cohen will play the role of mercury . via	0
a midweek storm on the horizon ? be aware as this storm may bring significant impacts to new england 	0
welcome back david wright ! captain american homers in his st at bat back with the whiparound	1
oh my celeb big brother is back on thursday . time for the annual game of who the fuck are you ? cbb	1
i think that this hoh will straddle into the next big brother show on sunday at c on cbs	0
she really likes those twilight films but she clearly gets some sun . toddntylertanlinetuesday	1
wr brandon marshall said tuesday that many players in the nfl believe race played a role in tom brady s game suspension being lifted .	0
nothing wrong with that . busy day tomorrow with white sox baseball and the heat ! !	0
tom segal u c pricewise of the racing post u c will be on tomorrow previewing the big races on day one of york u s dante festival .	0
rare picture of kendrick lamar in the booth spittin black friday	0
think laurent blanc may be the man to beat this season . . .zlatan flanked by di maria amp lucas verratti motta amp pastore matuidi in midfield	1
walk into work see john cena graffitied on the ground . . nice . tuesday	1
oh its a name mash up of of my favorite song stay away by nirvana and hold on till may by pierce the veil 	1
still playing tgif playlist on spotify even if it s already saturday haha	1
wetherby reading club . sept . . pm wetherby library . places are limited . please contact the library for details 	0
from here on out i will no longer celebrate the pagan holiday of thursday thor s day 	2
sick quizling jew lies again about israel . in other news the sun is also rising today .	2
yeah manchester folk love paying for richard leese s meal ticket whilst he sucks up to george osborne .	0
brit model reveals all about threesome with justin bieber the sun	0
dallas folks we have extra tickets for ed sheeran on sept . suite level platinum parking each . let me know if you want them !	0
anyone want to take a ride with me to atlantic city tomorrow ?	0
i went to the wwa tour on august th and it was so amazing lt i hope you guys come back again i love you . . .	1
aw man !my pre ordered blu ray copy from amazon doesn t get here until the th !i should have just gone to the store !	2
dana white is about to make bank this saturday	0
the prince is announcing something with oceans north canada qia on thursday . he will also meet the premier u c iqaluit u s mayor etc . cbcnorth	0
we are hoping for the september th . just waiting for approval from apple .	0
did you know that doug wead and jeremy richter u c the short film elektable out june u c is going to be doing a . . .	0
alert vice president joe biden will be speaking at the jcc tomorrow . road blocks and major traffic is expected . . .	0
rt mariners drop cactus league game to the whitesox . return to peoria tomorrow to face colorado on http . . .	0
i had a dream abt going to wwa tomorrow	0
hope kevin frandsen is taking rd base for the phil u s	1
i may not be religious anymore but i m really convinced that donald trump is the antichrist	2
see tomorrow on my blog . paris fashion week day viktor rolf show pfw givenchy alexandermcqueen par	0
 year old signs with real madrid and will start september th just announced on what ?	0
good morning dallas ! sunday funday ahead with yoga brunch and ty ku sake . who s coming ? ?	1
boko haram alliance with isil may have destroyed any glimpse of a dialogue via bokoharam	2
let s not toss the term around . is ira organised bastards with an ongoing agenda . which may be the case here but we don t know	0
pll halloween episode with mcdo fun friday night ! ! ! !	1
the philippines has just passed a law worse than sopa .	2
it u s my little sisters th birthday u c evelyn u s being a big girl for the occasion 	1
have a islide blck satn silvr iphne case since aug thru amazon . love it but pwr bttn cover came off day . how get a replacmnt case ?	1
just read your blog on valentine s day cracked me up think you may be a good follow !	1
amazon has opened an online store for black friday days before the shopping event is scheduled to take place . haha this is war !	2
my mom changed the channel in the bottom of the th to the food network and i missed kris bryant s walk off . she sleeping outside tonight .	0
 nd worst qb . definitely tony romo . the man who likes to share the ball with everyone . including the other team .	2
make your way to hilton hotel and grab your tickets for this coming monday even make reservations via this link	0
also tomorrow on you ll find my review of ant man . that s right bitches i actually saw a new film at the cinema !	1
here s my line of d fiber mascara that i will be selling younique . message me for any info questions you may have !	0
ruto s last words you may forget me but i ll never forget you . 	1
billy crystal attends the special th anniversary screening of u the princess bride u at the new york festival	0
who wants tickets to wednesday night s dress rehearsal of aida at winspear opera house ? be one of the first to . . .	1
when you have the best boyfriend ever . . . . back stage passes to eric church in september	1
hmmm . .thinking that now is a good time to win the lottery . day in vegas and cruise in may . . .decisions to be made !	1
i completely forgot about prince george s nd birthday and i have never been more ashamed of myself	2
how do you think tom brady will play this thursday on tnf ?	0
kanye west will perform the entire s amp heartbreak album on september th at the hollywood bowl in los angeles .	0
scenes when benzema walks out of tunnel tomorrow along with higuain m vila zlatan pele and maradona . lets smash hammers ! ! coyg	1
ahah he u s a year older then me u c the cool thin is that he u s born on australia day and i u m born on the th of july i think	1
i u m thinking of an outfit like nick the lounge singer bill murray from the old old saturday night live . maybe a sherbet tux ?	0
i ve bitched enough . rt cbs says andy rooney to make his final weekly minutes appearance this sunday 	0
i m at the point of drunkenness where i lay in bed and eat plain tortillas while i watch twilight zone reruns . it s a wild fucking saturday .	1
that muslims flock from around the world to join isis is not surprising . we may not consider their actions great but they assuredly do .	2
more footage from the studio where bullet for my valentine just finished up recording their upcoming th album . . . .	0
town hall with gov . john kasich in west lebanon new hampshire on wednesday september . . . john kasich in w . . .	0
i feel like just yesterday louis was and harry niall liam and zayn were 	0
oh man . seth rollins is going to be on in friday and it s my day off 	0
the bbc are asking if last night u s carling cup th round tie between reading and arsenal was the greatest cup tie of all time . honestly .	1
fiorina urges republicans to face reality on iran deal white house hopeful carly fiorina said monday it s tim . . .	0
that u s it now for u c life doesn u t star again til march when paris nice starts . tour of qatar in feb is quite jolly though cycling	1
rick santorum doma is constitutional . the st amendment protects my religious freedom to force the government discriminate against gays . 	2
spending my sunday night singing ed sheeran in my dorm room and enjoying every second of it	1
school is a lot better on game fri pride day	1
snow is normal in the northern half of the state such as flagstaff ! i just met with u .s . senator july here !	0
i m going to ben sollee at lexington opera house in lexington ky dec 	0
i can tell man i m going to zac brown band on saturday that should be fun as hell .	1
buffalo bills u kyle williams misses practice thursday for a second straight day u c buffalo bills . . . bills nfl	2
remember the british ? sun never sets . now it s a soggy island getting overrun by muslims .	2
it looks like nicki may be very small in person . well small with a big butt lol .	0
this why people don t believe anything hillary say this person will soon take the th	2
the red sox just melted down in the th to allow the jays to win so we thank you for your sacrifice	0
july is national hot dog day a celebration of the humble wiener . we are proud to celebrate them on this occasion !	1
this saturday . . . i am there with younique . . and also . . allthe rayge . . enter in to win the raffle to win a free . . .	0
are you ready for sunday ? to beat randy orton ? ! ? ?	0
brought for the love of food live to eid in the park on sat mk amazing audience	1
wow ! ted was funnier than we thought ! looking forward to tomorrow . . . reaping the jacket !	1
tom brady to step down tuesday morning from new england . states pressure is just too much . resigns to his family . updates tuesday .	2
 thailand parcels packed with ammunition and illicit drugs were friday intercepted at songkhla s hat yai post of . . .	0
if i have to read another article about how amy schumer is a feminist icon i m going to fucking toss myself into the sun	2
computer security firm sophos confirmed on tuesday suspicions that mac computers around the world ar	0
i talked to an rep that carly fiorina may have trained and he was excellent . pm in ontario and i had my new unit before noon next day .	1
rt cowboysandaliens watched it last night cowboys indians plus aliens too brilliant western with a touch . . .	1
happy birthday to writer stephenie meyer december author of the twilight series .	1
playoff weekend starts tomorrow . knicks vs . miami . and you know this !	0
black dude just set civil rights movement back yrs . dr .king is rolling in grave wishing he u d called in sick that march in dc . xfactor	0
isn t this like the th of th reset of hillary s campaign ? hillary clinton to show more humor amp heart aides say 	0
waww i wanna have it rt wow ipad got just today free lol www .burna .in fgye	1
you staying up for monday u s game . don u t fancy our chances with krul u c colo and tiote missing	2
election calendar we ll see whether tsipras s policies have boosted extremist parties or the left as he claims .	0
i m so sorry to hear of the loss frank gifford . losing you best friend is so hard and sad . may the lord hold you in his hands .	0
sat here on my birthday listening to would be great to get a shout out from you guys dave grohl legend ! ! !	1
 demthrones jon snow was spotted tues in belfast with another popular night watchman where got is currently filming . . .just sayin !	1
yep u c mavs started before racking up wins in . of course they also flamed out in the st round against golden state .	2
looking to enjoy your fall in the raw ? join marni and carol belmont for an inspiring evening at belmonte raw wed night !	1
thanks you have made my friday ! ! who needs a nature paper when your figures are on abc !	1
nicki is gonna open with trini dem girls on the pinkprint tour in south africa on the nd leg	0
travis shaw hit his seventh homer wednesday versus the white sox . redsox	0
i am going to milan tomorrow with my family .	1
but they make up for it in amazing rd party support . and there are a handful of good st party sony games	1
caitlyn jenner may face manslaughter charges but on the bright side her new vagina could still be tried as an adolescent .	2
both real madrid and manchester united will push for the deal to go through tomorrow but personally i don t think the transfer will happen .	0
 st they re trying kane amp now derrick rose . yeah ok . i call bullshit . lie detector tests should be mandatory when it comes to rape charges .	2
somewhere in kerry last night . now back up to dublin for the night before going back to leeds tuesday .	0
we have an encore screening of magic mike xxl this thursday at pm at rainbow cinemas ! you don t want to miss . . .	1
soooo jealous of everyone going to the ed sheeran concert tomorrow	2
you off to cork ? have lots of fun safe trip u c you u ve done a lot since your st meet at eurosong haha	1
christians should be the most happy and cheerful people . . . so others may say what makes him so happy ? saved happy straightouttaofsin	0
ibm systems technical university come visit the ibm global training providers ibmstu ibmtraining starts sep	1
jason will prove himself again tomorrow when he sells out stadiums in more record times .	1
why does jeff foxworthy host are you smarter than a th grader ? he isnt even smarter than a th grader romney 	2
lmao . i feel like kevin hart clappin hands . . .real talk keep talkin shit imma smack the shit out you ! you ever go night night nigga ? !	2
htb mob pbc strife defeater living with lions and the bronx today . aaawwh yeeeah hevy yeeeeahhh	1
so cabinfever isn u t as good as the st one . . .it u s better than taylor allderdice tho	1
sunday oliseh super eagles coach says he has no problem with his predecessor . . . pulse nigeria supereagles	0
localiez magazine sep oct issue featuring the bachelor s jessie sulidis is up and ready to be read ! have a puruse . . .	1
can t decide if i m more pumped about the crowning of a new miss usa tonight or the all star game on tuesday	1
are you fucking stupid ? you can t talk about sales when mariah carey outsold bey with her rd album please stfu damn	2
on nd thoughts let me watch the repeat show of styled to rock ! why am i not in this episode u get to design for kanye west cha x	0
i m going to start yoga with tomorrow !	1
clearly the battle is for nd place as bill pullman s speech in independence day cannot be trumped .	0
lance just left u c dinner with the fam was great . managed to watch napoleon dynamite and the devil inside . long story short wonderful sunday .	1
no . ucla defeats no . washington . syracuse now controls its own destiny to be no . in the nation playing at louisville tomorrow .	0
tonight u c obama was the buffalo sabres and mitt was the dallas stars . it may not seem right to . . .	0
looks like brian cushing and arian foster will be ready to go for the houston texans on thursday night ! wearetexans	1
on the evening of july paul mccartney was introduced to john lennon for the first time .	0
march th is international women s day .april st should be international men s day where they would brag like any other day of the year	0
chancellor angela merkel planned to discuss europe s migrant crisis with her coalition partners sunday as . . .	0
just watched catching fire again for the th time ! jeffery wright josh hutcherson jennifer lawrence . . .	1
thanks ! drop an email to info regarding bookings . see you got teengirl fantasy tonight amazing band !	1
first vin diesel then ice cube now back to diesel . . . . . .why are people still paying him to make movies ?	2
the only nd coming i u m interested in is bringing his wrecking ball back to the uk hisalmightybruceness	1
got to love these three dedicated days of laziness . back to gyming it up tomorrow . before ant man .	1
worse thing about saturday morning tv ! the omelette challenge pointless and annoying tv u c even james martin looks bored !	2
god only knows . elton kylie chris martin jools jamie cullum brian may etc etc . the bbc always drag up the usual shite don t they ?	2
david price test the marketplace in free agency c mon man	0
thor will have sack up in april when he watches the royals raise the ws banner on opening day . want tickets ?	0
first his young you cant use his stats . nd shu khas milan ? doesnt mean that was good business wt they did .	0
extra zac brown band ticket for friday is anyone is interested ! ! ! ! you get to sit with me and my sisters 	1
microsoft brings outlook to apple watch microsoft made a bigger push in the wearables market on thursday but . . .	0
how yall feel about the gucci foams that are dropping sept th	0
the songs i want to hear most on sunday are rella u c la bonita u c radical and 	0
this gives me all the feels right now though . taylor swift back to december	1
gonna talk to the pretty girl tomorrow and see what s gucci	1
haven t you heard zayn an louis got married in thailand . just ask the sun	0
my oldest niece was born in september . it s almost always hot on her birthday . p .s .went to the lake for labor day weekend amp melted	1
can today already be over with ? i am ready to go to murray state tomorrow ! ! ! collegevisit 	1
the th amendment was passed when homosexuality was a felony . obviously it does not pertain to gay marriage then .	0
 news tina fey creates a buzz and will host golden globes with amy poehler monday u c it was announced that comed . . .	0
lol how me evelyn u c uly u c and jerry were talking shit about that one portrait in st period and it happened to belong to the girl next to usxd	0
tory tells sky news airstrikes may not be enough to make syria peaceful . may have to send ground troops	0
idk i just wanted to make convo since my phone is kinda ruined because pool and i m using like a rd generation ipod lol so	2
picture is from january after the charlie hebdo attack .	0
the latest player to join the as is david price he signed with the jays on the th of july hope that helps !	1
so happy david wright is coming back tomorrow ! ! ! hopefully he an stay off the dl . another big bat in the lineup ! ! ! wrighttime lgm	1
hulk hogan isn t a racist . and if he is may god strike me dead ! roddy piper	0
i ve been watching gilmore girls for the past hours . oops happy thursday !	1
last push ! last day of training before the break ! then i u m off to bkk on thursday ! !	0
thank you u c very much appreciated u c hoping to deliever great football tweets and good banter u c shame about tuesday u c i do like sunderland	1
colts defense should dominate the bengals and likewise offensively . excited for sunday ! coltsnation nfl	1
anyone willing to stalk shawn with me ? in houston tomorrow	0
aah i love this night . watched thor again with the husband and we get to sleep in tomorrow before all the cooking begins .	1
swan newbie duo steph amp bentley hit the stage tonight for another massive friday night live !	1
i still sleep with the teddy bear rob gave me for valentine s day my senior year and i m starting my junior year of college on monday ! ! !	1
gary ablett polled nd or rd his team finished last . not all about the team . jobe has improved grown so much over the yrs	1
so if you have to go to work on a saturday what better way to start the journey than with nirvana ?	0
hello is it true that george osborne is visiting speaking on friday lunch time ?	0
dont look now but brook lopez had pts rebs mins in st game back from foot injury over weekend . mins tonight .	0
after witnessing it i now realize i ve seen amazon prime day every saturday for years . . . .we call them garage sales 	2
sam smith just canceled his concert for tomorrow . i m soooooooo pissed	2
democrats want to throw anyone in prison for disagreeing with gay marriage .	2
today is international fasd awareness day and september is awareness month . please take the time today to google . . .	1
 st day no poppers no cigarettes this is for rella gona b hard .	2
yes mam !better google it ! you know some people dont have any work amp may create it as a big scene !thiz happening for many celeb .tc	0
to be fair i do like your current chosen charity as nat will be having our second kid at the womens tuesday	1
fuck yes the girl scouts just came to my door . and i may or may not have bought ten boxes of thin mints . . . .	1
well they stole josh hamilton from the cubs ! why not schwarber too ? !	0
mt syria deir ezzor mohammed al saleh was martyred due to the shelling of the city . tuesday october .	2
four lions in on this sunday . have to record that . still not seen it yet .	0
amazon rentals . they ll charge you till the end of december but you can extend the time you use it	0
changed her mind ? she bailed on st pattys now she def needs to come ! im thinking about leaving after work on that friday ?	1
mason behind kane and dier in the midfield . more like a pre season line up with everyone getting a game . season starts on september th	0
watching make josh hamilton whiff is a wonderful wonderful thing . c mon	1
you mean st ? and okay you u re gonna have a hard time persuading people that you dont like tyler with that name	2
my st fantasy team is the hurt boys . dwyane wade dwight howard john wall derrick rose .	0
i u m getting off work tomorrow . then coming home to watch the heat win and talk shit .	1
tomorrow i u m making the journey to selma to celebrate pastor appreciation day nanny u s birthday . better see you there	1
will testdrive the new nokia n phone with our newest app starting on thursday 	0
fri oct sonic highways is on hbo tonight also new episode of girl meets world on disney	0
i u ll see you monday fancy coming to a nerd convention in dublin on the th ? d	1
carly fiorina most likely joining the primetime gop debate . bravo .	1
as much as it may sting and as little as you may want it to be true tom cruise is still a hell of an actor . . . . .	1
beat demon souls . if there is a black friday sale i will pick up dark souls otherwise might just get dark souls 	1
no roommate you may not get on xbox live at midnight and talk deadass loud with ur online buddies when i have an o clock in the morning . .	2
just realised i ll be going to see foo fighters this time on tuesday i m so excited !	1
 baqiya family ! plz follow n support our dear brother in islam ! may we all stay united with him bi thnallah	0
black friday by kendrick is probably the best song i ve ever heard	1
idul adha is the feast of the sacrifice major festival greater eid . it s the nd of two religious holidays celebrated by muslims .	0
if she did the us may be at war with iran right now .	0
friday is the last day to early vote in maryland . i u m q . please join me and vote for question . votefor 	0
good afternoon on a beautiful tuesday from the unseen high angle view in hat yai !	1
hope you have a blast at and daughtry tomorrow night i am going next saturday i cant wait binghamton ny here i come	1
bbc sport change of shirt . change of plan all change ? andy murray takes the rd v anderson htt . . .	0
just think the chip inside apple watch is equivalent to several mainframes from the s era !	0
liam said at metlife that they were going on a one year break after their th album comes out . 	0
 nd dyz acid black cherry dir en grey dog in the pwo kiryu maximum the hormone nightmare plastic tree satan 	0
the latest ireland s paul dunne turns british open into amateur hour with stunning rd round . . . ireland . . .	1
tomorrow from worst waitress to top food critic shares her dining tips kanye west s pitch for the white house mtvvmas	0
nikki walker will miss rugby world cup on account of the knee injury he sustained yesterday v italy . details on www .scotlandrugbyteam .org .	2
we suggest you upgrade to windows . see andre s post to troubleshoot any issues you may run into .	1
great seeing u . i u m host of google hangout romneyrally wednesday of u want invite let me know lynndebate	1
saw straight out of compton x this week . i can watch it again tomorrow and still be excited . gain so much respect for ice cube	1
amazon prime summary great if you order loads of stuff sunday delivery home essentials with now . prime video is a nice bonus .	1
tiffany u c cnblue u s yonghwa and b st u s kikwang mcs for the sbs k pop super concert nov via magicsnsd	0
bad blood drops next friday ! hyped ! theghostisneartour is in gettysburg tonight so come hang !	1
johnny lennon is going to ask paul mccartney and mccartney s right love to be based in jerusalem for the july th apple time event .	0
bloodbeast returns to the stage with killatoria and new act predomination . join them this friday at black dahlia . . . .	0
granted conor mcgregor is an absolute beast . but we are still yet to see him do it on a wednesday night at stoke .	1
 fridayfun ! jay z s got that friday feeling have you ?	1
tomorrow soas students will have a day of solidarity and symbolic action for ghoncheh ghavami	1
off to bed with sexy mr man u c tomorrow morning watch out galveston here we come just made jello shots	0
magic mike xxl was even better the nd time	1
see you tomorrow at sm bacolod 	1
lady gaga and taylor kinney look like the real life cinderella and prince charming in nyc via	0
i think pardew started the craze off sunday ! ! ! ! ! collocini compared to bobby moore	0
i have a date with christian kane and the leverage team that i recorded tues u c then the finder u c sexy ! u c have fun u c night night xx	1
who u s into astrology ? and i mean in depth with it not just sun sign astrology . in other words able to do natal birth chart readings ?	0
sits down with a sunday conversation with the big bang theory s johnny galecki . tbbt	0
dear what calender are u following ? the upcoming monday is independence day . oh i almost forgot . for you it s july th no ?	0
ice cube s wife how s ur screenplay for . mil opening wknd grossing film friday coming ? cube lol it s funny straightouttacompton	0
 st scott walker dismissed blacklivesmatter then he dismissed muslims is he being self destructive or preparing his exit speech ? byewalker	2
 climate cutting it close a warning from islam by bill mckibben via	2
so my moto g is now scheduled for next thursday . lame . originally today now a week later . how long does it take to get to nj from shenzhen ?	0
 nowplaying michael jackson she u s out of my life live at wembley july . l .o .v .e it ! mjtunes	1
agree . celebrate it like diwali eid and christmas .	1
and on the very first play of the night aaron rodgers is int d by udfa cb brandian ross who returns it for a pick six touchdown .	0
palace warns of commoners dangerously close to prince george . may discover he s just human	0
at a friends wedding on saturday so wont get to watch win the wbo title . best of luck fella cant wait to see you back at whu	1
monday s booksbeneaththebridge is hosted by discussing to kill a mockingbird and watchman . don t miss it !	1
ant man was the st time i didn t stay for a marvel film s post credits scene . the film was just one big teaser . didn t need to see another .	2
a group of little kids acting out the first ever black friday is this going to be rdj amp chris evans acting it out	1
black friday x kendrick and j cole oh my goodness i can t stop playing it	1
tues nas ft . olu dara bridging the gap . good story telling . music	1
 ufo aliens black triangle sighting in pompano beach u c florida on october th basically it blended wit . . .	0
bahaha ! love that idea . you could have a tornado and sun in the tree and curtis face be the star at the top 	1
who s coming to the beatport festival july th to dance there asses off ! shannon leto on twitter 	1
black friday on itunes . holiday album . under the mistletoe by justin bieber	0
watching makes me want to go back to italy so badly . . . may have to settle for digging out antonio carluccio s book tho !	1
kris bryant is th in mlb in war as a rookie . love when people say he s having a bad year	0
this is only the th time wearing my concords	2
alright . g u night ! tomorrow i will be in california . the next day i will see bigbang with my own eyes . no pressure on the sleeping now . p	0
thank fuck it u s friday . fresh supply of rohypnol u cice cold bluewkd u s in the fridge . any blondes thinking of going out ? gie u s a shout 	1
was there a specific reason you guys stopped doing kpop music monday ? feel out of touch with kpop since you stopped . 	2
ed sheeran tomorrow ! ! ! you ready to be up close and personal with my future husband	1
hahaha just to mitcham ! thank god ! yeah it s usually a thursday but i ve got a week off now for shans bday 	1
rt today very rare day when democrats will get healthier on their club for growth scorecards than most republicans .	1
our contest is being featured on blog for pi day friday ! check it out here ! and enter to win !	1
going to sleep early so i m ready for tomorrow with the cab evermore and maroon 	1
can t wait to see my boy mitchell fight th dec at excel . anyone want tickets message me . ricky burns fighting for title	1
at the th international hispanic awards in indian wells .	0
happy to see kendrick lamar nominated for a grammy . he may not win but good to see the best of us getting recognized	1
tim roth will be playing in a movie with jean dujardin . i . . can u t . . ok u c i may pass out now .	2
baker mayfield may have the starting job at ou but trevor knight will always have that shoutout from katy perry .	1
 bluejays score update currently in the bottom of the th inning trailing the red sox . bluejaysbaseball	0
thor the dog loves tuesday night d amp d .	1
next sat u s kids u club film is the lorax with more fun u n u free activities before the film from am u c film 	1
bobby jindal and i may not agree on much but it was wonderful to have him join us on and i stumped him on brady bunch trivia	0
time into colbert show before st full trump segment minutes and it s the first full segment 	0
 isaac newton was only when he discovered gravity man messi was when he won his st balon d or . .	1
nicki amp tay may be friends but i m still not a fan like was nicki for real about miley this is too much for my emotions im so confused vmas	0
they may be running against each other in the republican presidential primary but wisconsin gov . scott walker does not think texas sen .	0
i don t think i m going to jouvert tomorrow .	2
jack and the beanstalk banner outside of the winspear opera house first public performance oct 	0
miles just hit a matched by gerald green . . .indy is a deep team . . .good test for cavs tonight . . .down half way thru nd . .waiters returning	1
i may do jiujitsu but i ll punch you in the fucking face .	2
gonna watch goon for the th time now	0
in the fog somewhere near milan . . . iphone train milano landscapes winter trees fog silhouette sun	0
can you spare your tuesday night october nd ? ? ? i certainly wish i could make it ! nekromantix supported by . . .	1
according to reports lions rookie rb mikel leshoure was carted off field today with a left leg injury . anyone surprised ? ! ? !	0
happy swift day ! lol that s probably the th time i said that ! haha have a great day everyone 	1
national ice cream day is this sunday . be prepared to stay healthy with this delicious ingredient recipe .	1
we re live with the st episode of i hate myself mondays . each week we play bloodborne or dark souls . . . and weep .	0
just a reminder if you voted tory in may youre still a fucking selfish twat months on	2
the nd ya novel in a row i ve read with the main teen obsessed with nirvana . ha ! jumpedin carnivalatbray grungeteens	0
well u c it was going to be tacos and teen woof and derek feels night u c but may have incepted me into watching justified .	0
the us is so weak iran is now letting uranium fall into the hands of the russians . makeamericagreatagain	2
kendrick s was straight . but check out my boy j .cole alright remix . these the top rappers in history .	1
this too cute puppy show on animal planet might just be the greatest thing ever . i may never leave my room . homeworkcanwait	1
nodarioty happening tomorrow night at neighborhood theatre . put it on your social agenda to come out support your local artist ! ! !	0
black tacks on another run in the th courtesy leiff clarkson s rbi triple . black in front of red bottom 	0
team rita u c oh you fancy huh ? nd place u c trophies u c eatin u at the blackwell nd place u c trophies u c eatin u at the blackwell . oh you fancy huh ?	2
it s all gucci my water bottle exploded on me monday	0
dashboard will always be the best . . like them since th grade before all the lame followers	1
iran s job is easy . . stop building nukes . . stop executing christians and dropping gays off the th floor head first .	2
ramdev u s jailed aide u s pic with freedom fighters at ramlila new delhi u c aug controversy erupted at the . . . india	2
come meet with the family of christians tomorrow at grassy church of christ in arab al . bible study at preaching at ! churcfofchrist	1
assad continues to bombard homs the th consecutive day mobile ntwrks off the th day mjr battles around baba amr syria	2
may or may not have just signed up to do morning yoga at the sleeping beauty castle hehe	1
mate u c how are you lads enjoying andy carroll over there ? can we have him back in january ? we u re a bit desperate !	0
i got really excited for the cosplay cover of thor tomorrow and then i remembered that kevin is on issue 	1
signing off for shabbat shalom . may the jewish state of israel continue to be a loving amp peaceful place for all .	1
my mate in turin has spare ticket for u gig tomorrow . i was going but we had a baby this wk ! any f fans in monza want it dm me . genuine	0
begin your monday with the new iron maiden s single speed of light eddie is back !	1
what confuses me is that briana was literally fuckin pulled out of louis ass in like may and like weeks later she was pregnant 	2
i m at a madonna drag queen night to prep for the madonna concert tomorrow night . i don t even know what my life is anymore .	1
 rd round co leader amateur paul dunne shot a to finish in th place after realizing he is amateur paul dunne .	0
sema kicks off in las vegas tomorrow . our friends over at built up this wildcat for the gbc . . .	0
finally pre ordered the new iron maiden album book of souls can t wait for september th that cd is going to be blasting around my house	1
hey a few questions follow up from yesterday . st did you unblock my google account ? nd are we on for todays pre debate ?	0
did you ever think in your wildestdream that you would be going to see taylor swift tomorrow night at minute . . .	1
vice president joe biden on wednesday was scheduled for a miami speech on the importance of community colleges . . .	0
i hope bernie sanders is a sun and the other two are shooting stars or black holes .	1
me and a daddy deano went to see sting and paul simon . blokes behind us talked for the st mins . absolute dicks . why ?	0
did you know ? tony romo has the best winning of any qb in nfl history in november minimum starts . dallas will beat the falcons sunday	1
love like hers on dvd and blu ray from nov th with lots of extras inc . host and that day pre order here limited	1
if empire is the starting point then our history is the history of rd of the planet . nkrumah gandhi marley it all becomes our history . .	0
what promotions are you offering for national hot dog day tomorrow ?	0
camo or nascar the choices i must make on white trash wednesday u c i mean america day . . . .	0
news alarm matt adams b stl matt adams went for with a home run a walk and an rbi on thursday in game of the nlcs .	0
who wants to go see beat canada s rugby team tonight in glendale co ? send them off to the rugby world cup the right way ?	1
rt four lions tonight on c . pm . watch it if you haven t already f cking hilarious film .	1
what a sunday this could be ! english to beat the french and wiggo to wrap up paris nice isn u t too much to ask for is it ?	1
also ace time with the uni ladies . saturday in stonehaven barbeque magic mike xxl tons of food . . . hips hurt from all the walking though !	1
don t miss the town hall with presidential candidate john kasich on july st for click for details kasich america	1
good timing . we need you there to keep an eye on erdogan . . .	0
curtis left thursday s game vs . ash with minutes left in the st half and didn t return after suffering a lower leg injury .	0
you know soundset was the shit but i don t like this sun burn	2
kirko bangz comes to thursday night ! ! get your tix for the show 	1
writing s on the wall by sam smith will be the spectre james bond theme coming out september th .	0
reminder country fest shows kenny chesney and jason aldean tonight and tomorrow . expect heavy traffic in south walpole and rte . areas .	0
of course pottstown has to be ass backwards have off school on the th instead of tomorrow !	0
me and my beautiful daughter back in april mother s day shoot with the lovely jo rutherford x	1
unlike mel gibson chuck norris didn t get drunk amp quot one night amp quot and spout off remarks of anti semitism he does this every thursday .	2
mmaweekly radio tuesday miesha tate u c ryan madigan and the best debate in mma debate front page miesha tate	0
they re working fine on my part . it may have to do with the weening off of google 	0
may allah destroy you oh enemy of allah for your enmity towards muslims ! what muslims have done to you and you don t leave us alone o kafir !	2
i just finished my super psycho sweet part . i ve loved the whole series for made for tv movies they re actually good .	1
happy th birthday to one of my favorite boys u c zachary ! he u s growing up so fast u c he u s almost as tall as me .	1
so hastings entertainment is playing the entire new lenny kravitz album . i may take my time at this place . heckyea	1
pictures mariah carey out and about in porto cervo sardinia italy aug beautiful italy mc lambily	1
may brook live under the shariah in saudi arabia the rest of her miserable life . allah akbar ! ! brookie girl lol	2
expect light moderate rains over e . visayas cebu u c bohol u c samar leyte have chance of rains tonight ! expect fair weather tomorrow ! 	0
since acquiring david price on july the blue jays are and have scored runs exactly per game . nesnstatsandinfo	0
f . gary gray was asked to direct friday by ice cube after he directed his classic video today was a good day 	0
wi . gov . mansion now a waffle house scott walker decides he doesn t want to repeal th amendment via	0
in my dream last night zayn came and sat down next to me at one direction s concert and i like gave him dirty looks the whole time	1
who s tryna got see ed sheeran in on the th ? ! ? ! ? ! ?	0
the disco balls are being polished . . .are you ready ! ? ! this thursday night ! join us at the adrienne arsht center . . .	0
hope he dumps his gay porn stash first kentucky clerk says he may die fighting gay marriage	2
welp guys . this is the last sunday with no football until february th . valentine s day . let s enjoy it while it lasts giantsnation	1
i feel like going to see paper towns when it s out tomorrow	1
got it monday first with cyril tuesday last with kerry wednesday second and friday fourth .	0
the weeknd and ed sheeran made a song together . . .yep today is definitely friday . and it will be a very good day .	1
man united expect to keep david de gea beyond january and don t foresee real madrid coming back for him in january reports the guardian .	0
friday is pi day gonna get round on pi day . . .	0
zayn s how it goes but i know in the nd bse chorus is pure sex .	0
want to see lana del rey in london so much in may !	1
did you know that amy schumer was trending topic on monday for hours in united states ? trndnl	1
horner has revealed that the engine vettel used last time out in sochi where he finished th will soon need to be changed . f 	0
who else is going to the vs red sox game at fenway park on labour day monday ?	0
the undertaker rises from a coffin to attack brock lesnar raw march via	0
psych and garage rock fans will love at the echo on nov th ! tix	1
gov .ventura is right abortion is premeditated murder in the st degree scott walker s law is stupid who shed s man s blood by man hisbshed	2
so apparently tomorrow is national kissing day . i u m gonna eat an entire bag of hershey kisses and call it a day .	1
i may have misunderstood i was referring to the google message . al	1
not getting a good run with frees for another goal to murray from a free kick points up midway through nd	0
james rodriguez and falcao playing against the canadian men s national team tuesday . . . should be a close game . . .	1
hey shawn nice seeing you this week bud ! have a great tomorrow !	1
david bowie may be the only rock star to wear a wristwatch on stage chet flippo on the tour	0
may th the riot starts . rt check out bill carter u s piece in the prime time stern 	0
i u m so good at gambling . i just owned las vegas . leaving tomorrow morning for a weekend of dog sitting and homework . not a bad week .	1
twilight good morning and happy friday all ! anyone else braving the crowds for twilight tonight ?	1
kris bryant left sunday s game early with dizzyness after bumping his head into an opponent on a h . . . via app	0
gonna clean up my whole room put on fresh sheets and jammies and watch game of thrones all day before a long day of work tomorrow	1
you say . sunday i u ll be at the wikipedia women u s workshop . can meet before or after that .	0
bills u williams says texans forced his hand as mario williams prepares to face his former team for the first time sunday u c the highly . . .	0
i have tomorrow off so it s friday to me ! what will you do with your day off kev ? thanks for asking . i ll go see ant man .	1
best wishes to the new mr amp mrs duke who were married at lynnhurst hotel on friday pictured with our bentley . . .	1
what s the occasion ?rt cadres in cosatu t shirts are congregating in a park next to hume road just off jan smuts .	0
janet jackson led the stars who gave special tribute for aaliyah s th death anniversary on tuesday . read more . . .	1
c mon guys surely chupa chups ! my arsenal mate took the piss every saturday for that one ! ! swfc	0
massive good luck wishes to alan pritchard and david owen running the snowdonia marathon tomorrow smashit	1
did taylor swift really rip one on the air ? what about that dong ? and i discuss raw	0
will this be the major that dustin johnson finally grabs ? via	0
when you have savages from a rd world who want to wipe jews catholics christians off the face of earth to rule the world yeah	0
hbd to a terrible justin bieber poser but i guess he is kinda cool ! hope you have a kick ass th !	0
moving video illustrates europe s refugee problem angela merkel tells sobbing asylum seeker why she can t stay	2
so if anyone wants to buy me an outfit for the jason aldean concert sunday for my bday that would be great bc i don t have anything ! ! ! 	0
top features we want from the next version of android wear the apple watch may have taken the world by stor . . .	0
 birthday happy birthday to author stephanie meyer writer of the twilight series december th	1
awesome . may the latter belief make you question why islam is so targeted and guide you to the right religion at some point	0
i can u t wait to cruise walgreens tomorrow for all the half price avatars . lovemeeeeeeeee	1
im going to marathon all of the episodes in the th season of teen wolf that i havent seen yet bc i deserve that dammit	1
you bring all kids of muslims here to the usa but the christians being slaughtered by isis you leave to die ! ! may god forgive you ! !	2
and on the very first play of the night aaron rodgers is int d by udfa cb brandian ross who returns it for a pick six touchdown .	0
very proud of paul dunne . it may not have ended the way he wanted but he showed what a big talent he has open 	1
thank you for the follow . interesting book you have in amazon u c think i may check it out 	1
terrible play call on nd and . victor cruz on a slant ? te ? nicks sideline ? how about any of those ?	2
murray does well to hold . to murray . anderson to serve to stay in the rd set usopen	1
for bbc sport on the rise and rise of small town low budget debt free eibar see them at camp nou v barca tomorrow .	1
tonight september rd stop by for your chance to win tickets to see jason aldean september th on the . . .	1
 np lay up ft can u t wait to actually buy the album when it comes out the mmg concert on nov rd at rupp .	1
i pack benjamins floyd mayweather stuffing milly into bag like its nothing may make u feel some type a way	0
only the best were born july nd oscar de la renta amp me . ok fine i guess we can include prince george too .	1
australian directioners just had a heart attack . the news said that you boys were back here in oct nov nottrue ? x	2
quiet sunday . had a nap so hopefully i can wake up in time for the show at pm . going to play this bloke david bowie . heard of him ?	0
i am looking at restoring the prophetic ministry . it may look like a sharknado at full throttle .	0
twilight my hometown . kura sunset over papakura across the road from bp gas station . i sneaked a sun shot . . .	0
excellence . speaking of that may be the only paul mccartney song in my rotation right now other than hey jude .	0
eagles lead by points going into th qtr iffy metre penalty to help tigers . tigers still with a sniff . afleaglestigers	0
can i just skip tomorrow and go straight to the taylor swift concert ?	0
setting it up now gonna finally watch my jurassic park blu ray that s sat there all alone for over a week hahaha	1
i am going to see ed sheeran live in the th row . i m in disbelief	1
born in february close to valentines . through all the heart pains i still look for love guess imma always b crazy	2
lol who wants dunkin tomorrow because you know i m getting some	1
also remember to have dinner at maverik center monday with the grand openings of little italy and el pasado cantina in the arena .	0
the instrumental versoin of th of july in paper towns is one of the best things ever	1
and it s gonna happen . international break combined with transfer door just closing ? juventus prepare january assault for gotze !	0
equally he s d nd most expensive under s after neymar s barca move amp rd most expensive signing in manu s history madeofblack	1
it s sunday so you know what that means . taking over . with episode of game of thrones come on down	1
i get to see amy schumer live tomorrow . i m literally the luckiest girl on planet earth	1
first the superbowl now revel will finally be released on dvd on nov th ! my day is complete ! ! ! ! oh how i love my bey	1
great game by david price and the blue jays ! ! ! ! jays loved that th inning !	1
aye can you bring my ucla sweater to school tomorrow ?	0
winner swagcorner at the showdown final showdown july kl live	0
these last two weekends were just overall amazing . now i gotta sharpen up for sats on saturday . 	1
watching the nd half of twilight and thinking how much of a stalker edward sounds i like watching you sleep ok then !	0
omg i m going to l .a . tomorrow d	1
i want them to amp all the way up to an th sharknado then do th where two guys in shark costumes just reenact my dinner with andre . 	1
lay in bed watching jurassic park with henry whilst sorts her stuff for going out tomorrow dinosaurs rawr	1
the rick santorum signing that was scheduled for tomorrow at the books a million in exton u c pa has been cancelled due to the weather .	2
movies with milan edge of tomorrow with tom cruise star wars and more rt follow hhn 	0
therealpsl starbucks i hate this . just wait until the th donald trump donaldtrump trumpquote trumpforpresident	2
no chipotle today and no grey u s anatomy tomorrow . . . . . . . . . obviously the world hates me	2
i u m not gon believe that victor cruz is the real deal until he lines up outside u c no slot u c and doesn u t disappear like he did sunday	2
bold prediction cowboys will beat the falcons sunday night ! cowboysnation	1
catch in the gloaming live ! at leicester square theatre on the th th	0
i have zac brown band tix for their concert tomorrow citizens bank for both tickets ! ! lmk if you re interested	0
wide awake on a sunday morning listening to ed sheeran on the radio such a good start . . .	1
check out what s happening at the san diego county fair del mar fairgrounds this saturday !	0
springsteen u c bon jovi u c sting to star in hurricane benefit concert friday superstar musicians born in the new y . . .	0
paul dunne and louis oosthuzien par the th hole . zach johnson puts it close has a chance to take the outright lead .	0
saudi arabia announced they did eid on the wrong day friday was incorrect . bare of you s were chatting shit about saturday ppl . where u 	2
its not . . . nicki garnered the success she has today because of what her nd album entailed and the look .	0
hillary my love . don t be down because you re in nd place behind bernie okay . i believe in you .	1
by hadeel al sayegh dubai dec reuters a fire at a hospital in saudi arabia killed people and injured more than others as it	2
look dot au may have cate blanchett who can tell anyone to get fucked but nz has lucy lawless . so who s really winning the cricket here ?	0
cena aj sitting in a tree k i s s i n g st goes aj s job then john s cred then goes vicki with the gm position .	0
that sax on katy perry s last friday night tho . hrd kenny g was behind it	0
 news on his visit to madrid last friday david cameron was clear he wanted a united spain the statement made . . .	1
excited to head to florida tomorrow . participating in the tyrf strikeforce to make sure fl goes mittromney . tcot txcot dallasgop	1
tomorrow is a big metal day . at am the new iron maiden tune premiers and of course new albums to purchase . i love heavy metal ! m 	1
silver lining even if you missed their performance at the creative alliance on august you can still enjoy the . . .	0
apple special event october rd ipad mini and maybe macbook pro inch retina what you think ?	0
absolutely nothing will u c they will be best friends forever u when they won the nta award for the th year that has to be . . . .	1
pope from . he is good ! nissan titan ! this guy may have the leg for . argoslive	1
may all the power of barca and messi be with you this season !	1
i don t either . complete mystery . also i may have just been chair dancing to heartbreaker by mariah carey .	0
i still doubt apple will announce new ipad at tomorrow s event . apple might dedicate most of the keynote on new apple tv .	0
dustin johnson is completely melting down . sunday s just don t agree with him . pgachamp	2
hq photos of niall in the us open today september in the city of new york united states .	0
ankara dec reuters turkey sees no normalisation in ties with israel unless its conditions for ending the gaza blockade and	0
but on the bright side im going to justin bieber in march	1
i m seeing foo fighters at wrigley field tomorrow but it s supposed to rain all day what the fuck	2
dear christina grimmie u c you may not know it but sometimes your songs are all i need when i u m feeling down .	1
hayyyuy can you bring my nirvana shirt tomorrow ? 	0
i m going to see paper towns tomorrow amp i know i m going to cry as soon as nat wolff appears on stage	1
happy friday vikings ! lots of rain on the way amp a big hockey game tonight it s going to be a great day ! bjshspride	1
box office ant man avoids a trainwreck with . million friday for no . . . . hitfix	1
go boro !may the force be with you from the st second to the last !	1
you staying up to watch paris nice stage tonight ? should be exciting !	1
dtn pakistan pakistan hopeful of bangladesh visit pakistan u s cricket board said sunday it hopes to arrange a t . . .	1
starting tomorrow in all carrefour retail stores across saudi arabia the first bahri promotion ever .	0
vote jessica mcginnis th grade homecoming princess and i will personally try to slap donald trump in the face	2
seo services jacksonville florida do you want to list your website in google st . . .	0
the best and worst of the situation regarding wwe firing hulk hogan on friday via	0
nice i love it arlene ! ! i think the good friday movie characters ice cube amp chris tucker love it too !	1
i m sitting here with my belt in jean shorts watching cena win his first title . i think we tie for st my friend xd	0
in mommy u s phone want her to have a happy birthday . you may reference it as happy birthday ladybug if you like u c one of her many nicknames .	1
get started early shopping for the holidays in chelsea oct the perfect presents await !	1
fantastic friday at nca ! school was dismissed early due to preparation for our homecoming game tonight !	1
this is very bad for juventus . lose in the st amp nd gionarta ? something wrong with formation i think . . miss pirlo tevez amp vidal already 	2
red sox game i have tickets to tonight may get rained out same with ac dc concert tomorrow night . somebody give me some good news . . .	2
new cast of dwts tba at pm tonight ! ! so excited the meeting tonight better be done or someone will have to lend me their phone thx	1
why wait for the videos when you can come see duels official live tomorrow ? i may have vodka on my person too ! ha	0
if you really think rousey can be mayweather i cannot take you serious at all . . . . this is a man fighting a woman c mon now	2
they re going to release info and tickets for the jadine world tour on dec where is the chill people i need to see em in milan wtf .	2
what if you downloaded windows on july and have buyer s remorse after trying out the operating system ? like . . .	1
who is going to the jason aldean amp kenny chesney concert tomorrow ?	0
i have the next three wednesday s off and don t have anyone to spend them with now i m in donny ! move up here	0
norwich city are the th team into the capital one cup quarter finals	0
 yakub s angels appeared on saturday at the th place in the top of ahmedabad s trends trndnl	0
got destiny updating on the ps and xbox one . i should be able to play on one of them by tomorrow lol .	1
 wwe monday night raw seth rollins kicks off the show after piper tribute 	0
mayhem ! ! live in the mix tomorrow thursday night oct at warehouse in greensboro nc ! ! ! ! be there !	1
a possibility that kanye west may be president someday in the future i will go off .	2
i hope so ! i might see paper towns today and i m going to theme park tomorrow i m trying my best !	1
i need that ipod that noah left at your house could you dm me when your mom or kevin is home tomorrow so i can come get it ?	0
it u s the cool u c tasty ice cream sandwich upgrade it may take some getting used to since it u s new . th	1
twins have three hits against chris sale in the nd inning including escobar s rbi single for a lead over the white sox .	0
davis love iii wins wyndham championship as tiger woods drops to th place davis love iii won the wyndham ch . . .	1
we do have the new moto e however it is similar better spec d than the moto g st gen 	1
rome milan clamp down on cars as smog smothers italy cars were banished monday from the streets of milan whi . . .	0
another hours of science tomorrow before i m at my grandma s for three days and kwvr for the hst and standard on saturday ! weekendplans	0
don t forget to watch paul mccartney on saturday night live tonight ! retweet !	1
okay so on the trip wednesday i think all of us gathered in the youth hostel lounge and watched the first twilight movie	0
the best part about the cubs winning is the free coffee at dunkin tomorrow	1
amazon prime day is here ! members can get some amazing deals today just like black friday ! please consider our . . .	1
word on the street is that ben affleck will be at rick s tomorrow night .	0
curtis is right sjsharks forwards coasting back to the d zone is not a formula for success . rd line didn t distinguish itself there .	2
marvel u s phase two kicks off with u iron man u trailer on october rd briefly if halloween isn u t enough to l . . .	0
signing flat papers today and then skating with my new derby chickas tommorrow nervousmuch !	0
what have you scored today ? it s amazon prime day more deals than black friday ! happyprimeday gt 	1
lightweight might go to the royal rumble in phoenix in january	0
bloody sunday had nothing do with the ira don t think bono are going to be welcome in the north of ireland anymore	2
trey burke tries to follow his older big bro sully with enrolling in the nba draft ! what s your say so should he go or stay ! i say stay !	0
nick diaz said he would fight gsp tomorrow if the ufc asked . except u c you know u c they wouldn u t . . . because you u re suspended . . .	2
never have i read such scaremongering bullshit in the tory led sun newspaper as the shit you wrote in all my life !	2
i get in around noon ! ! ! and i u m coming to pca all day friday alumnireturning	0
david wright st game back and he goes deep	1
catch supersport united vs bidvest wits at the lucas moripe stadium at h on saturday live on ss . see you there . . .	0
 agencies u c incl . the bomb squad u c were needed to dispose of hazardous waste at e . th st post rd .	0
you do remember he was rd in the kentucky derby behind illhaveanother bodemeister right ?	0
too lazy to do lorax u s journal . would just do it tomorrow at school .	2
 feb happy valentine u s day everybody . i u m going to buy cookies and stuff myself full . 	1
i found a video of me raging on october rd because she never went to disney world	2
oh nice ! ! you should come to our show at the lair on dec st with heroes for hire masketta fall forever ends here and wstp ! 	1
had great time in barca also made some profit which is always nice . back to the online grind for the sunday today vamoooos lfg	1
i know it may sound strange to many but it s incredible how iron maiden music made me relax music	1
nigeria reports boko haram arrests nigeria s security agency said on sunday it had made significant breakthro . . .	0
joe biden is a class act when it comes to frank talk . i hope he runs . but he may not . excellent job as v .p .	1
my memory tells me that frank gifford was the st athlete i asked for an autograph . i was a youngster and he was a giant . at a yankee game	0
sunday cinema paul mccartney amp david gilmour paul mccartney continues to stay out there as the former member o . . .	0
should the irish win on saturday a large contingency of nd fans will rush the field and move the goalposts again on brian kelly .	0
deadpool game for xbox one and ps arrives in mid november activision has announced to release of the r . . . fari	0
listening to a gay man narrating his love life is the nicest thing i have ever done c mon people i am in brazil 	1
so the th will the best weekend jason aldean and bgbound	0
every time i hear that song i can t feel my face when i m with you see tom cruise ripping his face off in the st mission impossible .	0
i may be mean with niall s legs sometimes but it doesnt mean i dont care	0
going to go see ted on saturday . that s much better than going to see inside out p	1
i know u c they are also headed to the bell center on feb th u c i u m really debating about going !	0
geekery just learned about the tim burton amp danny elfman th anniversary music box set . now if only i could . . .	1
we are launching maytheforcefacts on a monday ! every monday at pm for the rest of the year get interesting facts about star wars !	1
hiya do you know when my tickets for justin bieber on the th of october will get sent ?	1
go with moto g rd gen best phone at this price 	1
he tries to stem the march of time by covering the plug hole with his podgy mitt but trojanhero knows twilight must fall on bathtime .	0
what do you think about the reaction is going to be for josh hamilton tomorrow first game back in anaheim ?	0
this xmas i miss many but most of all jason rezaian again ! who spends his rd day and nd xmas jailed in iran freejason pressfreedom	0
best one ever th track dr .dre on the beat ft . biggie u c pac u cbig l u c big pun . . .song is gonna be called we ain u t dead lmaooo	1
we started losing america when the st liberal preacher began saying u c negros had souls that could be saved u c u c see lev thru 	2
who s ready for iron maiden day tomorrow maidens the book of souls album is unleashed .	1
justin bieber looked as to me again made them you may raise a thousand a year is strange replied he independent of the	0
 he mumbled something like remus lupin th year and now it sucks that people always just know james and sirius 	2
salsa sundays just don u t stop ! join your favorite lady dj ms . mar y soul this sunday at iguana for an evening of . . .	1
i saw him at soundset not a bad show . he is headlining with har mar superstar .	1
may the blessings of allah fill your life with happiness and open all the doors of success now and always . eid . . .	1
that feeling i used to get when i new i was going to disneyland the next day is how i feel about going to the sparks game tomorrow haha	1
excited to go on a diet with iona the rules we made up a gr ! ! ! givin eachother p if we eat something bad sunday is watermelon day heh	1
 well anyone else than thor if he hardly around . i mean you may have some friends . he raises a brow .	0
when i realized i missed the vampire diaries i real life sat there for a minute .	2
first debate is tom brady a cheater or is he innocent ? be in the lecture hall at lunch on september th to find out .	0
tom brady is going off on thursday .	0
sunday u s ! ! ! great tv watching day ! i got mobwives u c rhoatl u c kandi factory u c klo lamar u c i u m a reality tv junkie !	1
you may have a few extra followers from glasgow scotland tonight . we all agree max would make a better gf than the blonde girl	1
gotti tryna club on sat u c so that u s prolly the move on saturday if we don u t find nun else to do	0
indie band music festival this coming sat and sun u c olympic park . listen to music in the heart of urban nature	0
lil cousin kendrick funeral is tomorrow it will be hard seein alot of people heartbroken and crying flyhighkendrick	2
hopefully it s gone by tuesday cause me bentley and kyle are going shopping and people will probably think kyle punched me 	0
on the bright side i get to watch big brother with trevor tomorrow .	1
no it s cool milan tie the th and th placed teams back to back that s fine	0
brewers rf ryan braun gets a day off tuesday vs . cubs ryanbraun fantasybaseball	0
nooooooooo ! ! ! ! ! ! maybe you can just look over it right before the test tomorrow and do that first	2
tomorrow beautiful women from all over the usa come together to compete for one crown and one title of miss usa . . .	1
may be the only person around here who really doesn t like bdubs or eric church .	0
daylight savings time is this sunday november th . first alert wants to remind you to change your . . . sweepstakes	0
timmonsville residents live with guns behind locked doors 	0
first time listing to red does this diva think she u s avril lavigne ? nd th time can u t .stop .listening .	1
he calls terrorists his friends ! ! let s look at the first person he appointed . you guessed it ira sympathiser ! ! st class traitor	2
buongiorno a tutti ! sun is shining another beautiful day in vanuatu 	1
thursday final ratings astronaut wives club amp under the dome flat at lows big brother slips amp beauty and . . .	0
this week in nyc sept . monday happy labor day ! we hoped you closed out the summer season with lots of time . . .	1
i rather watch paint dry or stare at the sun . your show is fake like you caitlyn jenner . tsktskshameshame !	2
why does the sunday host assume latinos don t like know bernie sanders ? we do know and like bernie s . claro que si	0
rt if you re stoked about monday night football ! !	1
kim kardashian reveals why she plans to eat her placenta snacking on one s own placenta may sound like a pret . . .	0
there u s still time to get your tickets to the indie designer fashion show this saturday confirmed guest erica mena of love hip hop u c maino u c	0
if you re a fan of nirvana don t miss your opportunity to catch this documentary on the big screen fri sep 	0
finished qbs . if the draft were today and i got to pick first every time i d take arian foster roddy white jason witten n aaron rodgers	0
 brewers ryan braun went for with a run scored st rbi and his th double of the season . mlb	0
galaxy s ii can be wiped by just clicking a link other touchwiz devices may also be vulnerable gaffaw fb	2
been a little busy lately just now getting to see ant man . oh and i m a child ! west st st . warren	1
how many of the events in straight outta compton movie actually took place ? ice cube separates fact from fiction	0
actual sharknado forecast in real life would be like chance of sharknado but that may vary as the hour gets later 	0
sharknado comes on tonight . yes a movie about a shark tornado has made it to a rd movie and yes i too have lost all faith in humanity .	2
david wright is back and had a big impact in the win tonight . mets are now games over . . games ahead in st i can see october !	1
joe corbi u s fundraising is due tomorrow ! turn it into one of the deca advisors !	0
send rahul gandhi he is always st in photoops but missing from chennai he always talk about comunication	0
i did it bout times but i got something for t mobile as tomorrow believe that shit	0
who wants to be my date to the white sox vs red sox game tuesday	0
happy thursday ! finishing rehearsals for the act at the people u s choice awards .	1
 th inning at fenway . the red sox are outs away from a game sweep of the phillies leading to .	1
how about paul dunne from at the openchampionship at standrews st amateur since bobby jones in to lead after holes .	0
ashley confirmed it to me that they met at the beginning of feb so im guessing he met briana during st th of feb	0
someone just cranked the fleetwood mac don t stop thinking about tomorrow . 	0
star wars day ! ! ! this time tomorrow i ll be waking up having seen it ! chewie we re back !	1
thats the way to live else hindus may ask for meatban during navratri and other festivals muslims for liquor ban	0
i said it b dat gucci been promoting his mixtape drop on since august u c gotti just up tried come out on da same date	0
 pillar of death is visiting another tomorrow am . george osborne visiting faslane some people just can t take a hint toriesnotwelcome	2
unbelievable stuff from paul dunne . hopefully he can repeat it tomorrow either way it s an heroic performance .	1
i truly believe there are christians muslims and jews who will go to heaven ! it s the people condemning others who won t make it ! sunday	1
yesterday judge pastor ruled there will be no more delays in the conrad murray manslaughter trial . he also stated . . .	0
 u simchat torah bash ! u at the chaplains tomorrow night at ! a night you will enjoy as much as purim ! see event for more details !	1
if my the vamps exclusive album isn t ready for pick up today like it says i will riot ! been waiting since dec for it	0
thank you ! no heat electric no internet since monday afternoon .	1
nitemoves tomorrow who going ?	0
expect to see the new mclaren s gt to make a debut appearance at the gulf hour race december . . . .	1
whoa ! national ice cream day is in six days ? ! you may want to pay special attention here and on our facebook amp instagram accounts on sunday .	1
i ve been listening to j cole s and kendrick s black friday .i mean even if it isn t a collaborative project let the niggas drop some fire .	1
super eagles coach sunday oliseh has expressed his delight with the players from the domestic sce . . . badotweet	1
going for a haircut hoping to look like the next david beckham when you just look like your average sunday league wanker	0
i m wearing my jurassic park shirt tomorrow which means you re all going to here fun facts and you will love it .	1
i may not speak too highly of kanye west the person but i am a fan of his music . it is possible to separate actions and work .	0
google is still alive and it may be the missing tool in your recruiting toolkit gt via	1
imaaa be the st tongan hooper in the nba fact	1
may the th is star wars day too ! 	1
leon s first street fight is this friday night . he s fighting hulk hogan the first round .	0
john cena without u on rae it would not a good raw you are the main reason i watch monday night raw without you i can t watch it	0
join us at main library p .m . on monday for the kiwanis corporate regatta . lunch is helps support summer reading club .	1
excited for tomorrow . new batman by amp it s the joker ! this is gonna be wicked !	1
mitch steele from stone brewing our guest on today s wilk friday beer buzz ! click for the video !	0
omdayss u c you u re turning sixteen tomorrow u c mum sent my cash so im going to do some shopping . anything you want ?	0
dark souls games look fun i may have to try them out at some point . it s fun watching you play them .	1
tonight with us is breaking down everything floyd mayweather vs . andre berto on september th .	0
i spelled dongwoo u s name as songwoo . . omg u c who the hell is songwoo ? the th infinite member ? ? ?	2
i just got two at zumiez amp i m so sad bc it s hot as fuck . like labor day means summer is over the sun needs to chill	1
i m sure they are changing the species . look at the obamas and angela merkel . planet of the apes . . .here we come .	2
also just now starting miss usa so nobody text me about top who wins etc bc i may kill u	2
cowboys fans . we need to temper our expectations going into this sunday s game against the giants . . . .	0
i just wanna buy frank ocean a calendar cause yea he said july . . . it s august th . .	0
that was golden what you said to seth rollins on monday night raw . go cena ! x champion coming soon to you .	1
monday already . that u s ok at volare restaurant chicago we have the perfect meal waiting for you today . we . . .	1
 agent april is going with me to raccoon city . i bet carla got something in store for us . . . but im always ready to fight 	1
google can enhance your position in search amp connect you with new prospects ! interested ? workshop derby august	1
sad to not be going to disneyland tomorrow	2
rt gavin henson looks set to miss the rugby world cup after dislocating a bone in his right wrist yesterday	2
the report may force delhi police to register an fir in the case as none has been filed so far .	0
republican hopeful carly fiorina said monday that she feels like the only candidate going after hillary clinton and asked why donald trump	0
watch me walk into a columbia on a nice saturday afternoon and get clipped up like im fucking trayvon martin with the pillz	0
regionals game at panther stadium tomorrow night ! everyone go and support our panthers ! ! but you have to be loud ! derby vs . north ! playoffs	1
this is like the th time they ve posted this . why not put better artists on there kendrick lamar	2
oh my god the video is out tomorrow the first video after zayn left one direction is out tomorrow dig a hole and throw me in there	1
naruto is like crack . i keep saying saying one more episode until oh look the sun . naruto	1
nfl disses tom brady on social media ? on sunday night the nfl s official twitter account posted a photo abou . . .	0
omg mali music is going to be in philly tomorrow ! at the liacouras center u c performing at the kingsmen tour ! i u m so sad .	2
 november . george harrison known as the quiet beatle died aged .	0
milan are the nd most successful european team ever juventus in the serie a only . . . look at them today	1
 fa cup sf u s carling cup final lost on pens he may not have been a true leader but he certainly took us places we ain u t been .	0
or i may have to invest in an eyebrow pencil and start speaking with a liverpudlian accent . what to do ?	0
i ve took the kids to st home games going on sat but only can have for chelsea so not going my history is adult juniors	1
i can t do this rd day of eid and i m back to work	2
if you dont know hes the vocalist of the metal band lamb of god and is a sorta a rd party candidate	2
 aprildies because she went into a coma leaving fin to raise his child w nova . april awakens in time to fight sharknado 	0
wednesday s schedule yin yoga with olga vinyasa flow with olga hot yoga with olga . . .	0
all ngo npos should know about free very low cost software from amp lots more !	1
tomorrow we play roskilde festival the apollo countdown stage	0
glad to see john cena is healthy . that was a nasty bump he took friday night	1
i may say a lot of things about fleetwood mac but the rumours album is practically perfect .	1
down to the wire in fresno for rttt teachers union supt . hanson still meeting . deadline tomorrow . edreform	0
flashback friday to pre opening for can t wait to do it all again september th for jason aldean ! !	1
i live in hope that diane keaton in baby boom will be on my sunday afternoon tv screen some day soon . man alive i love that film .	1
just eating a giant slab of vanilla fudge to distract from results day tomorrow	0
don u t forget that the exclusive screening of skyfall takes place this thursday at cineplex oasis mall .red carpet . . .	0
dtn kazakhstan capello ill tweak lineup for azerbaijan gamecoach fabio capello said monday he will tweak the . . .	0
first day back at work proper and it has been manic and fuck it i m booking that to go see the milan derby in jan as a late bday trip !	0
rt with the start of nfl preseason upon us . . tonight marks the beginning of the raiders season and the end of the raid . . .	0
my favourite runway so far during paris fashion week was louisvuitton . it bring us back the sun yellow	1
shell to pay bn debt to iran iran s media said on december that the anglo dutch energy giant shell plans . . .	0
thanks to jesus u c cvs u c my mom my mary . . .i was able to kick this flu in week ! now to make it w out my maryjane until monday ! struggles	1
just sat through twilight what s going on with my life ?	2
for those interested u c mark martin will make his th career nscs start this weekend ranked th on all time list . nascar	0
huge weekend coming up at the kee to bala ! come and celebrate kee anada day with us on sunday ! we have a huge . . .	1
july infostrada sports scores from the british open at the par course on sunday in st andrews paul dunne ireland 	0
departure of ship jumbo spirit port abu dhabi time nov am utc time of arrival departure is the time the vessel a . . .	0
still can t get my ipod rd gen shuffle to change songs cos of the usb not recognized error shit . does this mean i need new usb cable ?	2
i want to go watch denzel u s new movie tomorrow ! someone take meeeeeeeeeee .	0
club bodi may be out the question tonight	0
two guest list tickets to give away for joan armatrading u s show at st david u s on thursday keep it locked to find out more !	0
nipsey hussle and dom kennedy this sat you down ?	0
hahah lol so halilovic was shaking when he saw messi for the st time . i ld probably faint if i ever meet him .	1
that girl rhonda rousey is bad . and she u s got ws all by way of st rd arm bars . badass	2
woke up and finished making meals for the day . now watching jurassic park on tv . couldn t ask for a better start to sunday .	1
good to see danny care starting the rd test against the boks . great player who u s very quick at the base of the rucks rugby	1
great tetra in india event in mumbai . next event tuesday in jakarta . see you there ?	1
josh hamilton knee was activated but the texasrangers may only use him as a pinch hitter down the stretch . mlb	0
awesome veggie sunday lunch at the prince george in brighton . a great little pub !	1
good old trade union rep father is going to ring up from italy tonight to coach me in what to say do tomorrow at work 	1
friday night prombley just gonna watch jim henson u s memorial on youtube or something	0
you could also try allium moly which may have or may not have been what odysseus used to counter circe u s magic .	0
no im going this september rd to watch zac brown band	1
i m still dying over the fact fourth of july by fall out boy was in paper towns omg	1
harper lee s new novel go set a watchman will be published tomorrow . get a sneak peek of the first chapter here 	0
post i wrote on mehdi hasan and abortion wondering just what precisely he may have been expecting . . .	0
 clifford the big red dog live ! is headed to the at amp t performing arts center s winspear opera house in november . . . .	0
set your dvr u s vcr u s u c is scheduled to make her guest appearance on rock next thursday !	1
copper river salmon will be in the house tomorrow don t miss your chance to enjoy this alaskan delicacy !	1
was crying but then i remembered that i m going to see paper towns tomorrow night with seren woohoo ! ! !	1
need someone to get the april may kris bryant back to chicago because his at bats are getting worse	2
too bad he s at chelsea and may not get enough play time . an italian or french team needs to get that boy .	0
is there a screening tomorrow for the capitol one fixture ?	0
 katyperry fashion one of the boys by katy perry memory card nov aaom bestseller buy	0
lakers vs heat on jan . th ! it u s d wade u s b day . . . i feel bad he u ll lose on his birthday lololol	2
this sunday is national ice cream day ! we will be offering free gelato on the patio all day ! flavors include . . .	1
late upload from the bears game sunday the georgia dome	0
yeah i get text notifications if it s supposed to be cardigan weather tomorrow island paradise apartments	0
i really want to see justin bieber april in dallas texas	1
today is not only thursday . . . but it s national hot dog day !	1
m t webroot have a jailbroken ios device ? you may want to reconsider .	0
chelski want this so bad that it makes me even happier thinking we may beat them twice in days at sb	1
negros at richwood do sh t like fw the same hoes bet who gone hit her st o o	2
interesting sunday read on the rise fall and rebirth of google .	1
cant believe that just in march i was judging pawsox idol with miss ma teen tonight she s competing for miss teen usa ! goodluck	1
happy birthday prince george . may you be blessed in the years to come .	1
on september madonna s sticky and sweet world tour was named the highest grossing for a solo artist ever . . . .	1
get your dog on ! ! . . . . . .this thursday is national hot dog day celebrate with us for only chile cheese . . .	1
raiders vs buccaneers game coverage the raiders take on the tampa bay buccaneers this sunday in oakland and the . . .	0
can t wait to see jason aldean cole swindell and tyler farr with september rd needs to get here ! !	1
chris jericho talks ryback winning the title on sunday says punk has reached his limit	0
just started an fm game as hibs . beat hearts in the edinburgh derby in my nd match 	0
i just want tomorrow to be here so i can see jurassic world again	0
 xadhityourmark no worries chris glad you loved the lime . don t forget the apple watch winners are announced on monday !	1
this season of the walking dead has been getting better by the episode . can t wait for next sunday .	1
deep in a dream chet baker chet baker with fifty i milan italy september chetbaker	0
before you know it . .it will be a .d . and you bustas will still be working on your nd album like frank ocean	0
our next broadcast is monday when the soccer team takes on seaholm in the first game of the mhsaa districts .	0
having to read charles dickens for homework may be the greatest thing ever	1
check out omen from ft . sam smith from the upcoming album caracal available september th disclosure	0
jeb bush says he has released all his emails from time as governor .	0
our first write in is saturday november from at coffee to a tea on the first floor in the same building as mellow mushroom .	0
why sit at home monday night when you can come to young life ? ! tomorrow ! westsalemyounglife	0
hate my life because i can t see you at the roskilde festival on saturday promise me to come back again soon .	2
last hectic day in office b weeks in asia . st to ifeat in singapore . then taiwan u c hk u c china .then wks of jet lag !gets to me every time !	0
people playing it already on ps or ps may still be using community test environment bf cte .	0
 i did u c the other new is in today u c northern lights . . . . . . i get payed tomorrow !	0
david wright will make what should be his last rehab appearance with st . lucie tonight before joining the mets on monday .	0
manchester united say it is real madrid s fault not theirs that david de gea s return to spain collapsed on monday .	0
catholics changed the th day of sabbath from saturday to sunday . sunday being the st day . catholics changed the calender !	0
well i pulled a dustin johnson on the th but i m proud to say i played the best holes of my life tonight golow	1
hi fiona tomorrow on key top at please can you play me marry j blige u one please thanks fiona	0
the new statesman s cover reads the motherhood trap with an illustration of sturgeon pictured angela merkel theresa may and liz	0
for you are valentine s day for me just normal thursday .	0
pacers fans are going to have fun on saturday . . .	1
jokes aside seeing a bunch of awful alternatives is a good way to get sold on the new google logo .	0
everyone show up again tomorrow that chardon game was too much fun to not do it again ! ! beavercentral pride	1
islam is a guide to which we should try to emulate we r human and not perfect . hearts may be in the	1
this sunday the actual work is just east of edmonds . but there will be a couple of delays impacting all eastbound service da	0
i want friday to come faster bc myself comes out .im seeing paper towns again .my freakin cute niece comes	1
as further proof we may be in our final days i submit the astounding discovery that there are actual kim kardashian fans .	2
friday night lights lol . it s a bit gay at times but i rate it	0
ryan braun just stole his th base of the season . fourth season of his career .	1
i just put on the tcas because i can always watch big brother on on demand tomorrow	0
gav what the eff is this ? i ve just gotten home from roskilde festival st internet in a week . . .does this mean i am out now ?	2
i could pick up my dog my nd cousin and david beckham and still get top at that event pls win it	0
if frank ocean doesn t realize his album by july i m going to kill myself	2
did you catch this ? pretty little liars u marlene king toby isn u t a double agent he u s on team a exclusive	0
tok tomorrow is going to be heated over obamacare .	0
dustin johnson isn t the first guy to drop places in a major on sunday but it usually takes more than hole . pgachampionship	0
not heard that song since uni . tottenham supprting friend singing about arsenal when we went to watch them play shef wed .	1
curtis akakeya and sea s guidicipietro are the top contenders for saturday s cross country state champs	1
good morning killa ! who s your pick for the georgia boise state game this saturday ?	0
lady boner from channing tatum in the vow right now and the fact that i get mcdonald u s breakfast tomorrow with winning	1
two completely different days . world book day is for kids march . this day is world book night for adults . . .	0
to anyone who hasn u t seen the st half of david u s first ever recording for nandito ako u c check the link below !	0
so i sat through that for nintendo s announcement and they didn t make one . like even a trailer for twilight princess hd would ve been fine	2
 mtvstars lady gaga i love you mother monster	1
still yet to get really excited for anfield on sunday . . . . . . .surely the run must end sometime ? ? ?	1
david wright doing david wright things . on to the th still 	0
ironman wales on channel tomorrow . am sky plus it or do as i am excited to watch it real life with a cuppa ! ! ironman ironmanwales	1
this just in prince george is just like every other two year old surprise !	1
y all know ice cube gone make a movie called friday ? straightouttacompton	0
lol ice cube s movie friday . they are trying to get rid of someone named felicia they don t want around .	0
i wouldn t be surprised with kane with sting possibly tomorrow	0
isco and khedira to be sold in january in order to make room for marco reus . dortmund willing to cash in before his contract expires	0
i believe zayn s return is due for jan so he ll probably be at the rumble . no idea what they ll do with hideo .	0
is the th playing down wind ? because dustin johnson just hit a pitching wedge yards .	1
but does anyone wanna go to boston with me tomorrow to see richie hawtin and loco dice perform ? cntrltour	0
guti can t come up with it . garcia with an rbi single . white sox lead mariners in the st .	0
hulk hogan won t have a good day tomorrow when he realises everyone has been treating him like a world class cunt	2
hype park sun and shopping in london ! today is a good day ! d	1
my st tweet ever was andrew breitbart .asked him to make fun of michael erik dyson his pretentious profile pic . he did u cit was awesome .	1
silent house may be full of stupid choices that might make you stop caring u c but it u s highly effective at building . . .	2
i ve rehearsed eaten tim tams packet of cheese twisties has not been transferred to real madrid amp it rained a lot . sept st	0
terrible tragedy today in russia with the loss of a great khl team and an nhl great in pavol demitra	2
hyped to watch straight outta compton on friday do you think they ll cover ice cube s family movie phase	1
not hard to figure out the value in this offer . . .mathnasium is offering a free mathing workshop on sunday from . . .	0
happy thursday and here s a picture of david bowie from the old tonight show .	1
red sox game tonight steelers game tomorrow then pitt game at akron saturday . safe to say i m going to be broke but having fun .	1
ant man is weekend champ with just . million . pixels m . bet wb regrets moving pan from this weekend to crowded october .	0
just writing a preview for saturday u s visit of barnet u c can u t help but get excited about the visit of edgar davids . he was a childhood icon .	1
 crosbynet yoga every saturday at beach lawn garden am . going to carry on outdoors every weekend until defeated by the weather ! 	1
great class tonight ! ! you all brought it . i was dripping before the pushups tonight . . .see you tomorrow for zumba at 	1
palace in talks with dortmund player bolasie on the move and zlatan has a warning for potential suitors . . .	1
apparently floyd mayweather has a net worth is million pacquiao has a net of million . shows the difference between st and nd .	0
 star kimberly . i was able to enjoy an awesome belated valentine s dinner with my husband last saturday . . .	1
in my college class on thursday this guy who looked like josh hamilton sat next to me i was literally about to cry	1
kainis ! bukas na pala first day ng secret love sungkyunkwan scandal sa abs cbn . eh may pasok kami bukas . diaje naman oh !	0
allyn s crawfish boil tomorrow . i ll be there sometime between and . come in and have a beer with me and eat some mudbugs !	0
congressman dennis kucinich d ohio who lost in the recent ohio primary election on march th due to . . .	2
i installed madden deluxe last monday night for ps and still haven t received my packs today nor the reward for opening 	2
got this group presentation due thursday for my itt class and today we just spent teaching this mom in my class how to use google drive smh	0
rare u c kg meteorite discovered in poland u c biggest in eastern europe and may provide clues about earth u s core 	1
just what it says celebrity big brother new edition begins thursday this season s theme is uk vs usa	1
commodities tomorrow low oil prices hits saudi arabia hard cnbc s jackie deangelis discusses the day s activ . . .	0
roma enjoying a run in the sun	1
looks like rooney u c rvp u c rio u c evra u c giggs and young will all be rested tomorrow . expecting a few of the youngsters to feature . mufc	0
just back from fab visit to floriade in venlo . chelsea flower show meets eden project ! on til oct otherwise you ll have to wait years !	0
who ever wins lsu vs bama this saturday is going to the national championship	0
i just got my vans for tomorrow d yay and my shirt green i have a grup that going to be lile that d yay photo tomorrow 	1
radio city will always be one of the most speical shows the jonas fans will remember . .it was the st show we had our boys back together	1
i remember when haterade by nicki pharrell and gucci was my ringtone in the th grade	1
niall has the sun glasses that i want wtf i want thoseee ! ! ! ! ! ! gift them to me maaaaannnn	1
happy birthday yoga with to celebrate my rd ! birthday yoga	1
new country . gator country welcomes jason aldean with special guests cole swindell and tyler farr thursday . . .	0
so let u s jet skip to june for lakers vs heat it u s already official u c james harden is on the houston rockets right now . nba 	0
the th day of eid visiting other family homes me visit family homes ootd hijab	0
and they don t care about the finer points that may get in way of their tirades . reactions to that charlie hebdo thing were esp instructive	0
magic mike xxl in theaters july . the one the only . channing tatum is magic mike .	1
no the ira grew out of oppression amp internment amp bloody sunday amp ballymurphy amp kids killed by rubber bullets amp 	2
omfg ? magic mike xxl was on cinemas last july st and i didn t even get to see it bummer 	2
juventus midfielder paul pogba is still preparing himself for a departure with chelsea and man city keeping tabs on the frenchman sun 	0
on at pm emily blunt u .s . air force airman st class spencer stone rita ora with chris brown perform kimmel	0
well i think kc may have a good qb for the future in murray .	1
well tuesday is a busy tv night state side . i u m still not done with the latest ep of hart of dixie !	2
count day tomorrow shouldnt even go ! winans is crazy 	2
good thing the kliq blu ray comes out tuesday . it s too late for them to digitally edit out hulk hogan s run in during the sting hhh match !	0
astate up after the st . doing work in the georgia dome !	1
finally friday . kicking off today with some iron maiden metalfriday ironmaiden	0
planning on ac dc live in moncton ? coming up sooner than later in montreal on the st . at the big o .	1
nashville hannibal amp empire i may ve named you after tv that was popular at the time of your conception but you are still my triplets !	1
thanks very much shawn ! i hope you re having a great monday !	1
 brandon weeden is going to be a player someday . he u s not right now ron jaworski just now on sunday nfl countdown countdowntokickoff	1
preview for sunday night football two of the league u s top qbs go head to head . . saw matt ryan and was fine then saw tony romo rofl	0
the heat game may cost alot more . . .and plus i would rather see austin rivers play	0
rt for those just tuning in chargers have linked those two games as pkg . to see aaron rodgers nov you gotta buy tix . . .	0
c mon o clock . i don t know if my ps is even downloading it or if it messed up . gah . the suspense .	2
this is what i meant when i say being a music prod student is like being a kpop trainee minus the dancing xd	1
for our feb . issue what do you splurge on right before lent ? where in nova do you splurge ? what have you given up for lent ?	0
song of da nite powerslave by iron maiden outta the jus blabbin music vault . ohh yaa . . . . . enjoy all amp happy friday nite 	1
really great match this now . anderson is going for broke on every murray nd serve and murray is winning most rally points now . usopen 	1
when beyonce made the song i take it as an accomplished goal a happy birthday etc for me . i was born july th .	1
happy monday ! kanye west is running for president of the united states of america . . .	1
tgif ! time to do the happy friday dance . . . . . . oh and get some awesome tacos to celebrate . 	1
bure u s st game as a nyr at msg against van . lost u c bure had the lone goal . know who had a hat trick for van ? todd bertuzzi realtalk	0
lexus will be fully unveiling it s slide hoverboard on august th ! we re definitely excited to see what other . . .	1
john henson may have left unc but he hasn t stopped posterizing dookies	0
morning tweeps ! i m going to milan today ! yaay	1
news kendrick lamar interviews n .w .a . video kendrick lamar sat down with mc ren ice cube dr . . . . gcpr hhbu	0
i drafted adrian peterson nd overall tony romo in the nd rd and maurice jones drew in the rd round . beat that !	0
apples will outlive us keeping history alive at sewanee with sun water and new seeds .	1
depends what she said though nicki may have had a reason to start ! have you seen the video ?	0
how does it compare to diablo iii regardless of how fair that comparison may be ?	0
oscars well makes his debut over fences at punchestown tomorrow . it looks as though he u ll have plan a and darwins fox to overcome .	0
the vp of france s refereeing union laurent ugo has said he accepts zlatan s apology following the striker s rant at officials on sunday .	1
evans mick jagger u c oct . sir mick jagger calls chris evans with an interesting message about rolling stones . . .	1
i could have sat on nicki s ass tonight	1
dj indie news katy perry taylor swift taylor swift may have dissed katy perry in her track bad blood but it . . .	0
in the crib singing mariah carey as usual and everyone s tight and idc i got the monday blues	1
norman reedus i m a huge fan of the walking dead is there going to be a th season	1
briana may be pregnant just not with louis baby	0
apple s new model of watchos is going to be available on september in countries except india	0
tiger woods did not play well on sunday wait make that all year tigersucks	2
last halloween was spent studying . this one will be spent studying . had a test the monday after the super bowl and daytona . communists	0
will text you the changes tomorrow who do you want to change kane will check on bertrand fitness	0
grace to attend the th asia international aissf 	0
for your enjoyment here are wednesday and lurch dancing to the grateful dead .	1
ryan braun is batting . with home runs and rbis . but his team is in th . he will never be better than curtis granderson .	0
well guys do you know what day is today ? its thursday ! ! happy thor s day to everybody !	1
sunday means beardown verizon wireless club at the georgia dome	0
first day of kpop club tomorrow ! i m super excited !	1
alex poythress had points and rebounds in his debut with kentucky during an exhibition game on thursday . he played minutes .	0
eltonjohn tribute band to play wayzata sat . elton . . . .well almost bennie and the jets an elton john . . .	1
selling day for a night free press passes ft . kendrick lamar . for day pass . kendrick performs tomorrow at p .m . hmu if interested	0
the year old dressed up for her day out in milan on thursday sporting a plunging black top and caged heels as she made strides along	0
when briana s stans try to make her nam trending gt she just got th thats with our help tho while just a minutes amp brouisisfake got rd d	0
after wednesday s twilight market check out the lovely local lights like these in gladesville drive . invite friends !	1
it sets a dangerous example . . .not all may be as lucky as yakub to have an old letter to rescue .	0
me after listening to black friday by kendrick for the first time	0
yeh looked sick u c ahhh that u s probably a no wont u t get back from soundwave fest in croatia til the th !	2
andre villas boas talking like there may actually be some truth to the stories about adebayor wanting to leave u u u u u u u . great signing .	1
murray gets the break he needed . even s things in the rd . anderson has sets to fail if murray hopes to win .	0
hatha yoga student would do well to learn about the play of opposites represented by the sun and moon . start . . .	0
ok going to laguna . . . be back tomorrow . . no wifi . . . can t use my phone to have internet cause more bills are coming . . bye guys	2
i can t wait to see nicki at the vma s tomorrow	1
why did no one tell me madonna is going to be at the verizon center on friday ! ?	0
prince confirmed that he and jay z will release an album september . paisleypark minneapolis	1
rt names you may know on lokomotiv s roster pavol demitra karlis skrastins karel rachunek ruslan salei josef vasicek	0
hey jennifer . what is your source for your article about zlatan will be in istanbul on the th of aug . thanks a lot .	0
 . is replacing frank ocean with for the saturday night headliner spot .	0
going to the foo fighters on the th ! ! now just gotta see when rhcp comes out here	1
done reading aug rate star review check it out on goodreads and google bibliophile book	1
in her hands on workshop session at the th international cloud expo u c diane mueller u c the cloud evangelist for a . . .	0
it ll be a cold day in hell before you got me anywhere near that sunday line up . i d rather see the foo fighters .	2
come see us play with heroes for hire at the lair on dec st ! so many amazing bands are playing you can t miss it ! ! 	1
if anyone sees cate blanchett today can you let her know i may be late for our hot starwars date ? sydstorm theforceawakens flightdelay	1
celtics game tomorrow night at ! ! how about a hometown win !	0
i miss my kitty . . he used to chase the sun reflection of my ipod on the wall . .	0
will tie his season high when he catches his th td sunday ! go colts !	1
megavideo is being such a little bitch tonight . i don t understand it . ugh . i just want to watch the last episode of merlin kay	2
 describeyourphobia running into caitlyn jenner in the dark . . . or the light . . . or in the midday sun . . . or at all . i m scared of ghouls	2
 . katy perry may have married russell brand but at least she doesn t have a wig made out of straw you fuckin jamoke	2
sup universe ? if crows lose tonight and belfort loses tomorrow i will go jason russell on the streets of adelaide . don t let this happen .	2
justin bieber wrapped up a generous qualifications which could speak to the better than she may endeavour at first private	1
for a look at why the next debate will be a lot tougher for carly fiorina than the last one was .	0
this friday system of a down ice cube playing straight outta compton iggy pop cyprus hill and the airborne toxic event gt gt gt gt 	0
jgh from spc with yfc rd years . masaya na nakakalungkot . i hope for our change guys . yfcpublishingisulong	1
chris i m going to disneyland tomorrow buy me new toy ok little one	1
watching cannavaro on the nd even more embarrassing .	2
netanyahu will be in london to meet david cameron on september join the protest outside downing street to oppose his visit . am to pm	0
dollar gains on euro amid greek woes new york the euro sagged against the dollar on thursday as the revised g . . .	0
yikes ! daylight savings is sunday november nd this weekend ! help your kids adjust to the time change with . . .	0
amy schumer backstage at the hollywood film awards november gomezupdate	0
apple watch sales sluggish but will catch on says analyst is the apple watch a flop so far ? hmm that may or may not be the case . b . . .	0
nigeria s military said monday it had besieged boko haram positions in the islamist militant group s . . .	1
rah some of your questions . may allah guide you to real knowledge of islam because you come across a lacking it	0
a very happy birthday to prince george ! the cutest prince in the whole darn land .	1
not gonna lie rewatching nicki s performance for about the th time right now	1
real madrid coach jose mourinho faces further selection dilemmas ahead of sunday u s la liga trip to real mallorca u c with sami khedi . . . fb	2
i have snuck into the sunday night vip party at acl . . got to meet dave grohl and party open bar style	0
you should finish with a freestyle cover of bad blood or when doves cry .	0
i put do not take out or upload a nd time for example youtube vimeo tudou youku etc its the same thing .	2
rt congratulations miss usa st runner up ! so proud to have represent the rg . . . 	1
 days ago paul dunne finished t at the old waverly collegiate championship . tomorrow he s playing in the final pairing at theopen	0
may or may not be addicted to the cold apple cider from dunkin	1
physics tomorrow is going to be a shit show	2
remember to rsvp for our free writer u s workshop next thursday with rosanne bane . rosanne is a creativity coach . . .	0
i wanna yank off donald trump s toupee but it may bite me	2
i took this on saturday night at the nekromantix gig in sydney nekroman lux nekromantix psychobilly	0
i saw pitch perfect tonight and freaking loved it ! ! anna kendrick is my new wife and i think i may be in lov	1
five bottles left of stone brewing s th anniversary double ipa . abv brewed with lemon verbana and rye . . for a oz .	0
i really hope i go to disneyland tomorrow just because i didn t do my essay	1
so st official day of football ! so excited ! can t wait for some jets football monday night !	1
i may not be a huge u fan but bono s mullet in the s was superb !	1
haha edge is my nd favorite wrestler all time to hbk . so it s worth it for me	1
ant man starts tonight ! runs fri mon at pm nightly amp is rated pg . see you at the movies 	1
hullo nicki ! thanks for invite twas in the same venue last wed !	1
mallshow with the pbbunlimited big wendy u c divine u c deniesse at pacific mall legaspi landco plaza u c april u c pm ! kitakits u c taongbayan 	0
rt keen for the eagles game today . goeagles	0
she surprised me with jason aldean tickets for tomorrow night ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !	1
could someone please explain to me why my dmu account is still working ? i ve graduated ! ! i do not want to attend a seminar next thursday . .	2
don u t forget u c tomorrow is the annual general body meeting ! come out to learn more about isat and the organizations we are affiliated with !	0
the student debate at dmu is now confirmed for pm on november th ! exact details to follow	0
my best friends starts touring with madonna tomorrow gt 	1
i made it to boston ! going to my first red sox game tomorrow ! jacked bahston clamchowder bigpapi freebrady	1
true true . but they gave luffy his gear nd which i guess is the samething as naruto s beast mode .	0
i wanna go to the gay club tomorrow night	1
 per team source the redskins will bring in some kickers for workouts tomorrow u c after billy cundiff u s poor . . .	0
lorax is on for the rd time today ! dammit i was tryna hold off on finishing this book u c can u t put it down reading	2
interested ? my exclusive td bank denies allegation it aided billion ponzi fraud nd only to madoff	2
 topgear bbc s top gear with chris evans starts on may new top gear has con . . . 	0
the blazers aint shit tho lmao wait for the hawks game tomorrow	0
three of our newspaper team are off to london with miss reay tomorrow as they re nominated for a national award for best community newspaper	1
richie hawtin tuesday buffalo town ball room don u t miss it !	1
she said it may be funny nicki said that to miley but now the media is going to take miley s side you know they re going portray nicki 	0
she is like staring at the sun she could easily blind someone jason aldean	1
thursday final ratings astronaut wives amp under the dome flat big brother slips amp beauty and the beast rises batb	0
i u m dropping becca off tomorrow and then going to ash	0
 sorry guys but iron maiden has taken over serious xm for the wk . be back monday	0
there are so many foo fighters songs i d love to see live but i think february stars is the one i d like to see the most	1
finally starting the th season of dexter . see ya later weekend !	1
come on leslie where is your christmas spirit a miracle could happen tomorrow is harvey day then the degromatior then thor	0
new story norfolk woman dies in crash a woman from northeast nebraska died saturday morning when the car she w . . .	2
i hear you re snl . my fav alums are eddie murphy jan hooks chris farley and norm macdonald . all relatively old school .	1
 talklikeyourbestfriend c u mon big ben ! we u ll never win the super bowl if you keep throwing a pick six all the time !	2
she might be most artists tend to get knocked off after the st week unless they re gaga or beyonce or something haha x	0
gowns at the ready girls u c q update tomorrow !	0
i didn t watch it like i m watching naruto but have i sat amp watched some episodes ? yes	0
and i just watched thor for like the th time last night	1
me and just sat here for fucking mins trying to find out what nirvana meant in how deep is your love saddos	2
taylor swift may be single for the rest of her life but hey at least i love her	1
peter capaldi states the bbc has no substitute well what s channel you selfish parasite	2
the force was not with him when jeb bush tried to get social on forcefriday marketing millennials	2
it has been almost years since kurt cobain the lead of nirvana died .i find it truely amazing that his legacy still lives on . may he r .i .p	1
actually i was at the rd or th one . do you remember which show was milan ?	0
lowering the rims may be the one thing that will turn me off to wbb . my attraction to wbb over nba is fundimentals	0
ugh why everyone going to athens saturday night . go friday !	2
is the iphone s coming out sept th to t mobile stores as well ? if so what can i do about reserving one to jump ?	0
ea e news you may have missed simcity confirmed for feb simcity social for facebook crysis feb release c 	0
iran said sunday new us visa regulations for visitors from mainly european countries but including iran flies in the face of tehran s	0
july nd isn t just prince george s birthday . a very happy birthday to nearly million who will be celebrating their special day	1
sharknado tomorrow if your not excited you ain t living right	1
ricky gervais friday night with jonathan ross part of via	0
so excited to see the foo fighters tomorrow dreamcometrue	1
i watched a video of linkin park at rock im park and found my friend in the first row like times d thank god i stood in the nd lol	1
may happen . if he can win wi ia u c or pa u c he won u t need nh nv . just needs co u c fl va n addition t safe red states .	0
solar gazing with pro equipment . meet pm sat july cawfields hadrian s wall north of haltwhistle . check here . . .	0
another awesome tweetup this time in cebu with a rafa tard ! great meeting you thank you ! see you u c monday . zubuchon on us ! ! !	1
according to rolling stone the straight outta compton ost will not be released august st but will anounce the release date saturday .	0
the st season of hand of god with will be available on amazon prime . wtg loved you in blacklist !	1
crazy how naruto is still getting new chapters except now he s the th hokage . makes me feel old as fuck .	2
echo entertainment news jade wright previews the best programmes on tv tonight thursday anyone who accuses c . . .	1
come and see bee gees fever at theatre on the steps bridgnorth this friday and saturday . tickets nearly gone . . .don t miss out ! !	1
got a photoshoot day on this sat at nlc . just mention cos you u d asked abt piccies other wk . let me know if you want a slot booked . d	0
and ice cube still hasn t gotten the greenlight for that last friday movie	2
cme evidence suggests combo treatment may be the best option for dme . posterior segment drug delivery is also key .	1
drink in my hand by eric church is the perfect song for leaving work on friday	1
htc announces two new smartphones the radar and the titan htc announced two new windows smartphones today a . . .	0
conor mcgregor was very fortunate he was fighting chad mendes and not frankie edgar on saturday .	1
 . . .that you may not die o house of israel . . .	0
bbc must be disappointed about bloody sunday ! ! it was years ago when are you going to get ira in court ? leave our troops alone !	2
wellllllll . big brother is on at . so i gotta see when dcc is on . i may be watching it friday on demand . 	1
on the th day of xmas my true love gave to me mini drumlets french fries apple pies amp a chicken from kfc fastfooddaysofxmas	1
finally watching edge of tomorrow nd surprise surprise tom cruise is annoying in it	2
i ve got the shitternet tonight . . . no stream . hopefully tomorrow will be gucci . sorry guys !	1
that sucks if you have to take the sats tomorrow	2
 th oar concert of tonight at art park ! ladies want hooked up with vip amp a hey girl ! traveled from philly this !	0
can u t wait to see in south africa on the th dude is on another level . . . check this out	1
great save by howard thought kane got his st of the season then tho efc coyb	1
i can t imagine charles darwin would have just sat back and accepted there was no evolutionary purpose for a narwal horn . scientists ? !	0
attention queens . i finally found a good copy of magic mike xxl so i will be watching it a rd and th time with whoever hasn t seen it yet	1
 u clockwinder who wouldn u t say no u . launch at the commons on tuesday . the biog of the late david taylor is the untold story of a virtuous mp .	0
september born on this day joan jett the runaways no . single with the blackhearts i love rock n roll .	1
rt if you haven t decided where to watch the match tonight yet join espn s and i at the fountain court at clar . . .	0
it s . am i can t sleep . just bought two pairs of sun glasses online n caught up on hulk hogan news . livin the dream . . .	1
fuck cc . curtis may have been the villain but let s not forget just how complacent cc was in throwing effie under the bus	2
hi may i ask you for your help . can you hook me up with used second hand console ps or xboxone ? ? thanks in advance	0
the sun shall not smite i by day nor the moon by night and everything that i do shall be upfull and right . bob marley	1
city will come rd in that group . sevilla will top it juventus runners up	1
did you miss the espy awards on wednesday ? check out the amazing tribute video to pat summitt . rocky top books . . .	1
george osborne presented the first budget of this parliament on wednesday july . the speech set out his . . .	0
is this the best you can do sun ? lol john cena can generate more heat than this pffftt .	0
listening to duelo pesado with so ready for saturday to dance dance dance	0
life is full of tough decisions . for example do i wear the kevin owens shirt or the brock lesnar shirt to monday night raw tonight ?	0
more about nothing x wale friday night lights x j .cole the movie x gucci the lonny breaux collection x frank ocean is mixtapes you need	0
i m going to ihop tomorrow .	0
you just get yourself right skip . . . milan in may	0
measure out half an th put it in a shell . split it then i roll it then light it up like it s independence day	0
i could be going to see foo fighters tomorrow night . but no i just haad to play for church . . . x d d 	2
embarrassed cardinals try to pick up the pieces tempe ariz . ap embarrassed on monday night the arizona ca . . .	2
everybody with cable is going to be so hungover friday . the official gop debate drinking game rules rolling stone 	0
if i have the belief that i can do it i shall surely acquire the capacity to do it even if i may not have it at the beginning . gandhi	1
tomorrow shall consist of watching will ferrell films with my fave people and chinese food u c sweet .	1
it u s not fair u c dear . . . truthbetold will be available in taiwan on u c nov . it u s tomorrow ! !	2
game day ! red stars meet philly fever for the st time this season at pm ct in egg harbor nj . follow twitter for live updates .	1
how about this ? anti woman policies scott walker may want voters to forget 	2
excellent gig friday pantera amp iron maiden tribute bands . those are the times you wished you hair to head bang heavymetal	1
really pumped about knock bag on friday w and sheeps and others ! doors pm at rich mix .	0
with joe biden campaign fun about to begin via election 	1
in case you re having a bad day eid break starts from next thursday !	0
kendrick in black friday gt j cole in it	0
don u t miss plies at belo nightclub on saturday with z . san diego ! ! get your tickets now . . .	1
size in the gucci foams tomorrow 	0
joe kelly wins his th straight start red sox beat phillies ! is kelly the sox best starter ?	0
cyborg saw rousey s numbers and how she was trending and all of a sudden she can make lbs by december lmao	0
changing my name to dustin johnson because that s what just happened on the th choke gameofthrows	0
bingo with curtis ! tonight at pm on the st floor in the community room .	1
last day of our max conference here at twickers with mark and eric up presenting the roadmap after an awesome st day yesterday maxcc	1
so like next semester the music will progress to dashboard confessional taking back sunday and brand new ?	0
i move in tomorrow and i m not done packing but like . . . maybe i ll just binge watch game of thrones . . .	1
does anybody want tickets to go see zac brown band on august ? for the both of them . dm me or jimmy if you re interested ! !	0
yeah i still remember their hq at hongdae . so small . so happy that they r the rd largest company in kpop now	1
follow and meet her on november . she deserves to meet you u ccrew justin . she u ll be at the bell center at !	0
moving on . . .watching red tails with the bestie for the rd time in days	0
with krul injured for newcastle does that mean that rob elliot will start in goal ? has he been on bench this season or rd choice . cafc	2
are in milan recruiting on wed sept for hospitality we look forward to meeting you . info at 	1
delaware junction festival with jason aldean florida georgia line and more on august . . . . baltimoredeals	0
i have tickets for jason aldean cole swindell and tyler farr on september rd . text me if you want them	0
review nas s new album rapper nas performs during the espy awards in los angeles on july . life is . . .	0
binghamton ny i will see you on friday sept !	1
goodnight y all ipad see you tomorrow 	1
thank you abc . . crossfire hurricane is on ! sunday night viewing at its best . rollingstones	1
why are the vikings ruining my thursday nite ? they can lose a game any nite so don t f up my big brother nite . bbwhereareyou	2
trent richardson is the bad weather back the cleveland browns have long needed bill livingston u s mon . . . cleveland	2
fran says paterno was very congenial to the media in his early years . age perhaps betrayal by media may be part of his rift with media .	2
the tweet is from january during the charlie hebdo crisis .	0
who is the guard from yelm that dropped in the curtis jamboree monday night ?	0
can t wait to see david wright in the lineup tomorrow ! really missed him ! yagottabelieve lgm	1
nokia n will not launch in the united states nokia confirmed on tuesday that its flagship meego powered n sma . . .	0
kohls has about fifteen racks of pats stuff and nothing red sox come on i want a new shirt for the game tomorrow	0
so john henson play on the team tues .	0
mother s day is coming like tomorrow or is it today ? idk but i didn t prepare anything for me s mom .	2
watched the mens m at the london grand prix sure michael frater didnt have any underwear on he looked like his rd leg was hanging free	0
 msnbc what does this tell us ? big brother holds its broadcast lead on thursday night but scripted fare falters against the gopdebate 	0
part of me hopes undertakers gonna win but compared to brock lesnar i just don t know what s gonna happen .	1
i m going to listen to dashboard confessional now thanks may	1
i have a minute flight tomorrow morning . fuck sleeping tonight . i m going to sleep on the plane and listen to yoko kanno .	2
criticism of rick perry is ridiculous which choice ? obama s hip hop barbecue two days ago or perry praying for the president today ?	2
 we good day chris evans quits tfi friday due to top gear commitments	0
not sleeping till i see nicki first day of school tomorrow but i gotta see her vmas vma 	1
my ps won t turn on . i may or may not have just lost everything on this piece of shit console .	2
twitter poked fun at floyd mayweather s display against manny pacquiao on saturday night with a host of memes and virals with some	0
i am the only cab at th and colorado . . am i in the twilight zone ? better break my glasses to be sure !	0
that u s what i figured . we suspect you may be experiencing some issues related to the storm u c maria . we u re working on it ! dgm	2
just for clarification spock is referring to time travel in that quote it might be possible by gingrich s th year in office .	1
interested in a fieldtrip this sat . to check out the annual snow goose migration ? text or call becky at 	1
i hope tho hive will be fast to upload the video and audio of the performance tomorrow so i can have it on my ipod	0
i u m going to the duke game on saturday . haha . duke . what u a joke they are .	2
i know it s not your neck of the woods but do you happen to know a spot i can watch the milan game on the th in nyc ?	0
may allah forgive me if im wrong for saying this but i think allah is testing muslims with wars etc to purify us and wake us up	0
can u t wait to see u flight u with denzel washington on tomorrow ! bam ! 	1
thor sat with him through all of it easing his pain as best he could with remedies thor has been taught on asgard . he 	0
hurry over to the in they just played marilyn manson followed by iron maiden . power sunday !	1
playstation network maintenance scheduled for october that u ll be the new store then . exciting !	1
this may have changed my mind about buying an apple watch .	0
just informed my mother of the fact that i m skipping school tomorrow to binge watch vampire diaries	0
you may not like the guy but you have that kanye west track that makes you go . . yerrrrrrtt	0
brock lesnar and the undertaker in their may december feud raw	0
 pac may be dead but there is someone alive and kicking you know who this is kanye west .	0
i think it may be ideology religion free and open speech charlie hebdo and yes bombing in syria ! ! !	2
i m wearing my kony shirt for the st time . i feel lame lmao 	2
may this new year bring much goodness to rahul gandhi that he starts thinking about development of india !	1
i smooth just set aside stacks for the grammys in february .	0
new topic heavy metal thor viking cosplay considered racist this may be better suited for the political . . .	2
article a bro is required to go out with his bros on official bro holidays halloween u c new year u s eve u c and desperation day february 	0
bad times when u missed waterloo road last thursday when in tenerife and dont realise it was the last episode notfair	2
i need someone to see jason aldean with tomorrow . aha	0
this is the first time in four years i can actually say tgif bc i finally don t have saturday classes anymore thankskua	1
boy . . .kenryn just asked me if nicki goin march in a second line . . .lmaoo	0
not just christians you are in the prayers of all of us humans .may you stay safe and be free soon !god bless .	1
i d love for someone to come down here the th amp see ed sheeran with me	1
look at the date . it was january after charlie hebdo . don t be so willing to confirm your biases .	0
last day of bca tomorrow . lori of off say yes to dress has breast cancer . 	2
such a lovely table decoration for a special night ! ! ! may you smell christmas ? ? london hr jobs recruiter	1
illogical things are not democracy . after deutschen nazis accussing angela merkel in betrayal she may crack them by police to be clear	2
t mobile stops sales of lumia just two months after release the lumia went august cool tech ! ! !	0
becks shows love for son brooklyn with new buster tattoo washington d .c . sep david beckham might just . . .	1
angela merkel is a true leader . she has to tell a yr girl she cant have everyone stay in germany	1
claytons practice chat sessions pm fri sat this weekend in forums new chat room . very relaxed . join us ! if you re a claytoneer 	1
 fsdgiveaway wiley post malone and ice cube back to back to back may be the most lit thing i ve ever heard of	0
hearing will be the main event vs umberto lucci in milan on sep . on undercard . cw pounds .	0
not the st time . . . thr are billion kpop fans worldwide queens may be small kpop isn t	0
nlc inservice days on the monday and tuesday chris . . .another days where teachers aren u t even doing a half days work 	0
so taker hbk had the nd to least amount of blood ? that shocks me cause hbk was in pool of his own blood at the end .	2
bobby jindal may not be the best speaker but he is a solid conservative has experience governing and seems to be an honest man .	1
david wright went for and played full game at third base for st . lucie tonight . due to be activated monday .	0
the a sun is shining over the eternal city ! ! it is a perfect day for a lovely stroll through the stunning imperial . . .	1
save the date august summerslam main event the undertaker vs . brock lesnar . .gonna be epic . . wwe	1
this may be controversial but i am inclined to argue that the lgbt community owes support to joe biden for outing democrats on gay marriage	1
on september madonna s first album debuted at on the billboard top albums chart in the usa . the . . .	0
australian directioners ! up all night tour dvd will be posted tomorrow u c you guys should be getting them some time on friday or so .	0
i only give kendrick his props because of his rapping style on black friday his lyrical sense is there as well but it s cole or die for me	0
first colbert show tonight . jeb on . sanders on thursday . trump on fallon friday . should all be good for a few chuckles .	1
i may be on ps so make sure you give me a shout on here 	1
when you remember sony is trying to make bible study mandatory on sunday nights	1
joseph arthur tomorrow at lincoln hall with rndm a new project feat . jeff ament from pearl jam .	0
great season th grade lady vikings ! tough loss to pioneer tonight . viking pride !	1
is anyone else going to see ed sheeran at blossom on the th ?	0
medical for mario lemina tomorrow at juventus . another one bites the dust om	0
 grooves pierce this friday sept th kendrick perkins nba back to camp party with and okc teammates 	0
not being funny but is it true that saudi conceded that they got it wrong by declaring eid on the friday ? . . . . .	0
can confirm first hand paul mccartney was fantastic on friday night . worth dealing with the human detritus .	1
yes we are to let people see the glory of god working through us . shine on christians .	1
 years ago tonight i was on the last bus after nirvana s st dublin gig . here s a radio essay about it . in	0
tv channels having know all anchors could not make enough programs to fill days of eid .they kept repeating st day programs . what a shame .	2
see you saturday you sure this prince george is the right pub hahahha	1
john kasich may is just jeb bush from the a different state . he s a mealy mouthed squish .	2
former minister slfp member najeeb a majeed may appoint as cm of the eastern province . but can t confirm the news still	0
giants rd round pick failed drug test at nfl combine jayron holsey knew it would hurt him bec . . . newyork sports	2
i don t think zayn is getting enough sun no wonder he hasn t tweeted yet	0
looking fwd to my s first hit out against dv tonight . derby tmrw u c rest sunday u c birthday monday . i can smell you long weekend it u s so good	1
win free tickets to party with roger sanchez this friday u c september th at hq nightclub by tagging the . . .	0
hanging out with pip and estella on a rainy saturday .	0
interesting visit with terra nova yesterday at stoneleigh blowing a hoolie and voyager . wasn t moving class tent .	1
cool out mondays goes down tomorrow night at the gin mill . . . grown folks only ! !	0
yall shld came down for ghoe n greensboro nc ncatsu . its still going down tomorrow nite . fuk w us .	0
correction marching band is cancelled tomorrow u c why in the world wld we think they had common sense to cancel school so early duh !	2
those who are in christ christians are called to live a surrendered life . put christ st in everything you do !	0
the boys won the voting for mtvstars ! ! lady gaga came nd ! ! s	1
in the inters of being fail and balanced may i present the galaxy note .	0
zayn reminds me of rih . this may be blasphemous to say but i feel like he s about to be a male version of her which is good	1
aug ab brewers challenged tag play call on the field was upheld kris bryant singles on a line drive to center fielder shane	0
andrew luck is going to be on the september th cover of the rolling stone . that s badass .	1
agree with amp david cameron . rehoming migrants may help our morals but it doesn t fight the cause of problem	0
bahraini prince to visit gaza on thursday a bahraini prince will on thursday make a rare trip to the gaza strip . . .	0
this friday night terra nova football is playing one of our teams up here . . . i can do a little something for you guys if you want . . .	0
here comes the weekend .james bond tonight f from india sat sun come on jenson boro v bolton and a good weather forecast for photos !	1
so my dean ambrose stuff left ohio at am so it should be here monday or tuesday cause i live in michigan	0
looks a lot like the redskins fumble from this past sunday .	0
such an interesting sound at the time for me less so after curtis but remember the storm blue monday caused	1
friday u s the main day ! ! ! ! knicks vs heat	1
wes fucking with wednesday adams and gonna get everyone life in prison .	2
watching ghost rider this is a lot different from the st . . .	0
by joseph ax and steve ginsburg new york sept reuters tom brady triumphed over the national football league on thursday when a	0
this has been a dope week finished season of american horror story beat devil may cry and bought hella ps games . all i care about x 	1
well . . . iron maiden have just released their th studio album today . . . quite prog rock in places . . .	1
such a lovely table decoration for a special night ! ! ! may you smell christmas ? ?	1
totally worth watching nirvana s st interview w mtv if only for banter towards the end .	1
got murray at . surprised but my cousin took antonio brown at . rodgers fell to me in the nd . stashed foster away in the th . love it .	1
dozin at the knick by grateful dead cd oct discs arista 	1
i can t wait for zayn tomorrow when he just attend the vmas it s going to be fire .	1
predicted right now to be in the orange bowl playing rutgers on jan . 	0
not the oldest . but the nd son . i can t see anyone having more babies than lil wayne or bob marley .	0
vermalen and in defence ! belgium are going to be difficult to score against when playing their st back england	2
a rwandan pastor has made the record of conducting the largest conversion of christians to muslims on tuesday . . .	0
i see . i hope it will survive . if not you only have new when things break . apple may announce a big size ipad tomorrow	1
and just think . . . .virgo david price will be getting even better when jupiter goes into virgo august . . .	1
i may not remember where i was the day kennedy was shot but i remember jerking off the first time i watched katy perry s i kissed a girl . 	1
sbc red lions clinch win first finals game over the letran knights . next game will be on saturday pm smart araneta coliseum .	1
it was in th grade . she drew justin bieber and frank for me too . she even drew obama for the school to hang up .	0
i think i m going to flash my galaxy note tomorrow	1
rt safest place to be in tottenham tonight is the spurs trophy cabinet . there s no chance of looters vi . . .	0
brian kelly just told north carolina my team is stronger than your team with that qb sneak on th and ndfb ndvsunc	1
from my nd family katherine m . a student in nyc got an internship with amy schumer . . .now that s cool .	1
wow people really go in on the extra sugary donuts at am on a friday . picking up our box o joe at dunkin . production	1
only just got round to watching the st half of crossfire hurricane . have come to the conclusion i was born in the wrong era	2
ed sheeran is gonna be here on the th why am i poor	0
wwe just announced sting will start off raw this upcoming monday	1
thurs wanna watch big hero six with thor amp tanner today ? thortheelf 	0
please please please stop with the requests for ice cube s son amp dc young fly to star in a new friday movie .	2
eu may bring back border controls angela merkel suggests lt admittance that she s been wrong all along ? hope so . . .	0
 in the last round . started the day at tied th place ended up winner . nick watney .	0
moderate heavier rain moving toward racine . . .should be dry for the th annual st . patrick s day parade though starts ! bring sunscreen	0
amazon listen to ad free music online with amazon here and sign up for free	1
good article on the ins and outs of josh hamilton s contract . rsm 	1
as happy as i am to be going to disneyland this saturday i wish i was going next friday for dapper day instead .	1
alright run it mek we done it ! ! ! ambozia july oneil u s place bar u ckaraoke lounge maddd rasss	1
the giants and red sox may have recent world series championships but they haven t been consistently good like the cardinals .	0
 nd visit to david bowie is last night and i already feel like i should be going again ! absolutely amazing exhibition ! thank you ! lt 	1
 oct sgfg is out oct mtv ema s in milan tell me i m not the only one who hopes that will be in italy sheskindahotvma ema 	1
a little country on a saturday night with jason aldean and kenny chesney	0
it s the nd half between tanzaniavnigeria . . . afconqualifier . . .not easy for the super eagles . . .	0
meant to say i enjoyed ur butter at lough erne monday night ! gave the table a full brief on ur wares ! !	1
wonder about the ira s bloody sunday monday tuesday friday and saturday . . .adam mcguinness protected species ?	2
is hoping to get him the special beer from stone brewing comp and save it for jt for his st birthday . 	1
and in sunday night football the denver broncos defeated the new orleans saints to .	0
josh hamilton just walked off the yankees . bluejays get game closer to st tonight	0
casillas when ancelotti told me that i will play the cups i thought it may be a very good year or a very bad year and it went well . 	1
welp going to need a ps by march .	0
there s only one minister in harper s pantheon and he s prime . . . may contain antibiotics hgh gmo . . . 	0
scott walker may actual be dumber than he looks which would be impressive	2
yo dude we should chill tomorrow u c i hit up cole and luke and so far they are willin to chill so it would be us 	0
happy nd birthday to prince george aka the cutest little thing on the planet	1
check us out airs every friday on the cw network and covers charleston sc to brunswick ga	0
congrats to disney for managing to keep ant man as the movie for a nd weekend with a paltry . million take . boxoffice	1
one akp mp said on sunday that whatever the result of the upcoming snap elections will be they will make erdogan president .	0
super excited for homecoming saturday with monroe ! d my new nephew is here but i can u t see him 	1
 good morning kerry ! happy friday ! wishing you a safe and awesome labor day weekend !	1
just found out i won tickets to see a fleetwood mac tribute band tomorrow night . is it sad that i m really excited about this ?	1
im going to be the black dahlia tomorrow and no ones going to get it because everyone is stupid .	2
is hosting snl on nov . it will be epic . like if the ghosts of gilda radner john belushi mated w bill murray had a comedy baby	0
if kanye west runs for president and gets it this means kim kardashian will be the st lady oh my god the world is a beautiful place	1
football mercyhurst bentley halftime bannerman takes it in from the with seconds in half his nd td of game ne d fb	0
a special presentation was made to jamie carragher ahead of thursday night s europa league clash with fc gomel at . . .	0
can it just be the th when finals are done and thor and i are getting wasted with my family in the hottub	0
if paul dunne wins theopen i think it may eclipse in irish sporting achievements .	1
here are the air times for series episode across the world . . . uk sep at pm on bbc one and bbc . . .	1
 u up all night u s u maya rudolph u saturday night live u training u prepares you for anything u maya rudolph u c . . . tv news	0
demba ba is rated as u u to make newcastle u s trip to liverpool on sunday u c with the striker nursing a calf injury .	0
let the debate begin eli or big ben when the steelers play the giants on sunday u c there will be something swirling . . .	0
i ll gladly accept tickets to the colts game this sunday	1
occupy unmasked with andrew breitbart citizens united productions via cheery monday ! lol or no ? ? ?	1
david miliband on bbcqt ! this is going to be a wild thursday night !	1
saw this an it made me think of cougar town . . . can u t wait for january ! ! !	1
november george harrison was being treated for terminal cancer in new york . he knew he didn t have much . . .	0
boko haram now militants not terrorists says leadership . conspiracy theorists get to work i want my tl occupied with articles by monday	2
who wants to go to london with me on november th and see mockingjay and meet jennifer lawrence	1
 st free .edom taken away . cant buy your size of soft drinks . nd .religious freedom for catholics . next ? obama . . .coming for you	2
im not getting on twitter tomorrow because all my tl will consist of is a bunch of girls talking about justin beiber aintgottimeforthatshit	2
the nd act released onto the future one line up is the massive organ donors ! th november city nightclub falkirk . nutcases	0
i can t wait to watch it this august everything about caitlyn jenner irritates me . . when i see the ad of her reality tv show . .	2
these niggas been showin the return of derrick rose commercials ever since the summer but he not comin back til like march . .	2
josh hamilton the best st pitch player in baseball gets a slow hanging curveball down the middle amp just looks at it . lol	0
i fell just like a lot of madonna s old songs for real thats how i live i don t know about everybody else but yeah it may	1
 surface the florida mall u c orlando u c fl is the closest msft store to me . can u t wait to be there tomorrow !	1
i have english tomorrow but it honestly doesn u t bother me for some reason . rella always makes my day . don u t ask	1
 wwe debuting new children s series saturday morning slam on the cw network at a .m . est today . .	0
sixteen saltines th u c freedom at th u c i u m shakin after the game nlcshakin	0
 unique mark patterns made by the oil of the fingertip on the glass of the iphone screen when using different apps 	1
today on the jasmine brand lil wayne says atl crowd sux beyonce in part of wtt trailer rihanna straddles old man	0
as i never have tweeted a line from the new paul mccartney song i dreamed of a while ago here is a line you may be sitting on a bus 	0
shawn and i are going to get to look at beyonce tomorrow . because i have some of the best team in the entire world . but . . .	1
so excited to see kerry when she comes back off holiday tomorrow	1
holy shit the guy who made kony is gonna be on the today show tomorrow . guys hes still alive kony kony 	1
 twitition mcfly come back to argentina but this time we want to come to mar del plata ! ! !	1
 bmf usa vettel announces that he will use his th full engine in austin and he won t take part in qualy beacause he will start from pitlane	0
demba ba injury not so serious so he should be fit for liverpool this sunday lets hope he scans ok that u s the main thing	2
rosie did start it when he gave a miss usa a nd chance with drug rehab . rosie stated throwing mud and he took her on .	0
kane may have bitten off more the he can chew	0
i will have it by tomorrow ! ! i m on my ipod now haha . when you free	1
paterno wouldnt be charged . all hearsay on him and he did do his job minimal as may be . he reported it . rest is speculation .	0
eh . . . first day chinese new year is feb th . . .	0
many gays come out twice . st as gay . nd as a katy perry fan . many cowards remain in the katy closet . congratulations	0
mavs will beat the lakers tomorrow accepting all bets	1
i don t have the figures but i find hyderabadi muslims much more educated in comparison to other parts . may not be due to mim	0
i didn t know the th pillar of islam was heterosexuality	0
john kasich is th republican to enter the race for white house	0
flint r u villa ? ? join us for the grand opening friday with club . s lv and ricky burns ! !	1
may he forgot israel isn t syria or afganistan . . .we will see if he beat or he will be beaten hard	2
got so excited because today is thursday and grey u s anatomy was coming on . but then reminded me that it u s not . crushed	1
an interesting toy . looks like the the swatch ceo isn t a fan of the apple watch via guardiantech 	2
played the song u ain u t no need to worry album version u by the winans on	0
i m up before pm on a wednesday . . . who am i and what have i done with curtis ?	0
jealous of everyone going to jason aldean tomorrow night	2
ive had the most f d up week from having my big brother passing on tuesday to my phone drowning in beer which i dont even drink 	2
ffs fell asleep with an open position on murray during the th set .	0
don t troll people curtis tables may turn and lee will hunt you down and take you on telly . . . . 	2
samove northcote rugby ladies night out june in support of the under s australian tour	0
 nd day back at stockton and ihop is the only thing that can save me and sounds like a normal day	1
i m from holland ! jamming on steal my girl after the wwa movie on sunday	0
david wright with sharp single to left and mets have two on for cuddyer vs . alexi ogando with one out in th .	0
trash ol ? theyve looked excellent so far . trash rbs ?j stew ran for yards in the final games last season nd only to murray	1
he better not pull a frank ocean on us on god i will lose my shit	0
procter isn u t even here yet for my sat room and everyone else is about to start . . .how awesome is that ?	1
sugar bowl for breakfast then stamford mall with friends from denmark . basketball tryouts for th grade . it u s going to be a very long day .	0
since september is batman day i m having a batman month . we start off with the greatest batman story ever batman	1
i m over here tryna do this work before classes start tomorrow and nicki is being the shady bitch queen she is and i just lost all focus	2
i m going to spontaneously skip the shower . betcha my coworkers appreciate it as much as hillary s voters will .	0
oh i know . that sunday vs the red sox made me feel unnatural things	0
 then idk he danger we in a whip full w deals weapons beyonce new cd night almost killed me im n self preservation bro	2
what is nippu ? is it an ideology ? a form of dissension ? or a pathway to nirvana ? i must admit that they may be all three . . .	0
i love so much r u going to digi tour october 	1
rt revisit madonna th studio album rumor update there are several rumors regarding the new madonna . . . . . .	0
i m going to give you two answers and you may decide which one is accurate . . on google . in a sex dungeon	1
lol . yeah i kinda think i do . . .i heard you were in milan italy ne ? how is it ? october is perfect !	1
world champion wrestler hulk hogan finally may have met an opponent he can t beat his own mouth tvonline	0
blackpool illuminations run now up till th november . but who remembers the illuminations closer to home ? we . . .	0
football .tafadhali nipe ya real madrid .mi ni fan wa the real mbaya . monday football .	0
 bye felicia is an ice cube line from friday . and suge knight is a blood red wardrobe amp immediate conflict with snoop . .	0
milan derby just after the international break with juventus v roma tomorrow .	0
happy nd birthday prince george may your day be filled with fun and puppies ! happybirthdayprincegeorge	1
time to hit the sheets ! running a half marathon tomorrow at pomona fairplex for srla srla goodnight	0
mtv just loves to keep reminding me that teen wolf isn t on tomorrow	0
my mufc xi for super sunday de gea u c rafa u c rio u c evans u c evra u c clevz u c nani u c young u c roo u c chicha u c rvp . what about you ?	0
thanks curtis ! hope you have an awesome friday the th !	1
you definitely wanna check in tomorrow for thecruzshow ice cube will be talking to us ! am only on you already know !	1
for anyone who likes both scott walker and backstreet boys here s a double bill for you ! and probably only you . 	0
my submission for the dark souls story contest . you all may as well quit now i got this in the bag .	1
i think i may buy some pretty xmas decorations for the new tree tomorrow . d one thing i do like about xmas !	1
anderson won the th set in a tiebreaker and murray won the rd in a tiebreaker i think 	0
i snuck up behind my brother and yelled john cena scaring him . then sat down and said i guess you could say you didn t see me . 	0
alls i know the one who paved the way for this nuclear deal god help us if he s iran s th imam the christian s antichrist .	0
it may not be the best idea but some action is needed . school kids should not be calling for charlie hebdo to die	2
only ones i can think of as a possibility are ed sheeran or sam smith . ed s your ends on the th and sam s the th . .	0
im going to see ac dc with my dad thurs night and i only know thunderstruck bc when i played boys hockey we were thunder aka it was our song	1
may as well throw hulk hogan in the top too .	1
sat in bed edith is on in the background and i still have a face full of white and i u m still in my clothes from last night . standard .	0
may not have been just find it strange . . . that s all . i just hope the same protection that came to kane doesn t come to rose .	0
the point is selective justice ha made ppl sceptical of judiciary . they may genuinely feel yakub was innocent	0
fox news sunday there appears to be no front runner . i disagree with this the front runner was john kasich he will challenge jeb bush	2
without carl nicks u c bucs to shuffle o line some major news out of the tampa bay buccaneers on tuesday afternoon . . .	2
i hope ukip s thanet council refuse to take any refugees or immigrants amp say they are putting the needs of brits st	0
i don t know . she just recited jay z to me . this may have yours beat for best reply .	0
locked in as usual heard curtis make the announcement . sunday mornings won t be the same without the fellas . . .	0
twilight and hot toddy shower gels on the lush kitchen this wednesday . . .and so my obsession is rekindled	1
entered the cape argus pick n pay cycle tour happening on sun mar ! th time going for that elusive h with	0
if you want to buy a new phone go for moto g rd gen now to get exciting offers . motog	1
how fragile is it ? i m still on moto g st gen and this has lasted all holocausts . looking at mi now .	0
i feel for lee soo man and their friends and family may she rest in peace	1
teen wolf was the only thing that made my monday s greattt . . . what do i do now	1
will the colt mccoy era begin in sunday s redskins game against the titans ? thinks so 	0
really hope dustin johnson shoots something in the low s tomorrow and is at least in contention . so many haters out there .	0
that last tweet was to hf thanks for the day off tomorrow ! ! notttt	1
sweden s david lingmerth is the big mover of the late starters at the uspga . can he beat dustin johnson s ?	0
you find her and you may get a reason to stay longer here in philly 	1
reading fourth and long and it is so spot on great look forward on the state of cfb . mega millions is friday anynumbersulike ?	1
anyone want to buy tickets for the friday red sox game ? hmu	0
day monday thank a veteran day . brave men and women who have served their country with honor surround us . find a veteran t . . .	1
katy perry you just gotta ignite the light and let it shine ! just own the night like the fourth of july ! cause baby you re a firework 	0
any chance you re gonna be at metlife when the niners come to jersey n play the giants in october ?	1
 days days wednesday theresa says kate dresses like david bowie . kate says what models have been saying and it is not all good !	2
given chances they may take interview of yakub too . . . . .and play it for days with some voting competition too . . . .	0
 what time does the apple watch go on sale this friday ?	0
sharknado may have been the best one	1
 pirategang the rex theatre tomorrow doors open at pm . come show your support if you fuck with real music ! ! gang	1
i just crammed photos and saved mb with android ios coming june try free today 	1
looking for something to do before the colts tomorrow nite ? take the circle city tour hop on hop off access all day !	0
how am i supposed to believe babygate is real when the day the guy said this is for the sun briana full on posed for the pic behind louis	0
i don u t see c . edwards doing anything but racing hard on thurs in duels on i u m sure he will be smart though !	1
fav . and i might bring you a red bull tomorrow .	1
lavender fields at hvar island . imagre taken during our adriatic alps photo tour in june . share if you like . . .	0
shawn s tomorrow the jacks are wednesday jack and jack are already here tho and most likely at their hotel n shawn was on 	0
what makes me sad is how tomorrow morning the media is gonna portray nicki as the stereotypical angry black woman amp make miley the victim	2
knowing i can stay up all night coz its saturday and i can sleep in on sunday just makes me sleepier on sat nights	0
good luck tp irishman paul dunne in final round of the open tomorrow .	1
 months ago my mom didn t know who ed sheeran was . but she has backstage passes to his show in dallas tomorrow so there s that .	1
c mon man don t get me wrong cole had a great album but kendrick gonna take it home	1
 rd ? ? ! o where have i been i thought careless world was the st one . no ?	2
mar jaa jakar tere maa baap ka jeevan sudhar jayega hahaha fuck off with mandana to iran u dont deserve to leave in india	2
i just saw ted . i haven t seen so much penis masturbation and semen since the time i sat near paul reubens at a matinee .	0
 . eric cantor who evidently wants jeb bush to lose the nomination will endorse jeb bush on thursday	2
only map i did bad was against rift but i went next map so it s gucci and i dropped and on the sunday	0
to be fair paul after snp ukip boundary changes amp fewer mps it may not be leader that s influencing the who disagree	2
this time tomorrow i u ll be at the london o arena . vibes	0
after coughing up early lead mntwins rally for win and take the st game of series vs . the white sox . circling the bases from tonight	0
host fam just agreed to watch jurassic park with me tomorrow night . they ve never seen it . and i m definitely going to heaven for this .	1
the st amendment applies to everyone not just christians . she does not have the right to force others to follow her faith .	0
epic ! judas priest hell patrol british steel th anniversary hd my top fav song from painkiller m love it	1
the fox shows watched moving onto a movie u c george clooney no thank you . i may be one of the few on the planet who has never watched titanic	0
new post video watch sunday oliseh talk about his plans for super eagles pls re share newsonlineng	0
new adele album coming in november along with the weeknd two days ago ? now i need a new ed sheeran and frank ocean album and i ll be good ! !	1
oh yeah sorry chris evans said it was friday idiot ok happy thursday xxx	1
congratulations you won two ed sheeran tix for the sept th show in dallas ! come to a to claim your prize ! multiplyclarkpub	1
well migos fetty wap omarian kid ink august alsina young thug and chris brown put on quite the show last night	1
can you please follow me ? ? ? ? are you gonna be at justin biebers concert on november th at madison square garden ? ? ? paradise	0
you better be on your best behavior for niall louis liam and harry on saturday .	0
way to fix those problems james franklin . . .not . you may be a good recruiter but you can t coach for shit .	2
gucci plenty breath hopeful prognosis may widen the brace your physiological individual entrance proliferation . . .	0
i truly don t think she ll win she may not even be the nominee . voting for bernie as of now . .perhaps john kasich	0
david taylor ? a few yrs ago u c whn he st came stl u c he went by apostle . my hubs used play for his services .	0
for the st time in years . for your splendiferous entertainment . arts in lechlade proudly presents an old . . .	1
let s say someone believes in islam they may have different divinely commanded laws that are at odds with yours .	0
klub ace ! ! ! klub ace ! ! ! ! this saturday ! ! ! with ur college id til . . .south after party	0
just saw live scores amazing effort from dustin johnson to be back in st place not surprising tiger with a 	1
 ! ! ! ! ! ! !straight outta compton spoiler ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ice cube melts in the sun	0
i don u t think my plans for tomorrow are smart considering i have sat u s the next day u c well yolo	2
so i take it you will be dressing up like drose and trying to sneak onto the court tomorrow night ?	0
haha dude it was mental u c by far easiest defensive driving course created . yeah i heard thalia and caroline are coming thursday !	1
may possibly like dream high better than the original ! gasp !	1
end of an era rt rt andy rooney will make his last regular appearance on this sunday cbs just announced	0
if cundiff would u ve made the field goal sunday u c i could u ve been eatin u a free in sub at subway for lunch !	0
ice cube left the group and made friday spoiler	0
our gov bobby jindal is the smartest republican among all ! mr .jindal is the re incarnation of robert kennedy ! fear	0
yall i got my ipod taken in rd period because i forgot to turn my volume down and i got a notif about army selca day	2
donalds trump is going to be here on monday . . . . who wants to fight him with me	0
replaying wwe july . if i was j amp j securities i would never try to mess with brock lesnar . he s cool . omg	1
night of acoustic music tomorrow with david wright and sheona mcque	0
coming up in the pm eastern hour u c another chance for you to win tickets to tomorrow night u s hudson family . . .	0
if espn has a hank williams are you ready for some football ? song for tonight i might pass out with happiness .	1
prenatal moves to wednesday at p .m starting tonight and an additional pre natal yoga class starts thursday at with heather !	0
i hope i can catch sharknado oh hell no tomorrow night idc how bad it is	0
turning the thursday before halloween amp i honestly wouldn t mind just going to disneyland lol	1
my friday night is spent watching game of thrones with dad . . . haha	1
quite sure donald trump has really good security that he pays for right now .	0
new project at straw hat pizza industrial pkwy . hayward just in time for the floyd mayweather vs andre berto fight september 	0
has chris evans just let slip who will join him on top gear ? chris evans may have let slip who will be joinin . . .	0
if isis does gain a foothold there israel may regret crippling hamas efforts ability to control the salafists .	2
someone please go see zac brown band with me tomorrow night	1
rt new niall at the mahiki club in london may th ! via d . . . 	0
real madrid will sign de gea tomorrow with help of fifa !	0
cena all day he always speaks the truth and seth rollins will be his bitch on sunday trust me timechampsoon	0
sherman hemsley is on soul train trying to dance and sing . he is terrible . i u m cracking up . may he r .i .p .	2
jk . wasn t sure . but the killers green day fall out boy and foo fighters were all i had on my ipod when i got it in nd grade	0
 st episode of careless world tv from europe is on facebook u c make sure to give it a like teamtyga	0
happy birthday beyonce . . . now when it s feb nd i want this reciprocated lol	1
u going to laidback luke tomorrow ? !	0
 pakistan news procter and gamble sales fall . p g said net earnings in the quarter to september fell to . . .	2
juventus are ready to let simone zaza go in january with arsenal interested in the year old striker . fichajes in spanish	0
some people may confuse what im saying for gay . . well happiness yeah . . . pride . .well yeah like the lion . not the other gay . .feel me ?	0
it s from january in response to the charlie hebdo shooting . misleading i ll admit . but certainly an indication of character .	2
milan genoa rossoneri milanello players have been called up for milan genoa tomorrow at the san siro s . . .	0
 dm me the st thing that comes to ur head ! when u hear some say one direction u c harry u clouis u czayn u cniall or liam the boys	0
krystal you better heal up in time for national margarita day on feb !	0
can u t wait for opening night at madison square garden . will be there for the knicks heat game on friday ! fun	1
because tony blair not just responsible for the death of m iraqis . . . warcriminal iraq	2
july is national hot dog day ! bogo single italian hot dog when you mention this post ! at kenilworth only .	1
did briana tell you she was due in april ? why do larries believe every article written about the baby	2
dishwasher repair canceled . . .sears coming out tuesday . . .grrrr . . .can t wait to see annabelle with david misty . . .	2
the pumpkin spice comes back tomorrow at dunkin . time to pumpkin spice all the things .	0
ireland denied at the death in lacklustre murrayfield friendly irish sun share with fr . . . ireland news eu	0
i know everyone is slowly losing the battle against shaytaan . islam is a struggle to follow nowadays . may allah strengthen us	0
this sat bbcr extra raids the bbc archive to see how we reported the story of it from	0
dustin johnson somehow just went from st to th in two rounds .	0
cmon we are in the nd spot ! let s regain the ! less than days till voting closes mtvstars lady gaga	1
i tell katie there u s supposed to be a good firework display in banff this saturday . she replies with oh right during the day yeah ? yeah .	1
ike taylor is the worst starter in the nfl . . . .he must work hard finish st in all sprint drills . . .how is he still starting ?	2
interested in a career at ibm ? tomorrow you can visut us at skandinavisk online karrieremesse ! sok ibm career	1
james harrison exploring whether he can recoup fine money from years past in wake of tom brady decision 	0
aiya i tell u all what kks will say ok dont worry . danee will be joining early and what is with hwa is a troll for our rd anniversary 	1
tom cruise movie marathon wasn t in my plan list yet it s on going after last friday . lol	0
gresh and zo discussed the celtics season opener loss to the heat on tuesday night . rajon	2
our top picks for this weekend it s huge fri twilight carols amp christmas market with peter combe stepney . . .	1
guy sat opposite me on the train is the spit of dave grohl	0
i ll be be watching beyonce s mia performance a lil later . i just need to ready myself st . lol	1
big bangs new season starts on the th yeah boii	1
breaking news arrow will not be seen tonight in illinois or indiana due to the chicago bulls opening game . it will air on saturday . 	2
i may be in the slowest check out line ever . lady gotta honey badger haircut and don u t give a damn .	2
people always wanna be the next mj the next rousey i just wanna be the best me . i may go further than those so why limit myself ?	1
emmylou harris singing the maker to close the entire u wrecking ball u performance in nashville on wed .	0
wcc coaches gonzaga st place u c by a lot . byu nd u c barely . st . mary u s rd u c just behind byu .	0
good morning ! st day of school for prince george s co . . .how on fleek is your first day of school outfit ? firstdayofschoolthoughts	1
this will probably help erdogan in the new elections .	1
john kasich announced his presidential bid tuesday . get to know all of the candidates 	0
i was about to tweet i m going to fight frank ocean for trolling us with an old mixtape but then i remembered his verse on sunday	0
 . oh conservative even ripped frank gifford over vietnam after he died she may be more than just an asshole	2
come to book swap on thursday . all of twitter will be there . all the best ones u c anyway .	1
watched the wiggles for the st time . was embarrassed for those men then i remembered that they are probably filthy rich . parenting	2
as usual has the most compelling argument in favor of christians to exercise their st amendment religion rights .	0
i knw my ish ! . . . kev hart voice . . .lol ! happy sunday !rt lol prt if kevin hart make u . . .	1
i didn t even know who john kasich was before the gopdebate . i think he may have done the best .	1
hulk hogan should have it . best nd year fwd in years .	1
we ve got a nd gen roku and really enjoy it . same here with netflix and amazon prime	1
who is cnn amp the gop establishment keeping off the stage ? carly fiorina . th in iowa rd amp th in nh s recent polls .	0
who wants to see maya rudolph sing prince with my thursday night	0
jay z may bail out of tidal investment jay z has significantly funded the ambitious streaming platform howev . . .	0
sunday morning at grandpa s office . like church but with less hymns and more grateful dead .	1
my st is gonna be a day or two before eid al adha . all i can say is i m expecting a huge suprise on eid	1
i m absolutely skint til payday next friday . this all stems from being paid the day i went to leeds festival .	2
who will take the stage in the first republican debate this thursday in cleveland ? will ohio governor john kasich . . .	0
will be presenting speakers at this friday s youth shout out forum at challenge stadium with the honorable julie bishop and peter garrett .	1
woods down to th in world rankings tiger woods has dropped another two places to th in the latest world rankings .	0
you are lovely too jessica mad but lovely . yeah snp missed a trick not showing the film to the nation on september th	1
so what is it about coffee that may protect individuals from such major harms ? and if coffee consumption is in . . .	0
kanye west may claim he s a democrat but the majority of his lyrics decidedly lean republican .	0
who hears that kane may have sexually assaulted someone and thinks i should call chicago and see if he s available ? ugh	2
please make sure safety is st that day . justin will have a huge turn out so please dont let him get mobbed injured .	0
the texas rangers did a nice job today and josh hamilton is able to hit his th home run and he did a great job today .	1
i watched sarah g live again u c i noticed d end na may disiplina talaga ang mga nag aantayan sila ng turn to go to sg . luv it	1
cuba with for march break	0
ah bizarrely i see it on my iphone but not on laptop with safari which only has st tabs . weird .	1
eid falls on the th of sept wed thur fri and then th th muharram is a thur fri in october . and then some .	0
danny elfman as he is my favourite film score composer . i may also say if his work on the counts	1
all i can think about is getting dunkin doughnuts tomorrow morning before leaving for western fatlife	0
maybe this is the reason why lee soo man find another ceo . condolence and may he comeback soon	1
through the google lens search trends august ?september 	1
carly fiorina seems to think that year old girls shouldn t be given the hpv vaccine . she may think it s only for girls . michael douglas !	2
scott walker has just become the pawlenty should abandon run for white house after iowa polls put donald trump in st	0
this sunday is national ice cream day . do you have a favorite ice cream book ?	1
can it just be thursday ? i need football and bentley !	1
tweeted january at time of charlie hebdo stupid then amp now but not tweeted tonight .	2
sons of anarchy is arguable the most under appreciated show . you may think you re not into motorcycle gangs but this show is perfect .	1
watched all the mission impossibles and now i m watching edge of tomorrow . . .still don t like tom cruise very much	0
next quiz is wednesday at pm est vote at my personal for what quiz you want a quiz on severus snape or remus lupin ?	0
last night was the rd time dreaming that i was in jurassic park man . best and scariest dreams of my damn life	1
c mon guys join the quiz ! ! get free cool the vamps tees by good luck ! !	1
relatives of the nigerian schoolgirls kidnapped by boko haram will hold a march amp candle lit vigil to mark days since the abductions	1
 iwishtheywouldbringback the red trains for tha mta just pimp them shit out to make em look like today s trains	1
come and enjoy java jazz on the move jan th . . . serpong jauh u c cyinn ! p	1
nicki is fed up ! when she st came out she was bashed for her creativity her body her music . now her opinions . i don t blame her .	0
kris bryant is on fire homering twice finishing with three rbi and four runs scored in sunday s win over the braves . cubs mlb	1
lmao i thought kendrick was about to play black friday and i freaked out but nah	0
want in on a free trial of fit two s mom amp baby yoga class at the centre on september ? check it out !	0
kris bryant is having a rough week and it s on tuesday . cubs	0
yall can say whatever about the patriots cheating tom brady is innocent and will win his th ring this season	0
real madrid waited until monday morning to make an offer after months of nothing . tried to save a few pennies on the 	0
beyond excited for the apple event tomorrow . mostly for new apple watch bands as i ll be trying not to get the new iphone .	1
iniesta is the rd best after messi and ronaldo no one comes close not neymar not hazard spain	1
we got lost in the eternal city on our st night stumbled upon this treasure italianengagement	1
so who s going with me to see justin bieber on april th	1
msa is having a poo poo kind of day ! if you are experiencing trouble with the site i apologize . we may be . . .	2
ac milan ready to make january move for chelsea full back ashley cole san siro side want stamford bridge defend . . .	0
i d like to get a seat on the nfl today this sunday	1
woops nfl mistakenly lists brian cushing as out for the texans on thursday link wearetexans	0
nothing like a bit of iron maiden to get you going on a monday morning	1
saudi arabia s oil induced cash crunch may come quicker than you think	0
a this was probably a long time ago . insurgent maybe ? and meh . i am going to see paper towns on sunday though ! rqwn	1
borefest m . witter slowing it down n turning his back alot u c frankie starting to turn it on since the th now in the th 	0
ive got a maths exam tomorrow . can you wish me a luck ? no ? okay thanks . i wont pass this exam . 	2
it s a stretch but i m picking yushin okami tomorrow . think anderson s athletic prime has passed and okami s cashing in at the right time .	1
tea time at the james p . nix center thursday august p .m . topic birding in coastal alabama the alabama . . .	0
 the last thing dr . king ever said to me before he went down to memphis u harry u c we may be integrating into a burning house . h . belafonte	0
what the difference was ? george osborne was not an mp at the time let alone someone who sat in the house of lords	2
catch ncaa men u s basketball finals game today u c pm live on tv and replay on aktv right after the pba nd game . sanbedaredlions	0
hoping i m covered but the th race is a single in a horse field haha . i ve seen him win though . iron maiden is a good horse	1
jara bangla gaan valobasis check out the album mon kemoner station by shreya ghoshal . amar to daroon lag e . . .	0
got a great piece for you history buffs friday morning u c a game between schalke bayern that marked the end of germany u s greatest ever side .	1
i liked a video seth rollins vs sting the returns wwe raw aug 	1
uh drunk and tired and just remembered i m going to ireland in the morning and need to pack . ireland 	2
dear ppl who attribute vocal fry trend to britney amp kim k have you ever heard jay z talk ?	2
marketing amp sales marketing lessons from amazon prime day even though the social media world may h . . . modesto	0
sadly the christmas and nye turn up will be real af . then valentine s day amp amp my rd . then i m done	1
i m not ready for this th album . i wasn t even able to handle niall and louis and liam s tweets yesterday about the rumors	0
we have our heart of all england evening on saturday th april and the twilight fixture on friday th september .	1
sunday is national ice cream day ! get your favorite scoop this weekend amp enjoy the nice weather ! funfactfriday sundaysundae happyfriday	1
even like nsn and he is we and mayday parade and hey monday and the cab just because it s memories .	0
 st time to watch pba . best seat on the house ! ! thanx sahia ! smart araneta coliseum	1
forum post id sunday history photo qld a little late today we all know what campers say about genera . . .	0
just saw paul dunne tee off on the th at the open . . .classic big bottom small . lol	0
eid s rd day . . . . loving	1
i know there may be jews that still hate christians but we owe our knowledge of the savior and the bible to israel .	0
wait what ? i u m already confused p if you u re gonna be in muscat in may u c we u ll probably meet up then !	0
sunwood will be at pip tomorrow u c outside dc . come and try on the new autumn wraps that will take you to and from . . .	0
lookin for somethin to do this sat nite ? come relax with me along with david owen the marine room in la jolla . . .	0
still listenin to kendrick s black friday . . .idk if a joint project with him is a good idea for anybody lol . . .on another level . . .	1
i told my mom i wanted to stay in a hotel for my th with people but my birthdays on valentine s lucky me	1
monday sec takeaway kyler murray is electric but aggies need to stick w kyle allen . too one dimensional with murray at qb right now .	0
there will be a proclamation of the date of eid al adha in the next weeks . sep is a best guess but it could be sep	0
cq as much as i d want to say the st julie roberts or eric church s live album appetite by gnr is my answer . cmchat	0
when i think of you by janet jackson was no . in the uk charts on september 	0
photo first friday maythethirstbewithyou taken with instagram at rum runners 	0
sun flower seeds are just to delicious	1
tomorrow going to hat yai then penang 	1
i guess i should u ve been out giving out books last night for world book day . instead i sat in large dark room watching the avengers assemble	2
hahah ugh . . you win this time igiveuppp what happens in iona stays in ionaa ! sooooo see yas saturday hahah ?	1
the speakers slides during the th iia forum in saudi arabia are available on below link iia saudi	0
nothing ruins a friday morning more than hearing u beautiful day on the radio	2
totally forgot about tvd bc i was too busy studying for my fucking test tomorrow	2
you kinda look the same kendrick look a little different lol	1
some confusion took place in the minds of some muslims since the jurists may allah bestow mercy on them used the . . .	0
i m so excited . you don t even know ! i m going to ohio june th for like a week to visit my aunt and cousins . omggggg	1
may get this but still gotta finish batman brilliant game and just picked up mad max on the cheap .	1
in a way spurs aren t really getting a nd st if they want the nd st to be like kane . son n jie pato ? don t drop back as well . maybe son .	0
monday final ratings the voice amp dancing with the stars adjusted up the big bang theory amp castle adjusted	0
frightening tales in the dark dried off in the sun in the style of david bowie . i am now filthy rich .	1
arsenal consider january bid for juventus simone zaza after failed deadline day talks according to the guardian	0
mtv news exclusive on the set of the f word daniel radcliffe talks to mtv news on the set of the f word .added fri oct . . .	0
new blog nice conversations with friends both staying in the deepest pits of hell and going to see paper towns tomorrow . good shit .	1
brandon crawford knocks in ryan braun with a sac fly in the th . al asg	0
be careful of what you share on facebook huntsmanspyder your saudi arabia mech boss may be watching staydirty ballin mathnotmyth	2
its done ! my brother just got married . . .we turnin up at jett lounge tonight and at grannys house tomorrow	0
see ya in victory lane jan . .no more twitter vx your one of the best things in my life . . .try not to be mean gbu	1
that s a great movie . it s on amazon prime too . i watched it for rd time last night .	1
there can be no tolerance of those who question the dignity of other people . angela merkel stood up to be counted	0
that nd half was shit la didnt deserve to win it vancouver played tough and didnt deserve to be screwed by the ref	2
its official john kasich is running for president becoming the th major candidate seeking the gops nomination	0
i wish you was at metlife 	0
kanye west running for president with kim k as the first lady may be one of the worst ideas i ve ever heard in my entire life .	2
lets kill david price tomorrow like we always do and maybe you all will calm the fuck down yankees	2
how you going to be a cole account and put up the kendrick verse . . . ?	0
was going on cams a later show today but instead helped our daughter get a new nissan titan . she s so excited ! be on tomorrow for sure !	1
catch nzkpaul at the milan expo . am tomorrow in the sala colonne plenary . innovation in education	0
y all don t forget about my going away pool party ! this saturday at knollwood at pm !	0
you and gilinsky will make you give me cardiac arrests sun missing days to calibraska	2
sunday recovery continues with this then ant man	0
oh man i had the same feeling sunday when my packers hung on to beat the dolphins lol	0
sylvia on saturday if i go can you give me a rideee ?	0
paul mccartney s daughter stella and ringo starr s son zak share the same birthday september th .	0
i just went on my old ipod and found selfies from like th and th grade . i think i m scarred for life .	0
full video of my kpop prod number last saturday at the sm moa center stage for kcc s pinoy k 	0
fleetwood mac is the only thing getting me through this monday morning	1
so tomorrow my mom is getting surgery to have her gallbladder removed . let s just hope that both she and ashton recover quickly and easily .	1
floyd mayweather s next opponent may confirm a popular theory about his final fight 	0
no stream tonight gonna relax after a rough drive home . see you tomorrow for iron maiden s the book of souls amp dark souls ii 	0
i may have caught a ufo engaging warp drive in the background of this photo .	0
only at ics does everyone tweet about their homework productivity on a saturday . . .holla at the good students icsprobs	1
apple and microsoft the st pairing in tech bastards cinematic universe . stay till after the credits to see them eating shawarma with sony .	0
numerous treatment innovations presented at the hands on workshop on venous disease u c tomorrow until nov in cyprus	0
just close your eyes the sun is going down . you u ll be alright no one can hurt you now . the morning light you and i will be safe and sound . . .	1
great round at northern pines ! two birdies on the card with an . finished nd to dustin johnson championstour	1
actress and comedian amy schumer shared an intimate portrait on monday that it will not quickly be forgotten .	1
one of my favorite activities is going to ihop every friday with the squad	1
the new iphone will be announced tonight at am th sept . here s how to watch it live	0
i m gonna go see ted tomorrow at the theater down the block . . matinee i can t be mad	1
if kris bryant becomes chris davis are cubs fans mad ? i would take that . davis this season th in homers leads the al in rbi .	1
i just remembered i saw sam smith on friday and i want to cry bc i miss him 	1
carly fiorina may very well be the smartest woman in the world . next to angela merkel that is .	1
national women s day in southafrica this thursday august . promote gender equality and an end to abuse of women in africa the world	1
i have not seen a good rd quarter from the sacramento kings in forever .	2
this new shirt u c with a quote from dr . seuss u c reminds us that weird we may be u c but love is just as weird !	0
this wednesday beat the cold front with a celebration of george harrison the beatles with here comes the sun ! doors .	0
may have a man crush on ace ! like how is someone just naturally tht sweet ! hehasfourbrot laurel tavern	1
secret service was at my house for hillary s visit tomorrow . quote of the day from one if you see the agents start to run you run too .	2
all three gunmen in the january attacks on the charlie hebdo newspaper and a kosher supermarket were french .	2
if you love the red sox the grateful dead and fenway park in september . . .i ve got something to share . gd rexfoundation	1
can t wait for the vikes game on sunday . . . let s hope christian ponder doesn t get off the bench ay ? skol	1
good lad . think it u s actually a saturday . i have the th in my diary . s s amazing . el classico in la cuchara a highlight !	1
jimmy urine amp bernie sanders have the same sun sign as me . i m so inspired r n .	1
looking forward to being at metlife tomorrow for the jets green and white practice scrimmage	1
nicki is always feuding with somebody . lil kim mariah carey iggy azalea taylor swift now miley cyrus . . . i like her but c mon	2
katy perry and her people got it right with last friday night	1
didn t ipoop just came out with rd gen ijunk not to long ago ? why the th ? ? ? cuz they can not compete with samsung asus nexes . . . 	2
tomorrow . . .walmart u c target u c walgreens u c cvs u c kroger u c whoever . .i u m coming for that discounted candy . . .be ready for it 	1
will there be an option to buy the gb of ram model of the moto g rd gen instead of the gb model ?	0
iron maiden reference . . . now you re talking ! new album bookofsouls drops friday uptheirons woooooo ! m m 	1
posts you may have missed islam s claims of biblical corruption actually impeach the qur an	2
thanks tea sounds good but gotta update the ipad st	1
with the lights out box by nirvana us cd nov discs dgc link 	0
mending the piggy bank free children s kindle ebooks on amazon september roundup 	1
gonna watch paper towns tomorrow with my friend d finishing the book right now ! papertowns	1
love david bowie . check ignition and may god s love be with you . heck yeh .	1
njea teacher s convention nov th th in atlantic city has been cancelled for the st time in its year history .	2
i will sleep in zachary u s truck until wednesday u c but i u ll be damned if my cellphone dies because the power is out .	2
anyone want to go to mets phillies tomorrow in philly ? degroms pitching and david wright returning from injury	0
sorry professors can t go to class tomorrow morning bc justin is on the today show . biebertoday	0
gucci variety death instinct in confidence march cook up the duo thine morphological individual far out contra . . .	0
liverpool looking to activate demba ba u s m buy out clause with andy carroll going the other way in january	0
the bucks john henson is hit at the knee by a falling ilyasova . doesn t look good . he goes to the locker room . bulls up end of rd .	2
the tribute to janet jackson six years after the death of his brother michael monday night janet jackson is . . .	1
tonight don t miss and thursday night for the splash dance pool party	1
imaaa be gone til sunday the th ! 	1
q . trent richardson rushed right to the san diego for yards . st .	0
working san diego county fair s main parking lot on th of july for the first time . . . challenge accepted . . .	1
valentine practiced for first time thursday night even if it was my first day i felt good running around and flying around huskers	0
soundchecking in grateful dead listening party with sunshine daydream dvd veneta oregon aug 	0
went to gateshead branch last night to watch paper towns at pm sat on a seat which was soaked with a liquid which	2
even though we just play troy this saturday u c i still can u t wait to watch tennessee play ! truevolfan gobigorange	1
and i m not rich of course there s a reason we re only going saturday which also meant no kim and briana photo for us lol	2
hillary says . . i understand that you may have more questions amp i am going to work to keep answering them . . .huh ? work to keep answering ?	0
enhen nau . next day after eid they started . i ve resumed work since tuesday	0
just found myself googling ant man quantum realm reflection . i may be thinking about ant man too much . it is ace though .	1
i see you u re in dallas a fan of a ap rocky u c email us att for a great oppo to attend show at hob on fri !	1
we may need more details indrajit ! are you trying to perform a clean install of windows pro on another pc due to hdd issues ?	0
strong anyone thinking of going to chesterfield next saturday u c edgar davids v luis boa morte ! ? i may be there	0
remember when we were all hype that frank ocean was actually going to drop boys don t cry july st sigh good times 	0
strongly considering having breakfast at ihop tomorrow morning . short stack with blueberry compote . i m craving it .	1
i might treat my mommy to the movies saturday to see final destination !	1
all is alright dami . . . i was in the northeast at height of the boko haram challenges . . . saw st hand the sufferings . .	2
reminder that if you normally have city garbage pickup in lexington on mondays it will be tomorrow due to the labor day holiday	0
starting off my sunday with resident evil operation raccoon city	0
i got you homie and yeah a lot people haven t curtis saw me fight oils riggers in cs lol but i might fight dec th	0
congrats to my wife kerry . her published novel just a drop of water is celebrating it s st b day . check it out .	1
sounds like the intro to a new sitcom . btw this is campaign launch number what for hillary ?	0
dustin johnson is just a walking disaster on sunday s lately .	2
trying to get a meet amp greet for my niece at the ole miss game saturday is that possible ? ?	0
well it s august th and i ve just heard mariah carey s all i want for christmas . . .seriously ?	2
rahul gandhi is a ppl s leader . modimafia may try as hard they will not be able defeat him simply becuz ppl s voice just cannot be curbed .	1
chargers may go but that will make playoffs in afc . . . nfc teams must win games ! fact !	0
let s hope she doesn t pull a frank ocean	0
though the films may have faults the soundtracks to the twilight movies are perfect for writing . especially for gothicists . phdchat	1
 u c may i ask about the agent of procter gmable products in jordan u c i need this for research in university . thanks wissam	0
always refers about rd person call rahul gandhi . rahul ko kaise bulayegi janta shakurbasti amethi ppl still trying call	0
ed sheeran concert tomorrow ! too bad i m going to be super cranky lol	0
he doesn u t deserve the death penalty a la todd bertuzzi u c but i think games is fair u c if not whole st rd .	2
regram of david beckham with his daughter harper . happy th birthday harper . iamadad dadsgirl	1
islam is on the march on the whole world and good people are keeping quite . . radiobiafra	2
is anyone going to runrig tomorrow	0
social media boosts vintage cars new york david beckham may have more of an influence on you than you think . . .	1
david price will have his next start moved up a day from sunday to saturday sportsnet s barry davis reports .	0
just watched ted thought was so much funnier than the st one ted shithappens	1
no you do not need to ! wait may be just morocco amp israel with me . . my social and linguistic skills are superb 	1
mashable sony s electronics division may be in a slump but it doesn t plan on fading quietly into the night . to spur innovation at . . .	1
i just had a dance party by myself to green day while my roommate just sat there minding her own business . we are on that level now .	0
u can imagine what may happen if they allow the enemies to enter madinah . plus they broke the covenant they had with muslims	2
is today star wars day or is tomorrow star wars day ?	0
at least by this time tomorrow the yankees will be standing on top once again ! ! who s ellsbury ? ?	1
can t wait to see you in milan in june ! ! love youuu xx	1
amy schumer hosted saturday nigh live recently and joked about being hacked infosec cyberday cloud	0
inter u c roma keep pace with wins inter milan kept pace with serie a leaders juventus after seeing off catania at the san siro on sunday .	0
tuesday my bd n i going up to malcolm x to register him in school !	0
kurt cobain solo release any real nirvana fan will not be buying this . . just money grabbing brett morgan and courtney	0
i hope gatlin only appeared tired in the x . will need his best for finals . gay killed that rd leg though . leggo ! usatf beijing 	0
always be my baby came on in nd period and all i can think of was the girls mariah carey mashup	1
so tomorrow will be time for streams . dark souls in the afternoon very likely fallout in the evening . gotta finish that pesky game . x 	1
we live mins from kirby center we always make great food . lol any free tickets my birthday is thursday would love to go !	1
rt jeopardy where everyone will be watching the ravens vs eagles game this thursday . . . what is ? goodanswer	1
who u s going to a ap rocky on sunday at house of blues ?	0
a good question to reflect on by le guin but i think both can be true . or watchman may flesh out the reality of mockingbird 	0
the ppl on the radio today made fun of iwata passing then followed it up saying the foo fighters are better then nirvana so yea happy monday	1
shame it s rugby saturday gt powerslaves a tribute to iron maiden	0
just watched sunday s big brother james has the biggest balls wow bigbrother	1
tomorrow every girl mostly about to have something from pink a s justin bieber tickets and more . bet	0
it s decent i still feel like chris brown has the best tuesday remix lmao	1
he maybe racist he may be jobless but even hulk hogan isnt at the point where he d willingly share a house with bobby davro . cbb	0
set her bout in december at to prove she can make it . . . .then no excuses not to make rousey fight .	0
according to gamestop deadpool is coming to ps and x . i know some may not like the idea but i think it ll be better with better visuals	1
daily thought perseverance is failing times and succeeding the th . julie andrews	1
good girl u c i u ll see you tomorrow ?	1
 friday love that movie u c kinda awkward watching it on thursday tho . . .	1
hey u c it u s gary carter bobblehead night when the clones come to vt on saturday . cent hot dogs and fireworks on friday . woohoo !	1
carly fiorina moves into rd place in new hampshire ! according to the latest ppp presidential poll of new ham . . .	1
east of the sun west of the twilight new moon sinatraamovie	0
from the guardian benjamin lee paul haggis shame on press for not asking tom cruise about scientology 	2
congratulations kendall in germany it is clock friday november u c so happy b day	1
frank gaffney is not insane . he may not even be a true hater . he is a bigot for pay u c just like steve emerson . hate is their racket .	2
pretty sure the last time frank ocean dropped anything i was in the th grade	0
leo eyes record barca seek boost in the week that he marked the th anniversary of his competitive debut fo . . .	1
flight landing in jakarta at on december . can we make the airasia flight at same day to bali ? separate bookings	0
sat in a boozer in bethnal green listening to the dj play i think i like it at about bpm .	1
narry shippers want niall and harry dead	0
save the date ! what women want saturday may th pm at nikki beach miami with a fantasy french cabaret . . .	0
paul dunne going to make history tomorrow irisheyesaresmiling	1
praying for a better day tomorrow and also free gucci amen	1
ricky ponting has passed u c first class runs the th australian to do so !	0
what s your elephant in the room ? mikaela amp kerry dished out hundreds of these stress balls on saturday ! if you . . .	0
mexico should be the national team for usa . . .trump may have an issue but quality will improve	1
may the world know that nato and especially the usa uk turkey saudi arabia and israel are the worst terrorists .	2
nicole r jov two capistranos kait me danee tuesday and more . . . not sure of the others	0
wednesday specials . off ! valentine vegetarian sandwich with mushrooms tomato red onion roasted red . . .	1
good to see nfl back on the bbc shame the highlights isn t till november thou .	1
sam smith is going to be in madrid next saturday bruhhhhhhh . . .	0
i hope someone blesses me with justin bieber tickets before march	1
in his first game back since april david wright went for with a hr bb and three r on monday . he also made two errors at b .	0
bad blood is a v catchy song but the lyrics are such a omg he sat next to my bff at lunch instead of me anthem .	0
done with finals aka done with school hot jam tonight lake compounce wednesday weekend graduate on the th ? happygirl thefuture	1
i know we can make it to st place trackoftheday rest your love by the vamps found with listen now 	1
why the hell does selma have school tomorrow but parlier u c clovis others don u t ?	2
did you know that frank ocean was trending topic on thursday for hours in san francisco ? trndnl	0
martin atkinson is the man in the middle on sunday .nufc have never won an away game with him in charge . losses draws via	2
david cameron is like god amp guide to syrian refugees .god may blees the people like david cameron	1
this people who try to save yakub may be with daud n chuha tiger . . .gaddar gang 	0
to all the people who will buy go set a watchman tomorrow go buy read to kill a mockingbird instead	2
mayoroflondon join in tomorrow at the exciting london children u s book swap events for families who love to read ld . . .	1
that may or may not have gone through my head when i typed it bc sam smith af	0
i do not like kanye west . yes i may like a few of his songs but other than that he s an idiot	2
all the boys tweeted liam for the b day apart from zayn c mon we want happybirthdayliam ziam	1
in the paparazzi video where they take cliche for the sun you can clearly see louis not realising that there s briana behind him	2
franko s rbi single in the top of the st gives gray a heading to the bottom . atta way !	1
 south korea is the th country that have the most beautiful womans agreed .	1
blog gt don t be afraid of windows data collection you may be worried about windows phoning home to . . .	0
even though tomorrow is xbox and ps birthday for having minecraft it still should be fair to us because old gen was orginal .	0
boom ! ! ! solo shot for right over josh hamilton s head ! ! his th of the season tying for the mlb lead ! !	1
 th round guess who . . it s very easy ! ! first to points gets the dm with niall ! !	0
at the th annual cloud expo	0
kerry calls russia about possible buildup in syria secretary of state john kerry came to cuba on friday and r . . . . . .	0
tomorrow kicks off class week ! come try out our new morning classes . slow burn yoga with barrett starts at tomorrow am !	1
lana del rey will reportedly feature on kanye west s new album paris on the song passport slated to be released november th !	0
friday night lights ? it s a tv show . set in texas about american football . only watched it for taylor kitsch really .	0
thats good to know p ! im picking up a ps on monday along with metal gear !	1
smthing went wrong b w us . she is really good girl . may be i have done mistake ! ! . but she knows me . miss her !	2
and they are praying towards the sun as it sets while they are in jerusalem ! so technically incorrect !	2
thoroughly enjoying colbert going in on trump on his st late night show . . . passtheoreo	1
good morning sunday n mother s day on the way to wat su pat w . . . happy mother s day	1
ice cube s son better be in the new friday movie	1
found out i m going to ed sheeran on saturday and in district i m pumped	1
well i want the draft to be on saturday do u have a yahoo account	0
i know it isn t even halloween but i m sitting her listening to holiday wishesfor the nd time . i absolutely love it .	1
it s currently live on xbox it will be tomorrow steam and pc	1
marco rubio amp bobby jindal both born to non citizen parents call for revising the th amnd . republicans brain is a nanometrology wonder .	2
prince george turns two tomorrow ! see who made the royal party guest list	0
and the season begins ! ! ! ! plymouth tomorrow to debut our programs ! teamusa skyliners	0
brock lesnar s the best thing going in wrestling . there s not even a close nd .	1
what scott walker s shaky answers on the th amendment tell us about his candidacy . hint it s not good . 	2
at ali s new gaff and she s making me dinner whilst i watch x factor . tuesday just got fucking ace .	1
well shit ! i hope your back for the morning show . i need you on my drive to cupertino on monday ! have fun !	1
walked into green dot and the bee gees started playing as soon as we sat down .	0
that s the problem with ukip they want all other eu countries to put uk citizens above st .	2
your tom brady meme may just prove that you are a bigger fan of social media than you are of actual football . enoughalready	0
raleigh tomorrow night and ted tonight !	1
remember last new years and i sat there for hours watching kasabian live at the o 	0
going to that colts vs . texans game in december is gonna be one of the best presents i get for christmas ever .	1
expert watch out for the isis sympathizers professor eyal zisser says isis may be too busy to attack israel . . .	0
i think you guys are a little excited . national hot dog day is july rd .	1
club remix next saturday night allstar will be in the building	0
i noticed that you love chris brown amp i saw that you gone meet him tomorrow so take pics like this ! lol	1
kina grannis valentine w just got my tickets for kina grannis live in kl ! it s happening on the th . . .	1
miss usa or prom queen the world may never know	0
 u wont back down u with viola davis or u house at the end of the street u with jennifer lawrence ? movie to see at the cinema tomorrow .	1
chancellor angela merkel leading the exodus march to germany migrantmarch migrantcrisis	0
hear janet jackson s soulful new song unbreakable fresh off unveiling the track list and cover for her th l . . .	1
vampire diaries is already ruining my life and i m only on the th episode of the first season . ok .	2
it may be am amp i may be eating christmas cookies . . but im still jamming to justin bieber s new album . problem ?	1
enjoy the first single ashes from threshold s upcoming album march of progress 	1
s o to ! i don t really know her but she seems real chill . she may not know how to spell peyton siva but still follow her !	1
wearing my seth rollins shirt for the nd time ever lol	0
man utd eyed real madrid quartet ? arsenal fc star to quit ? rooney ready to make history saturday s back pages	0
hey jeb bush are these examples of acts of love also ? wake up dude they want bring their craphole country to usa .	2
frank gifford dan dierdorf and al michaels formed one the greatest monday night football mnf broadcasting teams .	1
mr . angelos helping the zcms th graders create their own google site . zion 	1
previously floyd mayweather pictured for the st time since fight with pacquiao	0
i mean u goin to be on vegas on the th october ?	0
anyone going to volleyball game tomorrow ?	0
muayad sat through an entire republican ad on youtube and now he s calling donald trump daddy 	2
im sitting in my car listening to frank ocean thinking about what could have been in life . how s your monday ?	1
ric flair beloved legend . john cena hated by pure wrestling fans . even if he wins the th title .they won t be equal ever ! summerslam	0
q why javedhashmi resignd in d st place if he wantd to remain part of parliament ? amp why he left amp aftrwrds acceptd thr support ?	2
happy half way to st . patty s day ! ! we are the only people at th celebrating . . . where is the holiday spirit ? ? ?	1
he went to the camp nou on sunday to watch the el clasico ! ! luck him ! ! i hope u can guess who it is 	1
cnn adjusts gop debate eligibility such that if the debate were tomorrow carly fiorina would be in .	1
wbb byu leads the way with three preseason all wcc selections th year senior junior and sophomore lexi eaton .	0
grandparents day at providence is tomorrow ! check out the hand made doilies our girl scouts made 	0
dengeki bunko fight climax ignition coming to ps ps and vita december th . hope that means a localization soon after the first is here .	1
dustin johnson just drove a par with an iron !	1
i think it may have been the words you used about st patrick s day . . .	0
i like that there s no messing around in sharknado just action . you don t even have to wait mins for the st sharky sequence ! ohhellno	1
so now we got arian foster comin to town and we may be down our best defensive lineman . at least it s at home ?	1
yo me and sarah found the really attractive security man we saw at the sam smith concert last monday . let s not	1
smbiz feed recently added entries in the encyclopedia of life the encyclopaedia britannica may have cease . . .	0
your mail monday with fps russia was such a tease lol	2
happy labor day and hope you enjoy baby murray s st labor day . much love to yall and baby murray	1
all i did was look up kpop and bts was on the rd row . this makes me feel proud ? ? ? ?	0
zac brown band september th we re going	1
rivers throw a pick on rd and goal . everyone here thought they would run the ball . bolts lead at half .	0
i just looked at uva u s sat requirements and such . . . im definitaly not getting in straight up . lawl at me . looks like im going to transfer .	2
 steelernation send our boys the nfl pro bowl . via ur vote actually counts u c unlike the nov th election .	0
so sorry i haven t been on today i ve been busy but tomorrow in going to a ed sheeran concert ahh ! !	1
rumour has it the nokia n is coming to in september ? true ?	0
might be going to the spurs match on saturday	0
lauryn hill u s going to be at constitution hall on november th i u m in there like swimwear ! ! !	0
they may as well start talking about kim kardashian s new camel coat . . .	0
sonic on ost is the worst place in rd ward !	2
two good abs by hosmer against verlander tonight even if he has just a walk and flyout to show for it	1
lemme know the exact date because i wanna come with you u c and we out to rih concert in march cha ! ?	0
they re actually going venue shopping tomorrow ! they re checking out grand bend and surrounding areas ie . st . mary s !	1
southampton s richard bland is after his nd round in the madeira islands open on the european tour . currently tied th off the lead .	0
cabana this friday . . . . you might find marissa and irene there being rachetts trying to get niggas with bottle service hoes	0
hi i noticed in the guide app that there s no mention of the hannibal photo op on sunday . is it still running ? great job !	1
final destination opens friday . if it does well they ll film fd and fd . so it s really more like qualifying heat destination . 	0
its been a n .w .a and solo ice cube music kinda day . . .gonna watch straight outta compton tomorrow .	0
paul crowder will be entertaining everyone at the lithglo twilight markets this saturday at queen elizabeth . . .	0
c mon . . . it s pretty hard to form the harper govt without harper ! ! ! wait . . . maybe they have another harper . . .	1
playing batman tonight tomorrow and nfl in a week . this is gunna be a good weekend 	1
i m so excited for tomorrow s stream ! i say we play batman all day then do some viewer games after d should be a juicy one .	1
if drake drops at apple music i m not going school tomorrow i m taking a day off	1
meet girl who got stuck in toilet at the leeds festival the sun news teamgrimmy	0
goin to the east playoff game tomorrow . 	1
miss usa contestants prepare to take stage baton rouge la . ap women from across the country sunday . . . news	0
ron jaworski said is the th best rookie qb from this rookie class wth wtf jaws is an idiot	2
i u m all for nd amendment rights but it would be nice to make machine gun kelly illegal	1
sunday night isn u t a big tv night for me . besides ar u c i was watching army wives but i heard a rumor it u s not been renewed .	2
elimination diet starts tomorrow don u t you mean lean vegvegveg !	1
ghoncheh ghavami s day in court will take place on october th . let s hope she is freed soon iran humanrights	1
meaning this form is from publicrecord in which it says rahul gandhi is a british national	0
singing rising sun out loud has got to be one of the most exhilirating and stress relieving things known to kpop fans haha risiiiiinggggggg	1
yes on both counts gary .listened to cit on radio h and w . with minute to go i said how wed let in goals in the last minute !	0
 st putter of the bob marley down ! cirque daiquiri bar and grill	1
back to work tomorrow so off to the cinema to finally watch ant man with jackson . heard good things plus it s marvel . . . it s gonna be mega !	1
was reading dark souls may be last souls game . that d be good . keep it special you know ?	1
tom brady speaks for the st time since suspension overturned . . . tombrady	0
chris archer tb th rays pitcher with strikeouts in a season joins scott kazmir david price amp james shields 	1
evil like the rolling stone upon a mountain top a child may first impel a giant cannot stop . richard c . trench	2
if naruto will be the th and sasuke is his rival then sasuke is at the kage rank as well .	0
saudi arabia iran face dueling drug epidemics both the governments of saudi arabia and iran announced monday . . .	2
kinda volunteered to work tomorrow night technically tonight hope they decide to work their shift cuz ive actually got a lot to do today !	0
duke energy ceo to speak in raleigh thursday jim rogers the newly installed chief executive of duke energy pro . . .	0
sorry to the directioners u c beliebers u c lovatics u c and team grimmie people who don u t like btr but tomorrow is going to be all to kendall .	2
reelz ceo is darn proud the network aired miss usa pageant reelz chief executive stan e . hubbard said sunday the cable network was . . .	0
see you this wed show is p houston improv ! ! !	1
so josh hamilton returns to anaheim for st time since the trade . big deal or not ? let us know why why not live et	0
apparently the charlie hebdo attacks and the friday the th massacre happened in the same neighborhood in paris . bad neighborhood ?	2
exactly . only reason torres even came back into the lime light were for st minute goals vs madrid amp barca	0
 reuters oklahoma s olivia jordan was crowned miss usa on sunday capping weeks of controversy in the run up to	0
it u ll prolly sound like the st pluto which was . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ok u c i wonder if he gone have kanye on it	0
yeah that s what i heard . big call of duty player and all of the new maps come out for ps first so may move across .	0
brock lesnar vs the undertaker match next sunday is going to be great .	1
zlatan is boss . elbows the fk outta terry in the back of the head then scores the st goal . daretozlatan psgche	1
is the chris evans show really bad this morning or is it monday morning blues ?	2
excitement for liverpool john moores next saturday only going in search for males with liverpudlian accents	1
marijuana on a thursday with a new episode of naruto	1
 days to convince some one to come to lana del rey with me in may lol	0
mets david wright for with walk and run scored as dh for class a st . lucie monday in st game of rehab	0
you re wearing the dexter shirt ! rt so . . .i was at the teenchoiceawards last night . . .	0
by having seth rollins as number ? all credibility is lost . may be the worst wwe champion in history ! wwe owns yall ?	2
an example of my shitty luck is that i was in magic kingdom on monday and chris evans is there tonight like wtf universe help me out	2
you may not talk to justin bieber unless spoken to now hold on just a minute	0
hulk hogan may be in hot water right now but his daughter is backing him up . brooke hogan took to facebook earlier to day to defend her	0
reading on my tl about horse porn yummeh and jennifer lawrence my friday has been actually pretty great wby ?	1
 tvd is back tomorrow cw network . finally ! the long wait is over ! ! yay ! ! ! well i can already watch it by friday evening .	1
climbing mount snowdon tonight have a feeling a may need crampons can someone ask if he has any spare i could borrow ?	0
still waiting for the replacement moto g to reach me . so much grief ! one week after the st product crashes still waiting .	2
most masters titles nd most grand slam titles tied with sampras after federer s 	0
 saw a son in him unlike thor . . .thor when loki though about his brother a frown appeared on his face . he may be hating 	0
prince george is a cancer too we really are the best .	1
murray has decided to only hit aces . already and it s just his nd game ! !	1
kendrick lamar s black friday is prolly the nicest thing he s done recently	1
 for what it u s worth u c i thought the finder was a funny u c clever show . sad it didn u t even get a nd season .	2
big congrats to winning the main event . very classy move stoping his friends from celebrations to shake the hand of sylvia st	1
don t worry they are going to kill the sharknado w a wall of fire that s hotter than the sun nasa is helping them it s a legit plan .	0
sunday oliseh the new super eagles team have his baptism of fire when the team almost suffer a defeat from their host taifas of tanzania .	0
group spent its apex in part defending its st amendment rights . but at his most dangerous ice cube seemed protected by the nd nwa	0
aww how lovely ! ! i think i may hire you for valentine s day to surprise us single girls he he xxx	1
very proud of katy perry in the breeders crown today . . . th from an awkward draw . . great drive amanda . . first aussie past the post . .	1
some baby boom with diane keaton and corn flakes happy monday !	1
hey everyone . tomorrow is the hey siri event . they re just releasing the new iphone details and the official ios release date .	1
dustin johnson to have an insane st round then bottle it	0
and muslims will be rd of worlds population that is just scary but i ll be long gone by then	2
not a damn thing went the way of the red sox tonight and that s baseball and that s life . win the series tomorrow .	2
downloading different versions of the greek alphabet song to listen to on repeat on a thursday night . . this is my life now . .	0
uk vs sc game sat at pm . only on cbs college sports . channel in the preferred tier in bremen brooks . call cable upgrade ! fb	1
just filled out my home depot application . . . .matteson u c alsip u c orland park u c homewood u c cal city now i need to make moves that way tomorrow .	0
saw them at riot fest last saturday in chicago . hopefully you ll have a moshtastic time like a i did !	1
i shall remember november when i was blessed with black friday with j cole and kendrick lamar	1
exclusive launch day offers to buy moto g rd generation mobile by clicking here 	0
real madrid can eat a bag of dicks . don t want to go through all of this again in jan . hopefully he doesn t either .	2
good news snow reported in the cascades ! bad news it is in washington state 	0
cannot wait to smash dinner tonight and eat my feelings . . .and then box all of it off tomorrow muhammad ali style .	1
dfl get out the vote bus tour event with gov . dayton starts in mins at state capitol . details 	0
david ruffin trending . . . i u m guessing the temptations movie is on tv ? they u re actually the reason i got into music in th grade .	0
like juventus is big . but really thought one of the big may have made a play with a loan	0
may b there is some confusion about muslims in ur mind set	0
kim kardashian has proved to the world that if you suck enough dick apple may just make you into an emoji	2
iran got the carrot but need to be wary of the stick . iran may howl but sanctions need to be available .	2
you want to argue net neutrality use your brain and attack comcast time warner with gb limits . . th of t mobile ! idiot .	2
chuck norris may have unlimited strength and endurance but you know what he doesn t have ? friends .	2
magic mike xxl . th time . if you think it s just about stripping . . . . .you would be wrong . . . . . yourbeautyisenough	1
this is either intentional or he will go to real madrid tomorrow .	0
un mauvais sondage et . . . mt tsipras in u turn says he may consider coalition w pasok if they get rid of venizelos amp loverdos	0
my mom was like in december we can get you the disneyland pass again i was like nah of our premiums is premium now . i ll go for free lol	1
in his bid to stop the boko haram insurgency president muhammadu buhari will visit one more country on august . . .	0
howay newcastle beat the mackems and then we can do them over next tuesday ! nufc mfc	1
i u m presently in poland but will fill you in on my return home to scotland on saturday .	0
are you going to laidback luke tomorrow ?	0
milan aug reuters lock marco bortolami italy s most capped player with appearances has been left out of the man squad	0
but then i was like she may like kpop so i take the chance and told her she was like are they all chinese i dont like them	2
if prince george s birthday is making all the news this morning imagine the headlines tomorrow when it s my birthday ! birthdayboy	1
bolton society for blind people are bringing vegas to bolton with a charity dinner on sep please rt xx bsbp	0
so moto g rd gen it is . now the long wait for it to be delivered !	0
guess that just makes the lifting local rags do from bbc anyways sanctioned and official no real change . . .	0
afc s top running backs to meet on monday night football arian foster and le veon bell are the afc s top two rus . . .	1
culture down town u c mon u c pm come celebrate spanish literature at world book day by the cervantes . . .	1
by the skin of their teeth . . . gregg williams . . easily nd best d coordinator y u all ever had	1
in no particular order the top three tom cruise films are magnolia edge of tomorrow and all the mission impossibles .	1
it s only the th minute but eden hazard already knows he made the wrong decision hehe mufc bplonfox	2
how they gone kill u on da st episode of the new season of breakout kings ? damn no more eye candy . miss you	2
sun is setting in sarajevo . split and then hvar next in the plan d	0
come to the salon . i work on friday bc of the holiday . curtis said i can cut yr hair there !	1
for the fist time in milan photo exhibition of vivian maier at via mervagli until jan st	0
twitter owned blog service posterous loses multiple databases down hours as you may notice from the n . . . tnxw	0
leaving for bacolod on the th ! having a sun cellular event in bcd . see you guys there ! ! ! omigod ! see you tom kief .	1
back to norwich city tomorrow to do loads more shopping as we couldn u t fit it all in on monday . . . shopping norwich addicted	2
slept for about hours . i seem to be in quite an odd mood . ah well u c in play offs tonight am and jack white on sunday ! ! !	2
love it george osborne ruined my yoga retreat	0
good morning my friends u c wish you very nice friday with love u c peace u c art and mutual respect 	1
may your day be full of joy and happiness ! happy birthday nick j 	1
apple watch now works with august s designer smart lock charlesmilander	1
hell yea bro the crew gnna meet up in athens on the th	0
back in stoke on trent for the nd time today !	0
my trick or treating will happen tomorrow night . .at walgreens . . . .in the candy aisle .	0
box office pixels beats ant man on friday but is it game over for the weekend ?	0
this is a picture of me praying for nirvana while the sun screams pain and the pumpkin shouts kiddy consequences	0
not suprised ! he ll be at real madrid in seasons ! amavi	0
thor is a throw back kind of pitcher . i love it ! ! ! !	1
going to nd annual kick out hate kickball tournament on the soccer field right now !	0
see ricky hatton has said in an interview that floyd mayweather is the rd best of all time	1
when you realise paper towns is out tomorrow	0
guess the idol hint he met b st u s gikwang in the th grade comment answer pr no pr wrong admin . . .	0
i always thought michael dyer isiah crowell would play a big game in nov for a conference title . just didn t know it would be the swac .	2
curtis what was that false alarm in late july ? ? ? or the gook something is being prepared . .	0
hallowed be thy name by iron maiden may have the greatest lyrics ever written .	1
annie hasn u t finished the high water marks but ash wed is under bayford oyster co sandy	0
what better than to enjoy turkey u c pumpkin pie and birthday cake all on the same day monday . best way to celebrate being legal ! cantwait	1
nirvana may be the face of grunge but they didn t create it . df may have many hands in but they aint responsible	0
ohio gov . john kasich launched his long shot bid for the white house on tuesday casting himself as an underdog . . .	0
this saturday we u re in scenic petrolia come one u c come all to the mattole valley community center u s mid summer . . .	0
nigerian media seek to cope with boko haram threat	2
i remember watching friday i would always think ice cube was cute but now he s old 	0
alright ymm ! tonight i champion shoeless joe at ymmreads ! c mon out and find out how a shoe gal can defend a book with that title 	1
i ve a bad feeling simpson s plot in the nd half of the season is jessicajones equivalent of thor s vision quest in age of ultron	2
chris brown really had me saturday . he sung all the throwbacks	1
amy schumer will be here friday amp i want to go !	1
okay u c okay . . .saturday ot just became worth it . . .someone came with porto u s cheese rolls ! yum !	1
aaron rodgers jersey battery room under the windmill . wagnoli august blog designer wedding dresses sale 	0
 tmzeargasm tomorrow . . back back . we will play nirvana . another acts . who do you want ? tell us 	0
wright greets mets at hotel in full uniform with cookies david wright may have greeted the phillies with an u . . .	0
only reason im excited for tomorrow is the ac dc concert	1
people power travels to egypt to see how the april th activists have been faring since mohamed morsi u s election .	0
renewed fighting rocks syria an early morning explosion rocked the flashpoint city of deir ezzor on saturday in an . . .	2
well at least we got miguel frank ocean and the weeknd	1
free beer tasting with stone brewing in oregon this friday ! come hang out with me and erin and taste some beers ! . . .	1
with happy homes coming out i think so ! ! ! and also gay marriage may start showing up too . . .	0
 minutes into nd quarter and mid prairie in the red zone of west liberty ready to strike again . iahsfb kcrgfnl	0
venice beach tomorrow what s the move . yktd	1
hi david wright davemattwright do u want to get free iph ne today ? please check my bi . thx	0
fuck man i can t go see shawn on the th and i can t go to see jack amp jack on the th .	2
 redsox over the mon daily red sox links bobby valentine clay buchholz jose iglesias usually a win makes eve . . .	0
destroy isis hezbollah boko haram hamas al qaeda just to name a few amp peace may come to the world	0
 obamanewpromises chinese new year will replace the th of july as our independence day holiday	0
q in which year badr the st battle in the history of islam was fought ? a . ad b . ad c . ad answer a ad gb jiskani	0
going out tomorrow for the first time in days to my dads for dinner first watching dons v preston on sky sports tho steppingstones	0
seth rollins st superstar to hold both world us title but will he be the st to retain both titles in the same night ? ? nightofchampions	1
did you know that seth rollins was trending topic on monday for hours in washington ? trndnl	0
look forward to auld guy battering fuck out of ye in the sfv beta tomorrow . going mental on here because it doesn t play like dark souls	1
happy valentines day from the rangers via i used to watch this video all the time when they st made it .	1
toby keith tonight eric church tomorrow state baseball saturday shania twain sunday it s going to be a good weekend ! ! !	1
frank ocean is one of the last acts at fyf on saturday and if he dips out i swear i m going to riot	2
neither abc nbc nor had one panelist favoring the ky clerk or donald trump on sunday ! .	0
i wish the jason aldean amp cole swindell concert was tomorrow	0
had such an epic night . gonna pay for it tomorrow when raw hits newcastle . wwe raw	1
golf junior franco castro had birdies and a to tie the school record for a single hole round . he was tied for rd at .	0
a de la soul song you may have heard !	0
guys vevo may not be updating bad blood took months to get m likes we could ve broken the record . keep refreshing dragmedownmusicvideo	0
theory what if frank ocean dropped out of fyf fest to instead perform at the vhs luau dance tomorrow ?	0
starting wednesday september th big brother will move to sunday s tuesday s and wednesday s for the rest of the season . bb 	0
 who wants to go to a a ap rocky concert with me on the th or th ? ! ? ! ? you don u t have a choice on who you taking we going !	0
see you sat at pacha buenos aires ! release yourself radio guest mix from anil chawla by roger sanchez via soundcloud	0
september th taught many of us all we want to know about islam .	0
so the xbox live servers are down . no more cod till friday 	2
i was so disappointed with magic mike xxl ! ! ! if it would have came out first i dont think i would have watched the nd one .	2
 mlb cubs kris bryant will not be in the starting lineup for thursday s game vs milwaukee .	0
i may even stroll to something besides rosa at jouvert ! but only cause it s dark . . . lol this saturday ! tickets !	0
guise ! let s hang out tomorrow ! i ll be going as choji . if you re cosplaying a naruto character let s take pics ! . . .	1
ghost rider will be joining mvpc tomorrow afternoon . he u s blind u c but we u re hoping its just cataracts . . . . ghost is . . .	0
follow and meet her on november . she deserves to meet you u ccrew justin . she u ll be at the bell center at ! .	1
mom absent on mother s day hello mother s day fell on my weekend with my son . thursday prior i asked the . . .	0
jls need to shut the fuck up . all they are doing is warming the stage for runrig on saturday !	2
daily skimm i like the way you move nice info on bobby jindal 	1
who u s going to pumpkins and pancakes at october ? halloween	0
so cycle fan tweeps u cwho is going to win the mens race tomorrow then ? i reckon phillip gilbert or tom boonen swoon ! 	1
what impact did fmr nfl hof frank gifford have in terms of sports broadcasting being in the booth of monday night f ball ?	0
food truck friday at the pacific view mall ventura tomorrow night	0
for arsenal and spurs sake let s hope the futures of fabregas and modric are sorted before aug st .	0
nah m always start at the beginning and see the evolution madonna s nd and rd albums are perf 	1
here are the few bold hulk hogan apologists hulk hogan drew nearly universal scorn in the aftermath of friday . . .	2
the yu gi oh legacy of the duelist series for ps is coming to the th episode . have you seen it ? here s the st one 	0
all the hoopla around the others and i m sitting here and my kris bryant man crush is th grade esque .	0
 countries to attend iranplast expo tehran the th edition of the iranplast exhibition will open on . . .	0
kind of a throwback to eid when the sun and i guess wind was in our faces	0
omg then i sat on my floor in front of the tv and bawled over shawn when he was performing on that one show	1
yeaa ! rd place ! congrats ! end of the game ! indonesia warriors singapore slingers ! thanks for the supports superriors !	1
wrapping up this jersey shore commercial today . fist pumping all day	0
true blue by madonna was no . in the uk album charts on september 	1
the concerts are tonight through saturday . go . she is after all the tony blair of music undefeated .	1
btw did you see that star wars is now out on the th dec ?	1
lois lerner has made her living trampling the st amendment at the fec and then the irs .	0
fragile george skaroulis sting . . . .tomorrow s rain will wash the stains away but something in our minds will . . .	0
chet faker and kendrick for me . giraffage was dope too . had to work the booth sunday night but i still heard elton and sam smith	1
brooklyn bridge this past friday was a clear and beautiful day ! ! i decided to take a stroll over to the brookly . . .	1
just remember . . .the wwat isn t over until sunday evening 	0
just watched the caitlyn jenner shit for the st time . . . ummmm he still sound just like bruce . never watching again	2
fire it up . we will be posting free picks here for the next couple weeks . nfl picks will be up saturday some cfb plays this wk as well	0
 ? was from timot . he s going to bengals v broncos on sunday . breathing same air as manning . crushsohard	1
 th . juventus and milan conclude the top .	1
remembering years death of george harrison one of the best guitarist ever february november 	1
text of speech by gibraltar s chief minister at the finance centre lunch in london last monday .	0
our cuts through the coach speak in brian kelly s tuesday press conference .	1
this saturday ! come see what it u s like to train for the nfl combine at body space fitness . click the link below . . .	0
the bernie sanders like social democratic new democrats have the nd most mps amp of canadians voted for them .	1
i don t want rousey to be captain marvel ! she may be strong enough but she s not pretty enough .	2
this is like the th time i ve tweeted john cena about that	0
happy sunday last off sadat before back to work enjoy it tweeps now to do yard work for a couple hours then some fun	1
will you be joking the naugles to be for dinner on saturday night at olive garden for kayla jos b day . . .	0
which camera rep are you most excited to see at demo days on nov ? nikon u c canon u c tamron u c sony u c sigma etc . . . 	0
a whole day of maths u c i have to endure this on monday killmenow	2
can i get hooked with tickets from you for the jason aldean in bristow va jiffy lube live ? can we burn it down in va sept 	0
this may come up as offensive but i done lying to myself . islam s aim is to spread peace . no denying it has so much reason in its message .	1
saudi arabia refuses to take in syrian refugees because it may upset their national balance . why do eu leaders not see this as a problem ?	2
iron maiden s new album book souls comes out september can t wait to hear it	1
fynn s th birthday is coming up would it be too early to buy him the first harry potter book ? ? ?	0
earl tomorrow then kendrick the day after ! ! ! ! ! cant handle	1
jean machi showing red sox fans exactly what giants fan already knew ! three walks in the th one run in bases loaded out .	0
i was impressed with larussa . defense dominant on st team . bentley ok better near end . deep at rb . punting needs some work .	1
if anyone is interested i have a pizza in the oven and the boxed set of game of thrones on blu ray friday turndownforwhat	1
april st i u m gonna see you guys in london o arena ! can u t wait ! xx	1
my official bday weekend kicking off party friday sept st club bodi and going out with a bang grand finale . . .	0
remember to tune into this weeks legend quest on syfy tonight . the team are on the trail of merlin and king solomon what a fine blend !	1
nicola s theresa may liz kendall amp angela merkel . but i m wrong about the last one right ? i just see her everywhere atm .	0
smooches from fido yea or nay ? july th was international kissing day of the human sort . later in the month u c ca . . .	0
relief for tsipras as greece passes nd reform bill without the syriza revolt spreading 	0
whenever i see wwf i don t st think of world wildlife fund for nature i think of hulk hogan amp andre the giant .	0
rubbish day not helped by helpful academic who says i ve rendered my unborn baby irreparably stupid by having a glass of wine on sat nights	2
 saudicoalitiondividingummah if today it s iran tomorrow it can be pakistan don t let america win by its divide and rule again	0
wednesday reading opens up about being black and gay in hollywood noahsarc	0
ouch . yeah u c seeing the lakers tomorrow will likely be enough . lol	0
join the movable challenge ! get your movband at spirit fest tomorrow or thursday and move one step closer to an ipad !	1
carly fiorina is a sad excuse for a successful woman . she may be a former ceo and that s great but her politics are fucked up big time .	2
i just need to know if the term sharknado will be mentioned in an afd tomorrow . this is important .	0
thanksgiving game was a fluke murray played with a broken hand in nd romo had all day in philly .	0
labour saying they still have issues with govt proposals on eu referendum purdah plans and may vote with tory rebels	2
the total number of distressed properties for sale declined for the th straight week to in fairfax u c loudoun u c and arlington	0
so it s the start of october . days till halloween . trust some dickhead to dress up as joseph kony on the st .	2
if anything it ll make it bigger . the ira said bloody sunday was the best recruitment campaign they could hope for .	1
i may be an asshole for insulting d fans but you guys crossed the line by saying mitch deserved to die . stereotypical d fans . 	2
attention romo haters . guess who is the th highest career qb rating all time ? that s right . .higher than manning brees warner montana etc	1
i was reading an interview with chris evans and it mentioned when he was young he d have sunday night meltdowns about school . that s me	0
in october kunle afolayan delivered what s arguably the best film out of nollywood yet .	1
hey you didn t miss it ! today july rd is national hot dog day ! getyourweinersonsomebuns ! xoxo kit n luck	1
and also paid for not even half of the heritage classic tickets goleafsgo . and also we re going to the kee again monday wetwild	0
first day was pretty gucci ! ! can t wait tomorrow	1
norman reedus is there going to be a th season of the walking dead	0
don t see why old women move away when i sat down dw dearies i ain t on it to steal your handbag or infect you with gay	2
was going to wait and start go set a watchman on the plane tomorrow but i don t think i can wait that long .	1
justin bieber hits back at seconds of summer over ama after party claim it may well be the beginnings of th . . .	1
was ready to tune in and watch my thursday night comedy on channel and then the tv guide tells me the voice is on . . .dammit .	0
if you re struggling come january and benzema don t happen i d go for him he ll give for arsenal and score !	1
is a universal feminism concerning everyone as for taylor swift she may get into that category idk	0
ellern someone alert the real madrid doctor team ! bale may experience back pain after carrying wales to the quarterfinals in france ! 	0
literally all the best mariah carey songs . all of them .	1
i m going to disneyland ! ! ! ! ! ! see ya guys tues	1
tomorrow will mark years since the wichita state football team plane crash happened . october u c silver plume u cco lost their lives	2
love how i skipped every category of the nta u s besides the soaps . couldn u t give half a fuck if everything else went off the air tomorrow .	1
i just saw a glance at the new galaxy note . looks interesting . that may be my next phone .	1
our holiday matinee continues tomorrow with jurassic world at pm through the week .	0
today s the th ? we ve got some apple news coming i just want to get on with it amp upgrade my iphone .	0
congrats to aiden wagner who scored his st bchl goal in his st preseason game vs . prince george . he was named the game s rd star .	1
sang one garth . . . . well it s bulls and blood it s dust and mud it s the roar of a sunday crowd it s the white in . . .	0
 of . . .and despite what you may have seen on tv u c the jersey shore is a place beloved by and home to many many good people . . .	1
i guess the hardcore mma guys hope he leaves but dana white will not let him go .	0
i swear dustin johnson has led just about every major after st days . then goes on to tank it .	0
we re excited that bernie sanders will be visiting cd for the nd time since declaring . he ll be at winthrop on sept .	1
he didn t have the balls plus it would have busted him . the nd time it was a msg to muslims he defends koran	2
yahoo fantasty basketball league . just sign in through facebook for an account . send me emails i need like ppl leggo ! draft sundy th !	0
did u see ?il divo u s coming to romania bucharest this sunday !if i u d only known months earlier ! !do u like u em ?r u going ?	0
chesters tomorrow for the match with me and shoddy you cool motherfucker ?	2
november selena with amy schumer backstage at the th annual hollywood film awards in beverly hills california .	0
the yr old woman arrested for streaking at the chelsea flower show had on st prize in the dried bush arrangement .	2
ant man at amc cinema suites on a sunday afternoon is a great choice . good film . have to see it again cause missed scene	1
it u s a sunday u c i think in the spirit of douglas adams and feeling like shit i will have a second bath	2
in honour of ice cube i m smokin blunts and drinking an old english right before watching the movie straight outta compton tomorrow .	1
when i see this i remember laurel . so look at this nirvana t shirt ! maybe it might be may .	0
dr . mohamed morsi announced as egypt u s first elected president after the glorious th of jan revolution . .	0
since sunday is the th anniversary of jerry garcia s death how about some grateful dead bump for music ?	1
the nigerian government hasn t been transparent enough in the fight against boko haram truth	2
dear giant fans please find another way to get to the parade on wednesday . i do not want to see u on caltrain ! memoriesofhell ! !	2
 st its like imma play headlock u c and then safe and sound u c and now you gonna play all star . hmmmm	0
in forbes ranked nestle as the th largest public company in the world ahead of google bp ibm and . . . negative by tanya agrawal july reuters weak results from ibm and united technologies weighed on the dow and the s amp p while the nasdaq positive good local meet friday with ibm and apple challenging security myths positive mynextbigproject ? positive ibm achieves st fedramp mobile ato with cloud based maas enterprise mobility mgmt amp . . . positive looking forward to the cdo roundtable with ibm tomorrow on data innovation . thanks to for inviting me . ibmcdo positive virtual cics user group meeting sept with ibm s keith allen discussing creating an agile development environment while reducing cost .	1
so caitlyn jenner may be charged with manslaughter . bruce you sly bastard you found a way into a female correctional facility ! myhero	0
selena s album is coming out november th amp it s called for you it ll include new songs amp old we poor	1
 in a row and david price going tomorrow night ? letsgo	0
steam you may be interested in dark souls ? me no . s dark souls ? m no . s dark souls scholar of the first sin ? m fuck it why not .	0
stop by and see us before the show ! th and curtis ! denvercenter thelionking	0
me sam and curtis sat outside the fire station for over an hour at am for no reason whatsoever	0
i have to go to chapel hill tomorrow and the usps still hasn u t contacted me or found my damn speech processors ! ! ! ! i hate the usps	2
happy tuesday loves ! ! i m so excited to share this taylor swift inspired tutorial with you all ! ! xox	1
there are still a few tix left for the pm live taping of my debut comedy special live from venice beach nxt thurs	1
carlo ancelotti isco is a very important player . tomorrow james rodriguez will start he rested wednesday .	1
blue news today i am going to dry out the show gear whilst the sun is out . it got very wet at the great yorkshire show	0
tech council of maryland and prince george s county kick off collaborative initiative with reception on july 	0
july aug max pg amp magic mike xxl r mark your calendar now for the labor day weekend dbl dusk to dawn . you won t want to miss it !	1
ask a year old when is the valentine s day and he will tell you precisely . but come august every year and . . .	0
see john lloyd cruz angel locsin at the unofficially yours la premiere on feb .for tix visit or call 	0
this is like my rd msg about this but im dumb . do you know kane s anymore ? i lost it . also hope everythings good and stuff	1
woot ! so excited that i get to watch tonight s game . go colts ! !	1
october new photo of justin with lenny kravitz at l amp arc .	0
flight from vancouver to montreal . view right window . fling high above the clouds into the sun .	0
should i read my spanish textbook and then the seventy pages of paper towns due tomorrow or should i watch netflix ? . . . i choose netflix . . . .	0
i tried the xbox one preview . . . .couldn t figure out how to fly .	0
boss lady bamboo on sunday come do it major with bdr	0
brand ? i u m waiting for a ticketek voucher to come through . if it u s not here by tuesday though i u ll just pay full price .	0
 h and the multiple delays of their st album drove me to kpop . . . . . i hope they re happy	0
lexus builds a hoverboard for bttf s th . not investment related however the video on page is well worth a watch 	1
rest in peace frank gifford ! my thoughts and prayers go out to and her family ! may god be with them thero this hard time !	1
check out the u father of lights u film fb fan page and read what people are saying about it ! airing friday p pt revtv	0
going ice skating friday with thalia jack helemma and jazmin maybe giancarlo yaaaaa . . .	0
it gets to xbox tomoz so hopefully they send a new one on friday	1
international women s day over for another year roll on march th !	0
are you guys going to need mercy volunteers at the green bay wi show ? ? i can help out next wed . . . if you need it ? ?	1
me going to phuk the city up sept . we taking it back to fairground for battleofthesexes lets see who rock men women	0
fuck everyone else dexter is my friend tonight . bring it season 	1
police surgery fri for penygraig residents at the boys girls club am am u c pop along and meet your local officer md	0
may i know if there is still a chance to meet tiger woods before he leaves singapore ?	0
rt come one come all .bring your blankets chairs picnic stuff watch crooklyn under the brooklyn bridge .gonna be a fun crookly . . .	1
when i went to the justin bieber concert when i was in th grade floor tickets were now they re like 	0
paula first plans shoot st vid w leo . madonna advises begin with a solo . babydoll is shot b showgirls 	0
pac play of the week in cfb on thursday night at winners last cfb plays !	0
demi sat on miley s bed and groaned . she whispered why can t i come with you to italy ? this is soooo not fair .	2
she has best pop vocal album in the bag . she and kendrick may win for bad blood pop duo and the video and blank space soty	1
super saturday was a blast ! ! what classes did you try ?	1
conference last day for early bird regs for arps radiation safety bridging the gap sydney oct	0
so whos seeing peacock and gamble tomorrow who can get me a ticket because i haven u t got a card . i have the money u c i u ll give it to you there	0
build a nation heard it today for the first time . . . . fist pump in the air rt who run the world remix with nicki minaj	0
can u t wait to go to to the patriots game dec . th ahhh i hope we get a mssive snow storm !	1
justin bieber tells fans to buy nhs choir song and make it christmas no 	0
three bands who could have challenged st jeff beck group free and fleetwood mac with peter green .	1
bret hart hbk and vince mcmahon were now involved in the nd best screwjob ever	0
tsipras seemed like a teflon prime minister . . . but now it looks the mud is beginning to stick . by h .dixon	2
dude u are killing me with the big brother spoilers . i may have to unfollow u until the season is over lol	2
yeah i think so . we saw suarez score up near us and we played pretty well nd half so it wasn u t so bad . probably should u ve had et	1
trading street iphone change may be how you ll pay apple s biggest update to the iphone may be how most cons . . .	0
those of you with ios devices ask siri to give you a hint about tomorrow s apple keynote .	1
does anybody want to go to justin bieber with me on july in baltimore ? ? section floor probably	0
who just scored tickets to saturday s game between uga and ole miss ! ? this yotefox just did 	1
tweets about ac dc establish ashley madison hack suspect the hacker behind the recent ashley madison leak may ha . . .	0
gonna start the s show with pride by u just for all ireland sunday ! starting at pm on rte gold digital radio !	0
since yesterday was the th anniversary of the worldwide celebration of international talk like a pirate day . . . .	0
so mfs just gon act like j . cole and kendrick lamar didn t hint at dropping that collab joint in february ? ? ?	0
sting save randy orton from the attack of the authority raw march 	0
quite excited for the pl fixtures tomorrow u c i u d love a north london derby at whl !	1
attention girls ! sleep over at my house this saturday ! ! ! we will be watching the katy perry concert movie times 	1
 st match of the night randy orton vs . sheamus . let s get it on ! summerslam wwenetwork wwebrooklyn randyorton sheamus	1
i want to see white arrows at north star bar sat studio session on wed	0
wouldnt d have posted a facebook statement first like what they did with zayn ? this is big news and it s just being reported by the sun	0
 underworld to the fans of underworld and independent art as you may already know u c underworld is once again in . . .	0
looks like our english kaki at tnp missed the person for that wonder pass for mata st goal eden hazard !	0
nash is bae nash is life but skash skylynn and nash videos are just the whole package . thursday hurry up pls nashsnewvideo	1
effort pa friends ! ! ! sarah g . day is down to the rd spot nalg . huwar patibag ! 	0
spur of the moment . . . .going to san diego for the nfl game tonight ! psyched ! nhl ducks game tomorrow ! great start to the weekend ! 	1
dana white ontitle shot he ll get whatever he wants custom clothing here link amp gt h	0
got my tickets see you tomorrow chris and levi ! time to mosh	1
hollywire tv wtf wednesday talking about zayn s twitter feud is quite relevant	0
dont get paid till saturday but im going traffod centre tonight u c cba	2
listened to foo fighters cold day in the sun	0
divinetworks gets the green light from china telecom beijing june prnewswire china telecom s guan . . .	1
was it about katy perry ? my oldest rts are all about her .	0
with those winnings u can play chesters shot games tomorrow .	1
i m going to an amy schumer show on campus sunday night and of course they sent an e mail saying we won t be allowed to have mace .	0
 patriots tom brady may or may not know anything about deflating footballs but he can deflate nfl commission goodell godcomplex	0
if apple wants to sell me an ipad they d better announce it tomorrow	0
 chrisbrown health islamic state fighters fled their last bastion in the center of ramadi sunday night as ira . . .	0
one of stars of the night should be david wright ! first game back since april th hits an homerun scored runs ! sc stars	1
kinda sad you re not doing a liveshow this tuesday to talk about why kanye west is the kanye best 	2
kendrick knows kanye the goat hence the black friday freestyle .	0
i keep thinking its gonna be a green day tomorrow but then i remember that it will be a white day so i cry	2
from elvis costello s memoirs to chris evans s mastery of his craft here s on the week s best radio	1
louis tomlinson may not be a father i didn t see anything more greedy for a little attention i wouldn t be surprised if he came out as gay	2
rt i copped the new straightstuntin today last issue . . . . . dayum ! ! ! detroit models you know who to come to when u want to b . . .	0
omg saturday at u c p .s . i love you premieres on abc family .	1
janet jackson took a moment to remember aaliyah on the th anniversary of her passing . the iconic artist penned . . .	0
what ebert said about the friday the th series is actually true of sharknado whatever you say about one can stand for all of them .	0
what will happen to portchuck if port charles voters vote to change the name of the city to port pine view on the nov th referendum ?	0
tomorrow venus is gonna eclipse with the sun ! watch out for it guys !	0
i will be at the famous bentley s saloon in arundel maine tomorrow night from to and it s also prime rib night	0
i still have my original newfangled ipod . maybe i ll bring it to the game on monday .	1
haha i havent worn shalwar kameez for about years . you went bolton darul uloom ? mashaallah . may i ask . . . . hifz ? aalim class ?	0
walking around milan on a thursday night stockexchange in milan . meditate on the hand	0
john cena just beat up jon stewart on monday night raw too funny .	0
angela merkel and francois hollande consider the conduct of the elections in dnr and lnr threat minsk agreements	0
temple u c drexel u c penn u c ny sd u c state of nj closed for monday and tuesday . philly sd ? still thinking about it . thatmakessense noitdoesnt	2
it u s conference championship weekend at ncs ! ! come out tomorrow to cheer our raiders on to victory in the vic and . . .	0
counting the cost of the boko haram crisis	0
wow this may be the killer app for apple watch .	1
you missed the part where saudi arabia stated price hike is keeping in line with international energy prices right ?	0
don t miss the fr ted quiz for threshold hosted by the hilarious aka fr damo ! dec tix	1
paul mccartney may have sung about jet but my vote s for tails .	0
fucking jon stewart just made john cena lose the match for his th world title because he doesn t want cena to tie flair . wrestling s great	2
tea salon s th birthday celebration starts on google in a few minutes . must be following the page to see invite 	1
girl scouts will be out picking up trash through hawley on november . this is just to do our part in helping keep hawley clean . we will . . .	1
mersey side derby then the nfl at wembley . nice little sunday lined up .	1
catch me watching the new naruto in class tomorrow	0
if this is the end for i once again have to commend for his emotional gary carter memorial show in february	0
the sun is shining over the uoncareersroadshow at sb . fingers crossed for tomorrow at the exchange building jc from am ! . . .	0
i have to decide if i u m going to the louisville game saturday asap so they won u t take away my tickets	0
milan will play bologna on the th of january when serie a resumes after the christmas break .	0
mar shayla didn t know any of the sam smith songs	0
 rd and for notredame and chris brown catches the st down pass	1
frank gifford died this morning he would have turned next sunday 	2
i m listening to a blue grass song that i usually associate with nirvana . it s that kinda sunday .	1
game comes out on december st . i will definitely be picking it up for ps .	0
so confused to why the digi line up for tomorrow says reed deming	0
kurt cobain has been dead for years amp he s dropping a solo album in november amp im still waiting for frank ocean s new album	0
 listen dana white on saturday sports sentral president of the ufc dana white chats with kevin hillier ahead . . .	0
shes good ! she turned a year old last month and shes going to peru with my mom on saturday	1
i love dr . aq ! ! kamran shahid interviewed him today .i suggest u to watch it	1
you mean the iraqi s that have decided to side with iran and are basically a satellite of that country ? yawn .	2
i m going to a sam smith concert tomorrow hahahahahaha i totally forgot	1
number u c address u c cat u s name and a date this thursday . no fucking about ! just call me tomb raider . . . .	0
wtf . so now we have to wait til friggin u january for the next episode of pretty little liars . what is this ? !	2
i could have had the best day ever ! . .if i had went to tha nicki minaj concert in ac tonight . . .	1
our friends rugby team are back in richmond tonight playing under friday night lights . good luck to both teams	1
i want chris evans arms to kill me	0
liberals supporting yakub today are the same guys who will support isis tomorrow . .	2
crying over the teen wolf final and being sad that there is no teen wolf tomorrow	2
bottom th now braun up perkins in ryan braun triples down the right field line brewers brewcrew mlb	0
need for speed . . snap tomorrow . . rukna is banned . . rahul gandhi was the quickest today . you will be the one for . . .	1
espn it may not be the biggest squad in the last yrs but ancelotti is working for quality over quantity . everyone will get their chance .	1
me amp my phone have one sided relationship as it does not have sensors like moto g rd gen . youdesrvebetter	0
jurassic world is coming back to theaters this friday . i might need to see it again	1
with this sweet and sudden u turn frin israel don t we all understand how the term doenmeah was coined in the st place ?	1
dunkin is the more sensible option . while it may not always be a party in your mouth it certainly is a cheaper thrill lol	1
and for the cl he scored tap ins after messi and suarez had already finished the ties in the st legs the final	0
factual error army chief did not spend eid night there as he was in pindi for open house sat evening .	0
im picking and is keeping the title till royal rumble on sunday january helinacell	0
cw network aug th check nelly on his nee show . . . . . i have friends involved on that show . .check it out let me know what u think	1
i have no one to drive me i am going to amy u s tomorrow to do maths .	2
they are hereee ! i u m so envy those who just met them at the klia especially who took pictures w nick j tomorrow is my turn !	1
and so the confusion here is generated by what may be termed topical dissonance google .	2
sunday am message being a christian is more than just a name . god commands us to act like christians . find out . . .	0
edgar davids made a successful return after a year absence by leading barnet to its st league win of the season vs northampton .	1
like yoga ? this monday is a free day of yoga in austin ! of course if you stay at the fairview in the live oak . . .	1
we ve beaten kershaw so why can t we beat madbum tmrw ? we win tomorrow then just gotta win both at home . havefaith cardinalnation	1
 fb fiorina blasts clinton asks why trump is mia republican hopeful carly fiorina said monday that she . . . news	0
ibm has built a digital rat brain that could power tomorrow s smartphones via damn i want me one of those	1
can t wait to see the anderson silva fight saturday woop woop	1
the main games i remember actually getting new was the nd pokemon mystery dungeon bioshock and dark souls 	0
going to see and the under the sun tour tonight . hoping mark doesn t bring a sharknado with him	0
how was your day today ? did you enjoy watching softball . we missed you on tiger woods	0
watch u perform october for first time in years rolling stone one of the most poignant moments of the show	0
for me tiger woods losing yesterday was the same feeling vikings amp packer fans get after a loss on sunday . want . . .	0
all i really want is to eric church to play carolina on friday	0
hockey game against cardigan tomorrow bring it on .	1
so excited to see so many of you heading to our google ! happy friday !	1
dammn yung tracy mcgrady goin to play in china really wish injuries didnt slow him down was one the best in the my nd favorite player	2
 st day after eid vacation . had a wonderful time all through . it was a bit raining in the evening but enjoyed . . .	1
gala sunday oct great food drink music people ! tickets support the arts yyjarts	1
 joseph prince fb when your problems were in your hands u c the weight and the burden may have crushe . . .when you . . .	0
as a jewish accepting islam should be considered . you can keep the sabbath . but friday becomes your new sabbath	0
zac brown band mexico amp you want to hit the beach for four sun drenched days in mexico featuring the zac bro . . .	1
ryan braun lines his th homer of the year to give brewers lead over reds in the first inning at miller park .	0
i m in thailand laa . hat yai to be exact . will be going to krabi tomorrow 	1
good luck agaist tampa bay tonight .	1
australia test and odi captain michael clarke at the launch of the international season in brisbane on monday . . .	0
wish i could make that trip to athens on tuesday	1
labor day may be past but we still have plenty of grilling weather ahead . one of the many joys of living in . . .	0
i can t believe this is the st time hulk hogan has been called out for making a fool of himself . anyone else notice that guy s entire life ?	2
is it just me or he looks like david beckham ?	0
floyd mayweather is the greatest . you may not like his attitude but like at what this black man did in the sport of boxing . so fuck yall .	1
don t miss our reader offer to see the who at the nia in tomorrow s	1
nicki had the most consecutive weeks in the top by a female artist with pink friday .	0
seriously you s fault is that alonso doesn t have his rd and possibly th wdc yet ? ? i am sure we all know the answer .	2
in sorry but my aunt listens to all kpop and she never heard of ok now yea my fanbase may get mad and start shit but this time	2
heading back to the states today after two months . . then moving to florida tomorrow ! very exciting times 	1
 africanbaze kris and caitlyn jenner take first photo at kylie s th birthday bash see the family pics ! . . .	0
quite interesting how fiorentina is in nd and down the table is the likes of juve and milan .	0
 mlblogs just mets david wright to start at third base on monday against the phillies mets	0
she said that some day soon u c the sun was gonna shine . and she . . .couldn u t have been more wrong ! my valentine .	2
come to mtsu football fan day tomorrow from pm at murphy center ! meet the team for autographs and enjoy hotdogs and drinks !	1
sam smith s doing next james bond theme ? could be st one where instead of intro with bond shooting toward camera he just shoots himself .	2
missing saturday morning epl fever . gonna miss it for another year at least ! i blame the board u c roger johnson and the hapless defence wwfc	2
dustin johnson is just a pig with this rd and th round play	2
alone at a mcdonald s . few vestibules away people are talking about mar s presidency run while the other table talks about nicki s vma feud .	0
everytime the steelers are playing on sunday night football the first thing i get fired up for is ike taylor introducing himself	1
u at this point may be the worst u tribute band .	2
 . . . you re going to get a little wet . cubs b kris bryant s out homer in the bottom of the th vs . the rockies . . .	0
full results from eldora speedway ! finished nd with the nra !	1
ibm s spectrum protect named gartner s leaders quadrant for enterprise backup software a leader for the th time	0
dana white just said mcgregor looked great weigh ins and made it easily .thats st ballot hof just sayin stuff	0
democrats will quickly implode and concede . obama will either veto the boehner bill or invoke the th amend . . .then impeach !	2
watch david wright return and be david wright . . . there s a chance he may never be the same player . . . no way ! . . . also a chance he is .	0
could you please send me to ed sheeran september th at the acc ? he has inspired me and gotten me through tough times !	1
concern s having th guy who can play cb kane s natural safety but he played some cb in camp unless others like tyree will 	0
calm before the storm . i am ready ! ! ! good girl u c bad girl stage play tomorrow at fabc ! after this show u c up next is u c don u t judge me . 	0
hindsight says gibby shouldve never let david price see the th but you gotta see what you got bluejays	0
interesting fact while this will be our representative s nd special session of the year it will be bentley s th for the year .	1
anyone want to see sam smith with me on october th ?	0
if this woman gets away with this there may be some serious repercussions for christians . i can see muslimed . . .	0
is everyone ready for foo fighters at wrigley field saturday ? get ready . . . eastlakeview is going to be in . . .	0
thor just layed on the couch even he heard him . he sat up and juat ate by himself . . on the balcony . .right around him no rain	1
baby boom should be about launching bastard kids born into welfare lives into the fucking sun like superman did with nukes in superman iv .	2
drew peterson may be convicted u c but there is still conflict going on whenwillitend localnews chicago	0
bee gees always been a favorite . . .musical genius ! their music soundtrack made the film saturday night fever . love them !	1
there s the st and nd suplex of the match ! brock lesnar just screamed suplex city bitch ! summerslam	0
new changes to service agreement may mean less privacy . learn some of the changes to windows on our facebook or google 	0
bob marley sun is shining original gorgeous day and very fortunate	1
track meet tomorrow south florence u c timmonsville u c and the worlds finnest west florence tracknation	0
goodluck jonathan fought boko haram and at the same time transformed the economy . . fumbles amp wobbles . . .	0
finally wrapped up shooting in vegas time for a good night on the town 	1
jr . preds won nd game against the columbus flames . go preds !	0
aw thanks lou u c im getting it out tomorrow tho ahaa x	1
class act ! wishing paul dunne the very best for tomorrow at the open	1
s .o .s i left my naruto game at home and at my grandpas till monday i won t make it help	2
nirvana tribute concert friday july st at pine street bar in livermore with tributes to green day and the . . .	0
broncos beat saints during sunday night football broncos won to over the new orleans saints on sunday night . . .	0
undertaker has words for brock lesnar on tonight s raw results 	0
filming update it is not the next captain america that s filming tomorrow but is it a movie with chris evans ! i so still a yay !	1
hi guys i changed my tarif over to fix and reward sept and it came with a amazon voucher when will i receive this ?	0
we will be part of a signing with legendary wrestler hulk hogan on october th ! ! we are accepting items and . . .	1
caitlyn jenner may be responsible for the death of jon benet ramsey and someone else via lgbt	2
dsq band will open for air supply july th at winspear opera house ! ! ! come see our first concert with the full . . .	1
hello nuggets u c i u m going to get you tomorrow .	0
ac dc with family tomorrow night in detroit rock city ! lets go	1
come work a booth with me and others for bernie sanders at the elkton fair on september .	0
i still watch the new episode of naruto every thursday geek	1
 nick j all day and on my powder puff pants . looks like i u m gonna be a stud tomorrow under the lights .	1
common sense isn t common among the cult members . qadianicult ahmadiyyacult may allah guide them and keep us steadfast in islam . amen .	1
 nd half couldn t cope . they kept coming at us shalke crossed vermalen turned it in . .we were playing so well till just b ht	2
join now for boosted arsenal amp chelsea both to win in the bpl tomorrow . afc cfc	1
the pain is far deeper than a billy cundiff missed field goal . gotta wake up and forget about it tomorrow . orioles stayhungry	0
so according to my dream on november th i m going to fight john cena at wrestlemania as the main event in new york . lmao	1
indians are up ! they have to win tonight facing verlander tomorrow !	1
last tweet until john cena wins the wwe world heavyweight championship for the th time	1
good tuesday morning . its the last day of the month which means at northside in summersville we are going to be moving cars . come see me !	1
glad i watched twilight . now i m not alarmed when i see out in the sun	1
one time in the th grade my friend brought a cd player to recess and i brought my nirvana cd and we listened to rape me the whole time	1
is that seth rollins or the th member of new day ? wwe titlefortitle summerslam	0
well done to all the competitors of ironman wales . it s the taking part that counts ! ! a special congrats to my hubby your th ironman xxx	1
last saturday u c your phbmates in cebu u c all performed some of britney u s hits ! basing on this picture u c you u ll have . . .	0
janet jackson i love u ! ! ! ! u can t wait to see u on february at the palace of auburn hills . i be the loudest one there ! ! !	1
can t wait to take pics with my bad bitch annabelle tomorrow	1
i m sure hillary kept a copy of all the original emails somewhere . where is the th thumb drive hillary ?	0
in toronto for the panamgames ? wanna party gangnam style with s of kpop fans ? see you friday night . panam	1
did the album leak ? ? ? ? sophiam are they done ? ? ? ? who even is briana ? ? ? ? the boys had their last show before the break on saturday ? ? ? ? ?	0
sheamus vs randy orton is pretty much a sunday night heat feud at this point . i mean without the heat obviously . wwebattleground	0
read my opinion ab tony blair s apology published in the friday	0
like chris evans is so hot like dude you re hotter than the sun .	1
 myfavealbums p way drive atlas ufo strangers in the night iron maiden st mach head ashes of empires ufo strangers in night	1
 apple a look at the evolution of apple s iphone apple will unveil the new iphone on wednesday . the next ipho . . .	0
i m laying in the sun listening to frank ocean and i have hot cheetos i m so good right now	1
its almost pm in japan now . .heheh . .but good morning to you too	1
carly fiorina on the nd amendment atta girl .hildogs worst nightmare	0
work tomorrow niall so that friday feeling just isn t there today . booo	2
is anyone going to go see kendrick at day for night tomorrow ? ! ?	0
boots electric jesse hughes from eagles of death metal s band added at last minute to the show tomorrow night ! thur . doors pm . 	0
blighttown may be annoying but the worst place in dark souls in my opinion was crystal cave . fuck those invisible platforms .	2
 nd we have been at war with islam for centuries . this changes nothing	2
entitled because you would be the st female president ? bs ! carly fiorina doesn t lie has more brains and no funny mouth ! !	0
 mcgithankfultogod mal the rising of the sun is not in israel . .	0
elvis presleys th death anniversary is on aug . shammi kapoor the man they often called india s elvis presley passed away on aug .	0
 march st is national bieber day ! wooohoooo ! like it ? 	1
paul dunne has played like a hero ! hope he wins tomorrow ! !	1
former florida gov . jeb bush said thursday that his chief opponent front runner donald trump is trying to insult his way to the white	2
i m not sure which is funnier the coloured vinyl reissue of mariah carey s christmas album or the fact that it s coming out in october .	0
c mon honey i m on my knees . i ll beg u as long as i have to . someone might beat u the punch if u stay angry eva .	0
bentley at the age of fake boobs amp lips amp ferrari for her th just annoys me she s famous for nothing	2
super super super excited about gay pride on the th too mf hype .	1
hey can you set up apple tv so i can watch harry potter while i get fucked up ? ladies and gentlemen may i introduce you to my roomies !	2
 newtopic brewers vs . padres monday game report ryan braun collected his th double in the first . . . brewers	0
politico republicans giddy over possible biden candidacy speculation that vice president joe biden may make . . .	1
 . . .and tgif ! ! ! what a week . . . i really dislike the st and the rd .	2
samajwadi party s parliamentary board will not meet tomorrow to decide the future course of action . next meeting no decided yet .	2
settled in . coffee in hand . docs open . on . let the morning begin friday morning work officethings cbc	1
i u ll be in berlin with and for social media week . meet us there tomorrow event smwb	0
 we may have come on different ships u c but we u re i the same boat now . mlk jr .	0
don u t want to depress rl folk but daily mail reporting k sellout for eng v fiji at twickers on sat week . broader vision or deeper pockets ?	2
i don t like this anime camera though i first saw it in the naruto fighter feels like it discourages local play for nd player	2
words cannot describe how excited i am to be seeing demi lovato tomorrow ! ! ! i m not going to cry this time .	1
got nd row tix for primus at the kirby center ! st concert tour in d with surround sound !	0
hearing a few tracks from sam smith . he may work out singing the new bond spectre song . may be a good choice for vocal .	1
think i may pop down with ba for the day to lhr at some point one sat sun . want to get a decent shot of the ira	0
it was a regular friday night and naruto sat in his office . usually it wouldn t be odd or unusual since that s his job to simply sit and 	0
nothing to do with importing muslims amp mexicans or dumbing down kids by liberals . move on .	2
congratulations to for being the first one from wv to ever be a miss teen usa st runner up ! ! ! could not be more proud ! love you	1
i told my son who was a fan of hulk hogan that it s alright to be disappointed and mad at him but down the line he deserves a nd chance .	0
ghost rider is some bullshit smh it will be back in the red box tomorrow	2
on september madonna s the immaculate collection won best long form video at the th annual mtv video . . .	1
carlo ancelotti isco is a very important player . tomorrow james rodriguez will start he rested wednesday . haalmadrid	1
re what the heck was obama doing for the st years when democrats controlled everything ? ! ! !	2
i may or may not have created an army of mini phil coulsons who are infatuated with chris evans and hate hydra . merry christmas	1
i wish i had seen your picks earlier after the day i had ! ! ! murray won so your nd pick didn t hit . gl	0
also just got dark souls to work with obs i am ready for tomorrow d	1
boko haram leader shekau says he is alive he may be lieing	0
kanye west is running for president but that may have just been the weed talking wireimage 	0
i m tweeting this for the nd time nicki needs to realize that people don t buy her music not because she isn t skinny and white 	2
may the food be with you on this star wars day starwarstheforceawakens via	1
k guys me and nat are recording tomorrow so you can listen to our covers thanks for all the follows guys we love our angels !	1
matt cain just got hooked up ! key to the city and june th is matt cain day . beatla	1
 st giroud now kane lol what a funny day toteve spurs everton	1
just got the wax flushed from my ears for janet jackson tomorrow night my body is literally ready	1
ordered from monday night didn t ship tuesday . the ninjas must have been hella busy with labor day sale orders . lol	0
when katy perry made tgif i dont think she calculated my exam being on a friday for hours 	2
the ppl on the radio today made fun of iwata passing then followed it up saying the foo fighters are better then nirvana so yea happy monday	0
celebrate the fall harvest at the flickerwood wine fest september amp in kane thingstodoinpa fallharvest	1
yes u c it is us black triangle sighting in pompano beach u c florida on october th basically it . . . aliens	0
shawn when he see a bee	0
are you guys ready for brock lesnar to return on monday night raw ? ! ? ! too bad i already wore his shirt last monday . i gotta wash it soon .	1
i dont understand the obsession with sharknado . . . . watched the first two and they sucked . im sure the rd one is just as bad .	2
david bowie makes me want to draw and draw and get lost in a whirlwind of sound and color d saturday boxingday drawing davidbowie	1
i m going to be so ready to go over to christians tomorrow after school	1
what a weird day st round leader dustin johnson is under thru and falling down the board . golf com	0
jason aldean ticket for sell . dm me if you want it . it s for saturday night	0
i think i may have gone a little heavy on the frog harry and a little light on how gay he really is but im happy with my paper	1
may nabasa aq ! i dunno if im going to believe it or not ang sabe dito nasa hell daw si pope john paul ii . .	2
ready for the new david bowie single ? ? ? ? ? blackstar album drops in january . . .	0
the people in my area are just now discovering waving flag . tomorrow we will go over chuck norris jokes for the first time .	1
i mean it was announced utd beat out rookie blue and utd and big brother were the only shows that did well last thursday !	1
jeb bush if you create encryption it makes it harder for the american government to do its job 	0
it may have been our trip to disney and the release of all the new starwars stuff but jose and i are totally in a star wars mood	1
i mean i get the hype around jlaw . i may not like her but i get her hype . i just don t understand amy schumer and her hype	2
last day of eid is feeling like sunday before monday .	0
wait i got an email that k state is having star wars day this saturday . i feel like that went poorly the last time around no ?	0
may justice be served . and for merseyside derby may the best team win fair square	1
zac brown band last night billboard music festival today and tomorrow and running a k tomorrow morning i m going to be dead on monday	1
not here in the east though . . .moon u c jupiter u c capella light up evening sky on november tonight earthsky	2
hot deal charlie rose with kofi annan edward said mort zuckerman july u c in anticipation of the upco . . .	1
shreya ghoshal will be at the flato markham theatre for a one night engagement oct . here is her picture	0
bitch i m nicki you iggy i m romans revenge you black friday i m nickis flawless you lil kim s flawless i m tink you chanel west	0
pineapples mangos for pre breakfast u c getting some work done u c then heading to the ritz carlton for sunday brunch .	1
x proud rt prepix s nd tweet rough trans like the expression style dance rap and m v too . it is awesome gd . korea s pride .	1
jennifer aniston shows she u s prada her figure at fashion bash the sun	0
remember to join the springboks at pm tomorrow at orlando stadium to watch their open training session as they . . .	0
yup . well we had a fun but small conversation but i u ll talk to you tomorrow . goodnight maria . 	1
naruto walks over to the kitchen and sat down . ramen time ! dattebayo ! he said as he began to eat .	0
you u re saying perseverance in all instances . that doesn u t mean occupyauc is equivalent to jan revolution . see the diff ?	2
kpop will psy be the first korean to win a grammy ? psy may qualify for the upcoming grammy awards . gangnam sty . . .	1
microsoft wasted my whole day today . . . but now i m on win sp v sq with rockets on it . make it simple microsoft ! also i m buying a mac .	2
my mom makes tacos every thursday and it gets gross why can t we have taco bell ? 	2
hello sweetie u c hope your enjoying your hols . found you on here through e l james u c i u m half way through nd bk after days !x	1
 tech sony s new smartwatch packs all its tech in the wristband sony s electronics division may be in a slump . . .	0
 a hot cup of coffee on a cold morning some nice country music to go gets me everytime ! wearend u c rd in the bcs !	1
 map somalia somali refugees in the region as of october un	0
wahhh i forgot the nd goal was so pretty in the final . saad to richards to kane . cryingforever	1
why no mention of the accuser waiting till aug th to reply to title request . need to play out during cfb season ? hmmm ?	0
kerry is a place for all seasons and when the sun shines it s hard to beat ! by chris o callaghan on mt brandon 	1
i think tushar gandhi should hang himself to protest against hanging of yakub .and yes it should be on th just day b th yakubdebate	2
anyone want to see knife party u c tommy trash u c kill the noise u c style of eye u c baauer destructo on oct in nyc ?	0
going to see justin bieber on th october in london	0
upper room our young adult ministry is meeting this sunday at pm the otto s . hang out with young adults . . .	0
ok lame but i want to have a niall birthday party on sunday	0
why is it u never hear . . .the so called muslim . ?it s always the st thing someone says when pointing a finger at christians . kimdavis	0
headlines the pro combine oct th amp th in ventura . sign up today !	0
the shits going to hit the fan tomorrow so . . . im probably going to throw marshall under the bus .	2
my verdict on paper towns solid . very nice simply done . may have fallen in love with nat wolff s acting more than humanly possible .	1
who s going to be our penalty taker next season ? i d go for vermalen or cazorla rd choice podolski arsenal afc	0
rt republicans says that the earthquake occurred on a fault line called obama s fault . c mon u know this . . .	2
now on sale ! mindbender tribute to the grateful dead owsley s golden road boulder co aug th pm	1
paul dunne s rd round score of is the lowest ever score by an amateur in the open ! what an achievement !	0
tired ! out for a meal in a bit day off work tomorrow . then last day on friday ! derby . . . 	0
fun fact friday the engine used in the lexus lfa . litre v is two times lighter than an ordinary lexus . . .	0
dont be on amazon prime at night . amazon prime is the new home shopping network .you mess around amp have blenders at your door on thursday .	1
nigga where you ain t gonn see nobody monday this is why lexus is my fav	0
it s davis vs gayliath . may god bring christians a just victory based on his truth not abominable lies . kimdavis	0
ira men slipped into harland and wolff shipyard and damaged the goliath crane with a lb bomb november 	2
watching the best moments of inbetweeners last night highlighted the fact that towie is full of helmets . surely im not the only one ?	1
they may laugh at rahul gandhi but the laughter is starting to sound just a wee bit artificial slowly and surely he is coming back .	1
gandhi protested successfully never once resorting to violence . people today make me sick	2
i really hope apple weighs a cup of nuts on the iphone s th generation iphone 	0
i m sad i can t watch messi and the argentina squad on tuesday 	2
it s literally th grade me s dream come true to finally see pete wentz live and in the flesh ive achieved nirvana	1
i didn t realize scott walker has a big old comb over . that picture may drop him a few points in the polls .	2
good morning and enjoy rd day of eid	1
democratic leaders see this video report the coni report find out the truth on th feb in maldives	0
why you wanna txt me on labour day and don t txt back losah ? ? ? i got an exam on monday morning	0
and eclipse the amount of wages messi gets a week ? haha . .so now who is the best neymar or messi ? mufc fcbarcelona	1
i can t even remotely believe that i m going to see sam smith in person with my own two eyes this friday .	1
scoop ! elmbridge choir performing with brit award classic boy band blake on may th at epsom playhouse ! yoohoo how cool is that !	1
kris bryant had a two out two run single in the st . cubs giants 	0
come check out the action trivia at the draft bar and grill in studio city every thursday from pm . not only . . .	0
okay sleep early tonight wake up early tomorrow and eat oreo for breakfast . there my life is all planned out .	0
i m going to stray from the path at hoosier dome in indianapolis in oct 	0
all my thoughts and prayers go out to sergei bubka jr . who fell from the rd floor apartment in paris .	2
wishhhhh i was going to jason aldean tomorrow	1
just listened to black friday kendrick just dumped a truckload of bars onto that beat boy went hard !	1
fact if kendrick made a song about crapping it would be x more influential than a future song about slavery	0
this is the gratitude journal in the mail on sunday . . .right next to katy perry and giselle bundchen . what an . . .	0
your helicopter may be wicked u c but your billy crystal is gonna be the going bgreat	0
jeb bush will unveil his tax plan in garner on wednesday . claims it will create mil new jobs . abc eyewitness ncga ncgov	0
tomorrow my diamond dogs limited edition ps and mgs v arrive . sadly a day later than it should be c	0
we all know why floyd mayweather has picked andre berto to fight on sep . it would be poetic justice if berto got the w ! mayweatherberto	0
today july th u is milk chocolate day . bring it on . milkchocolateday	1
brock lesnar going to kick undertakers ass tomorrow suplexcity nxttakeover	1
we have a request to play girls gone wild at the party tomorrow !	0
do ya wanna go to trek at lcc this friday with me	0
tomorrow venus will transit the sun for the last time for the next forecast weatherbomb 	0
remember our screening with members from invisible children is this wednesday september th from to pm at culler hall for free !	0
when i hear the words monday night football i still think frank gifford . thank you for sharing his testimony on the air !	1
and to the girls in front of us that sat down and played temple run the whole time u c why did you even come ? confused	2
just like they say it in the sun until the dawn lets marvin gay and get it on	0
stoops says one of his players will miss st half vs lsu self imposed penalty for what he calls selfishness on the field . no name given	0
friday could turn out to be a big day in the case of george zimmerman u c who is accused of murdering trayvon marti . . .	0
may th . save the date . we are going to soundset . noexcuses	0
 starts watching keeping up with the kardashians nd episode and kris jenner hires bree olson the pornstar as their nanny done 	0
dublin go onto play kerry in the all ireland football final on sept th	0
i u m going to be at your santos party house this saturday for the weird by weird standards party . stop by and we u ll rage ! !	1
new music monday on today s show features blake shelton gonna tim mcgraw top of the world and jason aldean . . .	0
vice president yemi osinbajo on thursday alleged that members of the boko haram sect have concluded plans to bomb . . .	2
seeing chris brown kid ink omarion fetty wap young thug the migos august alsina amp lil kim tonight was the best	1
only shiite only in iran . the rest of muslim world enjoy ashura porridge for st muharram	2
did you know ? in president reagan made july national ice cream month amp established national ice cream day the rd sunday in the month !	0
i comeposed my first twat on september th so technically iv had a twitter for a long time then forgot about it . . good to be back	1
nooooooooo just seen the fa cup rd round is the day i go skiing peak	0
if he can play then i hope he plays against barca on the th	0
congress may declare yakub as a martyr and declare him as junior father of the nation !	0
what a perfect day for a wedding workshop ! the idea was born at wppi in feb . . .and not only is it finally here it . . .	1
is true that you will give two concerts in mexico city on october please tell me because not enough tickets te amo	1
we are teaching kids that it s ok for guys to be in touch with their feminine side . . .and that caitlyn jenner may be a cow . . .	2
miley cyrus trashes taylor swift what a bad role model ! taylor swift may have written bad blood about ka . . .	2
daily zap april rd daily zap april rd check out a whip around the league for all the highlights from ton . . .	0
blood moon blood moons the sun shall be turned into darkness and the moon into blood before the great and the t	0
earliest possible date for amanda knox appeal verdict sept per court schedule just released . final arguments begin sept 	0
hey mick ! do you know what time you u ll be signing in indianapolis on the th ?	0
sounds good . so would queen s birthday holiday and labour day holidays then be on the following tuesday ? it s only fair	1
happy single awareness day at official forever alone day february 	1
novel banned in nz because of complaints from christians . what better marketing can you wish for for your novel ? d	0
snow may fall for parts of cny the next few days . find out where the best chances will be at am on tv online 	0
see ya on rock on thursday they just announced it during the gb hou game ! 	0
omgosh ! hillary still using her deceased mom as a prop to save herself from her own lies . may she rip .	2
just watched my movie u c contraband ! look me in the movies the bay and flight in theaters on demand on nov ! contraband thebay flight	0
way did sheamus in monday night raw wanted to cash in the money in the bank after he did a big boot to seth rollins ?	0
sinead o connor calls out rolling stone for putting kim kardashian on the cover minneapolis sun times	0
what u want from muslims oh kaffir may allah azza wa jall destroy you for your enmity towards muslims .	2
i m going to nekromantix at reverb in reading pa jul 	0
regarding his twitter hulk hogan is not doing himself any favors by saying anything w o running it through a good p .r . team and lawyer st .	2
 the man who won the sugar bowl may have just won the backyard brawl goblue beatstate hailtothevictors puremichigan	0
sunday only dj linds spins the latest in fleetwood mac hits at pressy lake s hottest club picken s roost ! kayak bottle service available .	1
wondering what you made of st episode of jimmy mcgovern s nd series of accused ? in my view sean bean good but stephen graham excellent .	1
bobby jindal just proved he is not worthy of running for president of usa he cancelled planned parentood in la .	2
my year old father knew rousey s fight date before me . knew it was november but not date . he chimes in oh yeah she fights nov 	1
i want june after johnny cash u s wife and harrison after george harrison from the beatles !	0
juventus midfielder paul pogba is ready to snub chelsea and wait for a mega deal at the end of the season . the sun juventus cfc	0
rt heading back to chesterfield for a job tomorrow after an intense amazing few days in derby with the lad . . .	1
that sucks u c amazon might have some left . . hate that i won u t have it until am on tuesday though	2
zionism has made israel one big prison . they don t realize they are the architects of their own demise .	2
i love the remote play . i ve been playing until dawn i the bed with the ps upstairs . so great . i may buy another vita tv also	1
charlie rose with bill joy daniel barenboim march bill joy chief scientist at sun microsystems di . . .	0
we saw magic mike xxl on a tuesday night after eating vietnamese sandwiches and gossiping about comics things !	1
next friday i ll be in milan having breakfast ant talking about illustration time and creativity . see you at . . .	0
sportsnation just wont let jeremy evans dunkface go . this is the rd time ive seen it all week . still funny though	1
 boxing movie man mayweather lashes critics floyd mayweather said wednesday that he is more likely to end up . . .	0
also if they were gonna break up why didn t they just do so in march when zayn left wheres the logic	0
diversification is a good thing but buying gold bullion to put in your ira may be taking it too far . . .	0
starting tomorrow i ll go through tim s drive through everyday ask for a candy cane hot chocolate until the day they finally give me one .	0
during those years u c iowa u s winning percentage among teams from the bcs leagues plus strong independents ranks th th on the whole 	0
ufo sighting black triangle sighting in perryton u c texas on august th dark triangle shape across the sk . . .	0
wait did taylor bring nicki on stage when she won on sunday ? i didn t think so . . .	0
incredible pass from vick to kyle williams . williams out jumps carr in the end zone u c in nd .	1
 ps launch games wed love to see . these are our hopes dreams sony u c be gentle with them opm a new . . . postters	1
what sparks your interest ? learning wordpress ? finding out things you may not have known about islam and muslims ? . . .	0
harry amp danielle s birthday and briana s due date are the all in the same week rip me in february	0
will the so cal earthquake hit already so it doesn t hit during summerslam or next weeks monday night raw earthquake	0
watched the nd part of crossfire hurricane last night . that means some goats head soup for in the car this morning !	0
espanyol vs barcelona on september mins with barca scoring a pen in the last minute to win	1
turkey to pull troops from iraq turkey announced saturday it would withdraw its troops from ira . . . ff gospelgee	0
o o well un fortunately you ll prob need at least one of those if you come to london in late oct . !	2
did you know that frank gifford was trending topic on sunday for hours in calgary ? trndnl	0
to follow up on last tweet u c bills dt kyle williams expected to play sunday . just resting the ankle during the week .	0
heavy rain over parts of ne . some showers in cny . any sun ? how about the weekend ? your forecast first at am on nbc !	0
a podcast tv show of interest to you may be they report on xians jews muslims etc . they re very fair .	0
thursday probably listens to iron maiden and smokes cigars because he s super hardcore	0
seeing big green tractor be performed by jason aldean tonight threw it back to th grade homeroom with	1
tomorrow then announces that alonso is going to ferrari and vettel signing ? greetings .	1
just found out i m graduating may th at the comcast center	1
just only for true liverpudlian download this song on itunes idr . . keep it on st in xmas chart ! ipho	1
nov at the san siro . i pray we would u ve gotten back our rhythm before then or we u ll get embarrased .	0
saving my hopes and jeb bush is a crush on someone says make the nd amendment is a guy .	0
it would be a strategic mistake of the st order tsipras let alone a genuine anti austerity politician to seek and maintain a leading . .	2
sting defeat the . . . on to fullarton tomorrow night to face the	0
safe mode with networking no internet i am troubleshooting a bsod in windows and may come back later with m . . .	0
 apple to unveil iphone s ipad today . for the first time they are releasing on wednesday . all their earlier releases were on a tuesday .	1
but idk if u wanna say that bad blood promote violence n stuff why do ppl make toy gun for kids in the st place ?	2
my dad just told me he really wants to go see final destination on friday . wow . . wasntexpectingthat	1
it s looking possible that caitlyn jenner may be charged with manslaughter . serious question does she go to a male or female prison ? ?	2
wanted to say that you re my beautiful little idiot you may be as funny as harry but it s cute . p .s niall loves his princess 	1
my biggest dilemma i drafted aaron rodgers then as a joke in the th rd i got tom brady who do i start ?	0
youtube improves upload process with optional notifications and new tags editor google on thursday announced th . . .	0
you may have heard threshold s media comments about banks seeking rent directly from tenants . please contact us for advice if it affects you	0
messi will now attempt to break telmo zarra s record on november when barcelona face sevilla at the camp nou	1
we still got the likes of rooney u c rvp u c ferdy u c valencia u c scholes u c young u c evra and carrick fresh ready for you gunners on saturday . bring it .	0
would you adam amp eve it sun out morning after they ve cancelled great yorkshire show harrogate	0
back to work back to watching ted for about the th time now cause i like laughing	1
u just duped that kid . prince george isn t nd in line william is . prince charles is st	2
guess i m going to knott s scary farm on wednesday	0
haven t seen tfi friday before but it s hosted by noel fielding and chris evans the shit english one so i want it off television soon	2
rt sanchez didn t know plax would sneak in for a play yesterday . i wish i would have hit him he said . got pressured by d nyj	2
nba predictions champs mia runner up lal mvp lebron th man ginobli rookie of the year davis most improved paul george	1
don u t forget mitch daniels is going to be on steven colbert u s show thursday . think this will come up as a topic ?	0
 otd october fire destroyed a large part of the houses of parliament in london .	0
the name s smith sam smith . the songsmith s just been confirmed as the spectre singer hear his bond song writing s on the wall sept 	1
erdogan says he isn t running for election and then adds on nov st we will vote for stability or not .	0
looking forward to playing w sf contemporary music players tomorrow at yerba buena center for the arts ! what a fantastic group of musicians !	1
 ryan braun appeared on monday at the th place in the top of milwaukee s trends trndnl	0
this thursday u c destructo u c creator of holy ship u c comes to ignition at firestone live ! surrender your booty u c it u s . . .	0
tried dunkin s oreo iced coffee amp it s not as good as it could be . then again i may have too high of hopes for cookie flavored coffee .	2
to an extent bnp but if you don t have a variety of political parties although i may disagree with them you have a	2
make sure to leave the dunkin at home tomorrow don t want sharpe to snap on you again	0
premium version of the ipad may be in the works	0
abc ricky ponting and luke butterworth made wednesday a tough day at the office for south australia in their sh . . .	2
apparently it s national ice cream day . i didn t get the memo . sorry . i ll get us some tomorrow .	0
steelers will travel to new york on sunday for giants game the pittsburgh steelers face the new york giants on . . .	0
martin jones jones will get the start tuesday against the bruins curtis nhl sj	0
putin is baiting you he waits for the first week of new admin b he starts mayhem chaos . rd most dangerous person behind iran and potty	2
prince george tells everyone he s years old duchess kate revealed sunday that her son says he s older t . . .	0
yesterday i understood the true meaning of pancake day february	0
t mobile cracking the whip on unlimited g lte data abusers t mobile starting tomorrow will be going after t . . .	2
i m headed to the oct crab feast at jimmy s in dundalk md with new generation ministries at the metroplex with . . .	0
unfortunately u c i am wathcing all manifestation related to republic day and i just see that we are really far away st . century . 	2
the snap election will be on september while the opposition groups such as lafazanis led popular unity or nd accused tsipras	1
you re going to miss me singing a frank ocean this friday if you do something other than this 	1
price stifles halos as blue jays gain in races david price shut down the angels for eight innings on friday n . . .	0
finished filling out the fafsa for this scholarship application . hopefully it u s processed before november u c u cause i need it by then .	1
yakub s hanging may have created a fear in the minds of the terrorists but it hasn t created any difference in our country	2
sucks that i left warners after they sign one of the hottest uk artists can t wait to see her live in march ! liannerocks	1
another saturday at the office ! leaving soon though it u s cold in here ! kinder morgan former el paso corp . 	0
not with unlv u c but my first game for team nevada is november th u c as long as california doesn u t cancel .	0
woohoo ! rt my homie moves to alabama tomorrow can t wait for her to meet the rodomontade gang	1
c mon game don t do that chris brown is a lil boy you gon hurt him . over karrueche ? nah man	2
published on aug vice president joe biden met with senator elizabeth warren to discuss his potential run . . .	0
new haven and bentley will also face off next friday night as both teams looks for their first win of the season . ne 	0
omg i m literally seeing ed sheeran with some of my best friends tomorrow i m so excited	1
people are photoshopping pictures of chris evans to make his waist look smaller ? c mon that s just as gross as when it s done to women	0
i was all in on sharknado . never brought myself to watch . if anyone is watching instead of gold cup tonight i may throw a shark at you .	0
i have lawn seat for sale to jason aldean friday night if you re interested message me !	0
it u s our th birthday ! ! ! ! ! reggie your the best partner ever ! ! ! ! we would like to thank all of our brides who . . .	1
new rule if you don t like christians you have to work christmas and easter .	2
not sure how to feel about kendrick s sons coming up . inspiration is beautiful but c mon fammm .	1
is it true that iron maiden is touring in guatemala on march ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?	1
 u on a sunny sunday afternoon u c it could be quite magical . u designer reveals plans for olympic park via	0
monday mornings with cate blanchett sure don t suck . jw marriott essex house new york	1
maybe john cena will win the two titles at raw tomorrow ?	0
dup sabre rattling in stormont before going into talks tomorrow amp willing to impose tory cuts on the electorate .	0
so this saturday u c fort canning with sweetheart okay can ! yay ! !	1
moomba with the boys on a friday night ! ! first friday since forever ! last moomba before leaving ! ! leggoo bwoy	0
kanye kim as batman and catwoman may be the hottest thing ive ever seen jeal bestcelebcouple	1
walker take chinese leaders to the woodshed wisconsin gov . scott walker said friday that chi . . . muhamadjabal	0
so who s going to jason aldean tomorrow raise ur hands	0
big brother ends and survivor begins on one of my best friends st birthday . . . .ima be a little late to the festivities	1
bayer leverkusen are winning at bayern munich the apocalypse starts tomorrow	0
excuse me but when did the march ended ? i still rememberyself laughing when zayn left i want the old days back	0
gucci multitude jivatma desire january rehearse in extenso the bifurcated thine denominative gangway practice . . .	0
good luck to my cousin on hspa tomorrow praying for you mary . i know you can do it ! ! ! ! !	1
hey john i m the guy from rsa and i just wanna wish you a great match with seth rollins on sunday at summerslam and i hope you ll beat him	1
rip jordan farmar nba career . from being the th overall pick x nba champ to the nets to it s final resting place in istanbul .	0
the voting rights act turns on thursday . a funny thing happened on the way to post racial nirvana at the polls .	0
mondays are not the same when you don t have teen wolf to look foward to on monday nights 	2
i don t want it to be but it may be austin . obviously prefer zlatan muller lewandowski etc mufc	0
 o rt kung fu panda in d d both with indonesian subtitles tentatively scheduled to open on tues august isk	0
 . . . mumbai u a u against england in the visitors u nd practice game from november to . mumbai u a u to be led by suryakumar yadav and	0
sad to say knutsfordlitfest nearly at an end . fantastic event last night with michael portillo . last event tomorrow with charles dickens .	0
play fair ben howland . . .sean miller may be tough to keep up with cleanly but lets all be gentlemen here	1
forget the yankees . . brock lesnar in the ring on monday night raw ! days to summer slam !	1
gutted about bellamy and smith but we signed fulham player on loan until december nd and seen him on youtube he looks good	1
it will be at am in the morning in milan want some company ?	0
my girlfriend is a prime case . has gotten big into u lately but didnt know the words to gloria party girl electric co october	0
this is so wrong u c david ! but here in brazil you already got the x factor ! dont worry u c brazilian boy c u mon !	2
and now i do see it u s up . i u ll blame it on a case of the mondays . creighton picked to win wbb u c siu picked to finish th ahead of drake u c ue	2
nirvana and whiskey it s a wednesday night get wit me	1
i like scorpions guns ac dc i downloaded u playing yesterday cause c mon it s beatles	1
rt steve jobs biography may be available in time for the ipad 	0
i just found out sharknado comes out tomorrow night . i m beyond excited	1
i would still vote for enrile . old as he may be u c he makes me feel that our law is sweet as it may be sour .	1
i find it s hilarious . directioners use i mean taylor song and anything related with the mv to celebrate zayn s nd bday .	0
omg naruto ! im hoping fma has to be . oh myyyyyy im so excited ! mine s been in aus since the wednesday hope i get it today !	1
price may have laid out fraundley harrison out pretty bad and easily u c but still both klitschko brother wipe the floor with him . boxing	2
i u ll be playing mitd tonight around pm est . open lobby will most likely be tomorrow evening . keep an eye on youtube twitter .	1
that is an excellent suggestion i ll bring it to the other eds . am i right in thinking iwd is march th ?	1
the heat played with the celtics and lebron didn t play none the th id rather lose to the celtics than mavs w o dirk and trailblazzers	2
does anyone want a foo fighters ticket for saturday at milton keynes bowl ?	0
 what s st thing you re going to do for economy justin call premiers meeting to go to paris to fight global warming omg	0
father s day is just commercial of course but the british version of mothering sunday goes back centuries and it marks the . . .	0
dunno about tinder style . sony had a thing called u that sat on top of i think . looks dead now though	0
kendrick lamar got grammy nominations and got a piping hot chocolate . tomorrow s first bell trivia will be about movies .	0
if you did not vote ukip in may then you are a major part of the illegal immigrant problem and no part at all of the solution . . . . .	2
big ben had the best rookie year out of all those quarterbacks and when he one his nd super bowl had a terrible line	2
auburn will square off with ucf u c texas a m u c ohio st u c lsu u c tennessee u c texas tech and houston in the women u s finals of the x at on fri	0
estimated of muslims in britain r islamists not many u may think but there r about muslims in britain .that s islamists	2
sept webinar collaborate confidently with customers using ibm connections files cloud .	1
economic timeswashing hands will keep the doctor awaydawn .comislamabad u c oct the world bank u s strategic environmental assessment r . . .	0
start your weekend with a roar at special imax showings of jurassic park opening tomorrow night !	1
who u s going to the pottstown football game friday ?	0
the ceo of ibm may think someone is an idiot but he can t say it .	2
hey just to let you know we have tickets for florence amp kendrick with no booking fees 	0
well yeah that s third parties . sony itself isn t putting out actual games for it . it s got yrs of rd party support left .	0
insomniac was the first green day album i heard . . . ? i think . i was in th grade . . .	0
dustin johnson was in the final group sunday shot and today he and jim furyk are paired games before the final group	1
apr ?s le bacc i m going to work in usaid and unicef that s for sure !	1
yes i want to win freetixfridays to see david price amp the bluejays play cleveland monday in toronto ! tickets cometogether	1
im in ireland at the mo bro got your text im back tuesday meet wed maybe ?	0
people not wearing pink tomorrow is gonna be like not wearing green on st . patrick s day youregettingpinched orpunched	2
she u s alright u c she u ll win the brit award for best female if she breaks wind between now and may .	1
thanks to kim i are going to the rascal flatts concert tonight ! thank you tampa bay s best country ! ! !	1
hi when will you have show times for jurassic world d ? excited about aug th !	1
looks like ant man is gonna hit for the nd straight weekend . not to mention also pass the million mark . not too shabby . . . . . . . .	1
i want to see ed sheeran tomorrow but i can t	2
friday is going to be john cena appreciation day . show your love for the great one by wearing jean shorts . rt to spread awareness	1
remember this when you watch the news stories about nicki tomorrow morning .	0
i u ll let killing joke deal with my sunday night blues instead . that u s dave grohl on drums too .	0
tony blair also won labour leadership with a landslide yet jc still became a constant critic and serial rebel	0
billy gillispie is awful . nothing s worse than him being your coach . unless it s losing to him in the nd round of the ncaa tournament .	2
so glad that the classical brit awards are on itv on sunday have set the record button just in case i forget to watch .	1
sucks for all the people who actually wanted to see frank ocean hahahaha .	2
i was at eid in the park an event hosted by the ark from glasgow on sunday . fantastic day thanks to all involved !	1
i hope you are touring with tt oct th in milan seen the show times in the uk and you were awesome chick . .	1
pogues celebrate their th anniversary tour with a one off uk live date at london o arena u c thursday december 	1
huffingtonpost tomorrow venus u c jupiter u c and the moon will align for a brilliant night show	1
your were awesome frank gifford monday night football isn t the same	1
scott walker need to secure the border enforce laws before talking about birthright citizenship via	0
thanks mike ! although you can t really beat great big beautiful tomorrow 	1
it s been a long wait but this is the last sunday without football until valentine s day ! we re in it for the long haul football nfl	1
thank you thor ! i hope your friday is amazing .	1
bryce harper has reached base twice in the series . david wright reached base twice in the th inning tonight .	0
scoreless st frame for salem and potomac . the nats s with a single the red sox with a walk . top nd .	0
bloodbeast returns to the stage with killatoria and new act predomination . join them this friday at black dahlia . . . .	0
let the red sox have their fun today like the o s did friday win the next two and go into nyy in first place .	1
very strong hold especially given ukip s showing in the barnsley seats in may .	1
doctor who is like the nd series next to naruto to hit me in the feels so hard . omg .	1
rt happy nd birthday zayn ! i love you and i hope you have a . . . 	1
if apple is upgrading the camera on the iphone s models i seriously may upgrade . . . amp my phone isn t even yr old yet ! photographyproblems .	1
i m starting to think he is for gay marriage . he wouldn t stand with kim davis . i may stop my support	2
rousey is going to destroy again . waiting for her to finally fight cyborg . i think cm punk may end up fighting cathal pendred .	0
so june th is the day . this is gonna be worse the the galaxy foams	2
bears suffer a loss at sdsu tonight next up no . ucla on sunday in los angeles gobears	2
indiana men u s st basketball game tonight ! ! ! lets go hooisers ! ! ! indianamensbasetball game love	1
good luck sylvain with your media debut today and even more luck for the season and the game against spurs . comeonyoublues	1
laying out in the sun with eric church and the lake in the background perfection carolina laborday	1
and i m glad you re feeling much better . you re still very pale though ! a little sun . . . kurt cobain 	1
starting now saturday nights main event hulk hogan defends the wwe world series alone i would you have taken in the bit about ten deep f	0
taeyeon is leading st for best ost with of votes while jonghyun with votes . keep voting for taeyeon mama now	1
the rolling stone says he smokes an early morning joint regularly keith richards may have quit cocaine nearly a . . .	0
just noticed you using the spanish abbreviation no sure u c no ? think you u re missing rafa u c mon brave	2
what if homu homu s power was the same as tom cruise from edge of tomorrow where she had to die before walking up in the past .	1
it s sunday night . everybody s lamenting work . so let s live it up one last time this weekend with the bee gees !	1
 theopen paul dunne a co leader with hile in r on july at the old course in st andrews scotland play in progress	0
dawn from goshen is excited to take her son daniel to the wwe holiday show at us bank arena on december . she . . .	1
scott walker convinced canadian wall will shade his bald spot from the hot northern sun .	0
sunday during the q amp a segment of the miss usa pageant miss texas ylianna guerra made such an unapologetically . . .	0
hi donny how are you i just want to say you was amazing on last saturday night . xx can you follow me	1
the new iphone gets announced today . . . that s really all that matters happy wednesday every 	1
they re wrong for kick the effect was there till thurs cause eid fell on tue !this time eid on sat so effect over by mon	0
sept good jay z drops the best rap album of the decade the blueprint bad world trade center gets destroyed mindblown	1
gucci multitude number one gall may demonstrate the dyadic thine solipsistic far out accidental so as to aye a . . .	0
missing hooters u cmy husband u cmy life u cmy photoshoot tomorrow u cguess i u m gonna drink this bottle of wine with a xanax and pass the fuck out . bye	2
 housemusic fun jason vernau live set nightclub miami february th jason vernau is back with some . . .	0
never watched so i don t have any favs . . but i do predict hulk hogan will be going home	0
 rangers have placed josh hamilton on the day dl retroactive to august .	0
schedule for tomorrow is further proof that is the greatest organization ever . white house here we come ! womeninpolitics	1
super round from paul dunne ! exciting day ahead tomorrow ! theopen	1
cate blanchett to be honored at the th palm springs international film festival two time academy award winn . . .	1
new iron maiden video capture my children gaming history . have alook at this video earl robinson i think you may . . .	1
bruhhhh my birthdays saturday but i work all day but after that ill be gucci . its beeen entirely way too long man	0
i ll be indy sunday night of zac brown band concert ! but we need to plan a get together with everyone soon	1
 birthday cake is gonna be the song leading us into th quarter u c count it .	1
 who wants to go to a a ap rocky concert with me on the th or th ? ! ? ! ? you don u t have a choice on who you taking we going !	0
wednesday s matchup will be fun now with david price vs colby lewis	1
nirvana all apologies radiobaro in the sun . . .	0
you just askin the wrong folks . equalizer is a must tomorrow since i m off	1
my iphone wants to break . . . well it s about time . isn t apples event tomorrow ?	0
expecting to see frank ocean on saturday and you get an email saying he s not coming but kanye is . okay . bittersweet	0
can t wait until the dlc for me comes out tomorrow . 	1
seeing ed sheeran on thursday means i have to miss the big brother live eviction episode . the struggle .	0
yeah bro ! girls gone wild is hosting a party friday hahahah . make sure your in shape before bootcamp u c otherwise it will suck .	0
see what we just published at mma rants today anderson silva made the most disturbing burger king comme	0
happy th birthday to my best friend and big brother i love you 	1
fake democrats lose in wisconsin primary recalls all six fake democrats lost to democrats supported by the party in primaries tuesday that	2
views isn t coming out on the th lol . frank ocean taught you 	0
stroke damage helps smokers quit a brain region called the insular cortex may drive smoking addiction . . . bbc 	0
hulk hogan polling nd place in republican primary hulk hogan may have lost his job at the wwe bu . . . fukushima	0
have no one to blame in the home opener loss to the pacers except themselves . lots of bad shots in the th ! toronto raptors	2
mom i m going to christina s party after work on saturday mom okay you have fun i ll be at a sharknado party ? ? old people	0
happy birthday to from israel ! may you live to with good health and great wisdom !	1
i just heard that carly fiorina may not make the cnn debate because of old polling they use ! ! ! now this is the . . .	2
really really good ian u c skyfall tonight u c jack white tomorrow man u away saturday u c can u t be bad . how are you ?	1
michigan basketball team to appear on espn s college gameday on feb . at indiana trey burke and the michigan . . .	0
seven penny stocks on the move with heavy volume april 	0
harris english may be playing some incredible golf at the moment u c but the ap still labels his photos as zach johnson . 	1
he lives in the middle east so he s not gonna be on xbox again until like tomorrow morning	0
kanye west may be a lot of things but he s not a liar . he can t do anymore damage than the presidents before him did .	0
frank was the anchorman . i have already missed frank gifford for a long time . i feel more sorrow about it now .	2
the sit down with peyton was gr . .he opens up alot . tune in sunday on the nfl today on cbs .	1
there are four other posts on this timeline that equate muslims with terrorists . . .since august rd .	2
on sunday come to jason vernau say travis u s list at the door for free entry pm midnight or reduced midnight am	0
i think bobby jindal will surprise a lot of people at the early debate on thursday . he isn t getting any attention . tcot	0
don u t forget fca won u t meet tomorrow morning . we will just meet after the football game on the field with sahs fca . dontmissit freepizza	1
kurt cobain solo album given november release date the soundtrack for the kurt cobain biopic montage of heck . . .	1
kiryu made an appearance in sega s binary domain . . . i may have to play the game now . . .	1
to me zayn vs neville last december was the definitive wrestling match after tonight it s bailey vs sasha . high spots false finishes . .	1
 pacers extend their biggest lead of the game with a paul george jumper . up pts u c u c with left st half !	1
wickedness man infects two kids with hiv a year old man terkura iorpuu was on thursday arraigned bef . . .	0
not everyone has the same image of sexy . there are plenty of men out there who may think i u m built like ray lewis wit a weave . oh well . . .	1
although they may have sounded good at shows nirvana makes the list of over rated live bands .	0
c mon feed conor mcgregor to mcgregor talked his way into a title shot frankie earned it .	0
classic sun is shining by bob marley . tell me you can t get chill with that . since before you were born girl !	1
having a day off today yesterday went absolutely terribly and i was at foo fighters last night so will be back tomorrow . enjoy your sunday s	2
 wwe monday night raw results jon stewart on why he attacked john cena	0
np let s go harris fr all watched some live performers in eko hotel last friday . alway feed with energy . ooohhhh	0
josh hamilton s th home run of the season a two run homer provided the texas rangers with all the support they needed to win . mlb	1
before you met me .i was all right but things .were kinda heavy .you brought me to life .now every february .you ll be my valentine valentine .	1
would lie in the sun and listen to frank ocean forever .	1
imma check it out then wait till the carter iv drop on the th before i make a decision like that one lol	0
real madrid away printings are now available print any name you want on your away or rd jersey now	0
i fear the internet may end the day frank ocean finally up amp releases this album	2
she looks nice ! it says she loves sleeping in on saturdays college fb games not acting her age and good bbq mar that s eric church . . 	1
how you feel about these new kendrick lamar and j . cole black friday tracks ?	0
abi ! na wetin be result of the super eagles against tanzania today under new coach sunday oliseh ?	0
rt my tampa bay bucs gone crush the sorry ass phins tonight	2
why horrible why does the rugby world cup have to be here in october ? i m gonna be battling my bday soul punk and people running in circles	2
 rangers tweets rangers trail entering the nd . due up adrian beltre josh hamilton mlb	0
starting work on fashion star tomorrow ! my couch is really going to miss me . i got myself a treat to celebrate 	1
you know gaga was cackling as she made her th sacrificial offering of the day while nicki called out miley last night	0
join us at the donkey show at adrienne arsht center for the performing arts this friday ! save off tickets to . . .	0
sarah from interviewed bradley for national ice cream day . catch the segment friday ch to see . . .	1
i ve just been told that i m the perfect combination of marilyn munster and wednesday adams . halloween 	1
when i saw tiger woods shoot a on the th hole yesterday i feel like . . .i play just like woods !	0
zlatan and wayne welcome to chicago . smile for the camera wednesday night at soldier field .	1
i think the expectations are so low in avatar land it may be a sleeper . star wars land is going to be tough to do right .	1
blue jays beat red sox with a huge rally in the second half of the game back in june . that s the best one i remember .	1
annoyingly when you search sufism what appears are concerts of sema which may not even have anything to do with islam .hais .	0
waiting for the nd post credit stinger for ant man alone in the cinema is probably the nerdiest thing i ve ever done .	0
may allah forgive the souls of all the people killed in various senseless bombings by boko haram during ramadhan and beyond including gombe	0
if the two new phones look mighty similar it may be because the galaxy note shares the same design legacy as the galaxy s denison says .	1
all i want for my birthday is a tweet from niall or louis .on the . th	0
there s a little less than a month left of baseball i see no reason why the red sox can t get the nd wildcard	1
i m just sat in my room listening to big brother downstairs . not doing anything really just listening to the telly . what is life .	0
 mlbroundtrip is live with and discussing the mets in st place david price and taking your calls at 	0
new harry and liam on stage at metlife tonight ! august 	1
j .cole and kendrick lamar s collaboration album drops february th . will it be the best album of the decade ?	1
kyle will clown qb systems for dayzz when byu does it for games but he may have backed himself into that corner cawcaw	2
if kanye west runs for president with a bit of luck he may just get assassinated wecanonlyhope letuspray	2
 extra tickets that need to be gone for kenny and jason aldean at gillette for friday the th . . let me know if you or anybody wants them	0
first time going to disney world tomorrow . woop woop 	1
can no one else but me bring potato salad to tom cruise s labor day bbq tomorrow ? tom doesn t want too much . thanks twitter .	0
ending a day dancing to the pointer sisters on jefferson street in celebration of creative alliance s th . . .	1
 sportshalloweencostume what about tony romo on sunday u s game against the giants ? !	0
a new favorite jason vernau live surfcomber march th miami wmc pool party with robbie rivera friends	1
just days left for the e ! red carpet live jewelry fashion show !saturday u c november . rsvp seating is limited ! . . .	0
inside amy schumer is scorching its merry way back onto in the new year . s begins on jan at pm . s still on demand . 	1
thank you to my baby for men that are willing to risk their lifes for us happy veteran day ! ! may god bless you guys	1
caitlyn jenner may face manslaughter charges good get that experiment out of here i m sick of looking at it	2
q . eli manning pass intended for victor cruz intercepted by danny mccray at the dallas returned for no gain . st .	0
i used to know you when we were young you were in all my dreams we sat together in period one katy perry	0
konta has started well at least on her own serve . murray has a big moment at in the rd down sets . usopen	1
only thing that is guaranteed of tomorrow is the finishing off of any christians left in the m .e . . .hazel wallah you re giving	0
how did dylan quirk not make the vic s . he kept to james pattinson darren pattinson and peter siddle in a st grade grand final at .	2
lmao i sat here for five minutes like what the fuck did i do to courtney ? ? ? ? ha damn . . . . . . . . 	2
nice one phil big nose on soccer sat telling everyone you said mersey derby better than manc one loadofbollocks	1
same reason you say thursday even though you don t believe in thor .	0
ru showing the all blacks v tonga game friday nite ? with the sound up ? definitely not showing the league right ? rwc 	2
rita oras on xfactor on sunday which means she u ll sing shine ya light which i love which makes me happy ! 	1
i m watching the movie friday on a friday and i m going to see ice cube next friday	1
pool party stories dana white treats both teams to some fun in the sun	1
exo b st fans u c do follow there may be some otps you ship alot there ! 	1
t minus minutes ! c mon apple gimme something good to obsess about and sell my body for	1
have we all seen the new belstaff david beckham harvey keitel fashion film trailer ? cheers up a dreary monday !	1
just got back home . tired . hopefully i can u walkkkkkk u for world walking day tomorrow . see you at putrajaya 	1
awww man great yorkshire show has got cancelled . what are we going to do tomorrow now ?	2
interested in amp alisonuttley ? i ll be talking about both this saturday in chelsea .	1
gym tonight dependent on how erm . . . fresh my kit is . otherwise its a pilgrimage to bolton first or saturday morning . feeling good .	1
auburn just wrapped up saturday practice interviews beginning shortly .	0
 bbcsportsday c mon guys what about lfc away win at fc gomel in belarus ? i was there i m sure we won !	1
boehner rejects th invites obama on th nfl opening night . so obama just has to speak wh on th to save football coverage ? doitnow	0
oh ok u c my husband love going to the valley u c his b day n jan . sounds good to me	1
any one want two jason aldean tickets for september th ? text or dm me	0
good luck and have fun ! i m think about ya ll in dallas today . fight alzheimers	1
cloudy in the valley u c good luck on your nd day of classes ! ! see you in the emerald city isat 	1
not sure if i want the next few days to speed up for foo fighters or slow down because i am off work until monday . conflicted .	2
still two tickets available for zac brown band on saturday ! ! let me if you re interested	1
here we had long weekend due to eid and it felt bad to go back to work after days	0
anonymous asked you you remind me of wednesday adams .	0
why is stone cold on the cover of wwe k ? he s hardly ever on anymore . seth rollins would be better . this may declare a no buy for me !	2
that s funny . i thought tony blair did a deal with ira sinn fein on good friday !	1
gucci bags motive force brass july end the dyad yours express mutual regard coda till well inclined care ngkrbizbr	0
this one will finish dark souls while awaiting april th . . . also a lot of skooma to pass the time .	1
former cruz azul player in the legendary s team and mexican international nacho flores gunned down last night outside mexico city .	0
sad news ! people shot drowned in yobe river by boko haram gunmen . may allah curse the haramist wherever they re	2
demi lovato will perform at the houston rodeo on march rd ! ! get your tickets !	1
dont miss this tomorrow superstars ink on w its st guess the wwe amp us champ seth rollins	1
thank you to make hollande come here after obama snubbed charlie hebdo march and paris is a national embarrassment	2
loving the sun this weekend went to lechlade for a picnic with hollie yesterday and will soon be heading over her mum s for a bbq 	1
allahu akbar ! happy eid ! may every year find you in good health . eidmubarak	1
tomorrow u s goal do my hair like amy lee u s on the my immortal music video 	0
i m short and was wearing jeans and a grey nirvana shirt lol . but i saw you with taylor before th	0
hillary s team if she can only fake sincerity we ll have it made . 	0
ken pom analyzes ncaa bball stats rates purdue th overall and th in the big ten rosier forecast than other polls	0
lol not you silly . i m having eid at my house this saturday and i wish you could come !	1
btn football practice tour starts tomorrow . leg wisconsin minnesota iowa and nebraska . i ll keep you updated . stay in touch .	0
first girls varsity basketball game tomorrow at pm then football senior night at pm see you there ! go saints !	0
 why fit in when you were born to stand out ? dr . seuss haha . gotta stand out tomorrow . watch ! d	1
 . launches to tomorrow and the download sizes are quite big gb on both xbox one and ps .	0
 yugadu panthers vs . packers breaking down carolina s game plan on sunday the panthers head to green bay to . . .	0
if jenelle comes to the game tomorrow . . . i u ll die missherlots itsbeentolong mybaby	2
breaking dawn is coming out on the th u c yayyy	1
one of pop music s ugliest feuds kicked off at the mtv video music awards in los angeles on sunday when nicki . . .	2
rt last night for lloyd robertson . a sad day for news will miss that deep voice . legendary	2
friday night lights ! ! ! here in brownsville the match between hanna eagels and rivera raiders .	1
david cameron said the u .k . would take in thousands more syrian refugees by 	1
goodnight u c twitter . i will see you tomorrow when everyone is done talking about the justin bieber concert .	0
controversial spiritual leader sat guru maharaj ji has advised president buhari to use traditional means to tackle the boko haram insurgency	0
rest in peace frank gifford . monday night football was my weekly habit with howard and dandy don meredith .	0
 us wichita wild vs . omaha beef may th game preview wichita u c ks the wichita wild of the i . . . news usa wichita	0
can someone going to the houston airport tomorrow get me a shawn video lmao 	0
i can t even begin to tell you how excited i am to go see ac dc tomorrow	1
hrt we have to try and improve the car oct . hrt the formula world championship returned to action today . . .	1
it appears douglas adams may have right about telephone sanitisers all along .	1
praying wednesday can beat manager less rovers . hoping jordan rhodes forgets he put past us last season ! swfc	0
thank you for signing my t shirt and letting us have selfies with you guys . you were amazing at the horn last wednesday ! x	1
tomorrow u c i wake up in cebu ! ! ! d so u c i u ll have to log off the internet and log in to real life for a while ! good bye internet u c hello world !	1
ok u c going to be with on saturday at sm bacolod u c to meet my crush ! ! ! boom ! xd ! ! hahahahqa	1
david wright already having set backs . wont play til monday in philly . i wish he wouldn t get paid for the time missed .	0
went to kmart last night and saw a kurt cobain t shirt i had to buy it ! ! th favourite shirt lol	1
all of the real democrats won their respective races will move on face the recalled republican state senators on august yeswecan	1
well with zayn joining isis it is hard to maintain their family friendly image .	2
will you be in toledo tomorrow for the bearcats game ?	0
samsung s galaxy s edge now up for pre order in the uk samsung s galaxy note may never come to the uk . . .	1
happy birthday today my first favorite singer beyonce i wish you may years to come	1
its going down on friday at eko hotel will be live in lagos . . . . performing at the summer jam fest . .have you gotten ur tickets	0
 ladsontour mon the boys ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! theres only thing missin banjoooooooooooooooooo how nooooooooo	0
last friday was forcefriday and this wednesday the journey to star wars the force awakens continues with . . .	1
 lvrj where are you celebrating national hot dog day thursday ? at	0
maidstone in kent this morning ! with an alfa wisbech for a honda tomorrow brings swansea then return from . . .	0
 sports blue jays yankees preview david price s first road start for the toronto blue jays may prove exactly why . . .	0
also listening to here comes the sun help . idk why i just find george harrison oddly comforting .	1
sad that howard cosell don meredith amp now frank gifford have all passed . the original monday night football abc telecast was the best ! !	0
august is national hot dog day don t worry about what s in them just enjoy !	1
happy th birthday children s bbc ! ! thanks for all you do for us ! cbbcis eddtheduck	1
new post jessica biel at the espy awards in los angeles on july 	0
i really hope i can grope cuties at the japan stand at the expo fair in milan tomorrow	1
rt nolito with an assist and a superb winner for benfica against arsenal last night . he really is turning on the heat !	1
i have an art show this saturday it starts at am at the lexus dealership grand opening on virginia . please share ! ! !	1
yoga and music charity event in malaysia the th of december lt amazing to work across borders with ira . . .	1
anyone going to see slipknot and korn in january at the nia in birmingham ?	0
political observers believe joe biden may soon announce a decision about a possible presidential run . decision 	0
this time tomorrow night ill be partying it up in chapel hill cantwait	1
my th grade art teacher had her iphone stolen from the classroom someone took the sim card out so she couldn t track it	2
my s is out of data till the th and can t connect to wifi anymore i have an ipod now	2
tom brady has rings and the highest playoff win big ben has rings and the th best playoff win 	1
someone bring me doughnut holes from dunkin tomorrow morning . i ll marry you .	1
and march is a funny month considering that will be the year anniversary since zayn left	0
frank gifford always lived in someone s shadow whether it was howard cosell s on monday night football or kathie lee s in married life .	2
i would do anything to see taylor swift in concert on the th	1
with nd galaxyunpacked on today . here things we want from the rumoured galaxy note .	0
i loved going here for friday prayers eid was something else here	1
preparing my birthday cakes for tomorrow . . .bday girls shouldn t have to bake their own cakes . .oreo cheesecake on the menu for colleagues	0
football sunday from right behind the falcons bench . huge thanks to the georgia dome	1
celebrity big brother starts tomorrow . i won t be watching what a load of shit the majority of them won t even be celebs . shit tv	2
norman reedus the walking dead cast crash the audience at paleyfest new york bostonherald share with fri . . .	0
currently scheming with . tech vs . clemson in blacksburg october st ? i think yes . oolegooo ! be prepared it may happen	0
are you going to be watching lady gaga tomorrow on billboard s womaninmusic show ?	0
tom brady will be on the field thursday but will he have two rookie guards protecting him ?	0
yes . bill u c love your show u c watch it mon fri . but i must say i only watch fox u c can u t stand msnbc !	1
 u really good day u as danica patrick finishes th at kansas nationwide race nascar news fox sports on . . . wlmxrhfu	1
football update pm scrimmage game v jcm tuesday night at usj . rumor has it that chuck norris and hulk hogan will fight at halftime .	0
heard kicker gould is on show tomorrow u c can you ask if he was happy being drafted by patriots u c did he want to stay w pats ?	0
catch up with naruto and watched a few movies today ! friday well spent !	1
if you didn t make it on sunday invisible children s new film move . . .	0
seeing the foo fighters september th would be ideal	1
in just over one week i will be in blue and silver watching the cowboys destroy the redskins on monday night football ! so psyched	1
i know he s lying ! but shawn said cloud on thursday if you re both down .	0
yes something from sunday guardian was being disclosed that got interrupted by the chorus on yakub . if we can have them now . .	0
why nobody have ever said it about any country outside africa ? why angela merkel ran again for a rd term ?	2
debating going to ihop tomorrow morning or just sleeping in . . .	0
 st team game looks set to be on with sunshine in lechlade	1
i crushed a . km run with a pace of with nike ipod . makeitcount nikeplus september 	1
oct th in milan . .ive seen this tour times i love it like ive never loved a tour b ! ! teampink lol	1
we can u t wait to see what the cast members at capt . eo do when they see me tomorrow in my costume .	1
national hot dog day is tomorrow ! sonic is doing dollar hot dogs . . . .the inch size . . . . .all day tomorrow . i . . .	1
harry talking to the year old boy auctioning him off at metlife august th	0
i may get killed for this but i watched minutes of pretty little liars . the girls acting ability is as good as the acting in sharknado .	0
remember how zayn left the band on my th birthday monthswithoutzayn	0
huh kofi annan tomorrow . look at you get it get it . 	1
breaking news saudi arabia bankruptcy now on the waywithin feb for crude breakdown below for over supply and less consumption globally	2
are you a julie andrews fan ? don t miss only through oct at the panasonic ! final week ! for tix !	1
an opportunity to serve at the gazette s halloween parade tomorrow night ! check it out . . .	1
about to rd wheel my dad amp his gf tonight but it s so worth it to see kenny chesney and jason aldean	1
glad to hear everyone is ok ! a catch up is on the cards soon i m back from seoul on saturday .	1
our connect event is sept . come for worship food amp connecting with christians at uwaterloo . all are welcome !	1
watch christian bale cate blanchett and natalie portman in the new knight of cups trailer ! in theatres march th .	0
u athleticism and fighting spirit conquer the st place over john cena . the champ is here !	1
baron corbin might actually have the nd best job in the world next to brock lesnar arrive squash get paid leave repeat	1
ah curtis must have passed it around from tuesday	0
georgetown playing jmu in secret scrimmage on saturday while gmu does the same at marquette . h t 	0
weekend pressure at tpc sawgrass ? look no further than harris english shot swing in a day goes from fri to sat	0
so it s mid august and still no sign of frank ocean s album	0
the announcement ! august th and th the all star monster truck tour invades the garland county fairgrounds in . . .	0
think a spontaneous sojourn to the city of light may be in order . its all paris fashion week s fault . . .	0
can it be thursday already i m trying to watch the new naruto episode	1
going to buffalo wild wings tomorrow with my life long friend israel and my brother . . that u s what i call a good night . knicksnation	1
the sun the moon and the true teen wolf	0
nirvana the ultimate home coming . some may take infinitely longer .	0
just like when k was a kid saturday morning and i u m watching saved by the bell ! might even watch soul train 	0
erdogan says he will call snap turkey election on nov 	0
i m going to be lost without hannibal on a wednesday	0
damn rivergate skate center used b the spot to b on friday the th .	0
school tomorrow then his house for the afternoon evening can u t wait ! ! iloveyou	1
hes just jealous hahaha coz milan sucks . .after mil investment still fighting for th placers hahaha	2
just a heads up u c lp may take some time before i can start recording . a lot of work is going to go into this next project .	0
i think i may have just fell in love with after watching amy schumer live . . .extended cut on	1
our founders never intended for us to have a professional political class carly fiorina may you see many new followers .	0
my kids look forward to the sharknado movies because they are awesomely horrible . . . .and we need april ! aprillives	1
and the seats labour lost in scotland ? . . .not to ukip . . .	0
 . the at amp t stadium will have a great atmosphere on tuesday where we will face the likes of messi and co .	1
in pr amp rep a kckstr for st off the wrist accessories for apple watch . can i send u info ? they are rly chic amp innovative thx	1
eid holidays completely compromised by guests amp people i d rather not interact with . today is just full of dread . tomorrow is drudgery .	2
 just found my oped on the front page of iran daily in persian . a good read for saturday morning . terrorism	0
voted jean dujardin is my favorite for best actor in a film in comedyawards . watch it on may at c .	1
just that we need more people down for working on resolving drought and or issues in rd world countries and focus less on gay	2
i ve always related so much to ender and valentine all through my life . i remember writing to osc in th grade about it .	1
payton manning will win comeback player of the year and might even win th mvp . still a lot of season to go but manning looks great .	1
get chance to win a prize . follow us on google and you may can win prize . please open and follow us	1
 . . . st of all this is amy schumer and she s funnier and hotter than you will ever be nd of all shut the fuck up	2
iron maiden tour dates get announced on the th ! boy i would love to see my nd favorite band live !	0
what i m anticipating about the shingeki no kyojin possible nd season is the progress of relationship bet eren and mikasa	0
marami sis . moon that embraces the sun love rain scent of a woman fashion king king hearts queen in hyun s man d	0
you u re better when we were talking black lacrosse players after we won our rd straight all state sugar bowl	1
john cena may be injured so it may mean that seth rollins will not be defending his united states championship at night of champions	0
other than lemon tea lemonade . coke pepsi are my nd favorites . as unhealthy they are u c i cant wont stop drinking them u cthey u re just so good	1
jersey sammy think nekkid is where it s at happy monday	1
you may please check my pending complaint with amazon for which i write many emails and called customer care .	2
tiger woods with a triple bogey on a sunday with a chance to win ? what world are we living in ? i m sad .	0
uk release of star wars episode vii the force awakens to be a day earlier than expected dec 	0
i may have started playing the kim kardashian game again	1
ewoks i may be streaming tonight my friend is letting me use her cap card for the night ! hopefully it works for ps so i can stream mad max	1
who s going to nuit blanche on saturday pm am ? ! ?	0
rt remember that janet devlin girl on tonight s x factor the obviously in the final one ? she has a youtube chann . . .	0
gay marriage may not be your cup of tea but it s the law that she needs to issue marriage licenses to everyone .	0
now playing foo fighters cold day in the sun	1
happy good friday is awesoomeee ! i got laid last night bc of it	1
you can get up early thursday morning and come to see rick santorum at the charlotte victory center or u c if you . . .	0
pancakes at ihop good way to start any morning but sat or sun they just taste better . .	1
monday night raw tell about for the business of you john cena and no seth rollins i want bri bella and nikki bella you have no class let s l	0
i like t mobile but this upgrade having spazzed is making me uneasy . i ll ride it out for now but another incident may make me switch .	2
if a m does finally consummate the sec romance who would be the th sec team ? has to be one of fsu clemson miami or georgia tech .	0
early start today off to birmingham long day ahead with bit of travelling . . but hey foo fighters on sunday ! weekend ! ! !	1
i u ll cry with you . i u m having problems not being salty about this alive tour tomorrow . i can u t even listen to any big bang .	2
i may not like the walking dead but norman reedus is pretty attractive .	1
i m meeting justin bieber in april . . . . i don t think i ll ever shutup about this .	1
outrageously funny amy schumer plays mohegan sun tonight via	1
ok looks like i can t stream till later . gf wants to watch naruto again so i can t use my nd monitor . will stream when she is done .	0
and like doug wead has said many times u c if he didn u t run as a republican many may have never known about him .	2
at least after work tomorrow i can look forward to epic win x factor and the return of doctor who . . . . tho a pint may be needed .	0
may i just point out that even though dt s tweet was horrendous it was after charlie hebdo on january th	0
calibraska is th in italy omg we love you so much babes	1
i can get my paperwork figured out at work but man united and real madrid can t get it together . . . .c mon man .	2
yep bestival in september . you seen the line up for brisfest looks pretty good . de la soul for starters . d	1
tech news lexus fancy board really hovers but it s just for show lexus on tuesday presented the final video . . .	0
if you re going to saturday s ben sollee show make sure to stop by and see abby at the kftc table and if you . . .	0
it was unnecessary drama cord about uhuru hand over to ruto in parliamentary debate on uhuru address on oct 	2
it s mid may the week after mother s day so hopefully you should be good .	1
scj news dvd review amy schumer s begins a long film career with trainwreck amy poehler and tina fey may . . .	0
people have no interest in rahul gandhi . he may go to europe forever . he should take his mother with him .	2
if you hate tony blair and consider him a war criminal it s well worth reading about this	2
abuja aug reuters nigeria s security agency said on sunday it had made significant breakthroughs in the fight against boko haram	0
lol super awkward if its hella foggy at rim tomorrow and the games suppose to be on tv lol uhhhh . . where u s the ball ? lol	2
the new moto g may be the best budget phone . . . again . news technews	1
if you found a set of headphones amp an ipod on saturday by in terminal c please turn them in . reward offered . american	0
ricky ponting and i now have something in common . today he passed u c st class runs . last night at training u c i was hit for u c runs .	0
it s weird that in the st set federer amp isner went game for game until the tiebreak . then federer trucked him in the tiebreak	1
an exciting day tomorrow oscars well making his chase debut and operating first time out over hurdles ! ! fingerscrossed	1
thank youuuuuuu wanna come over tomorrow after or wanna wait for me at monroe with grace jurrel so we can get 	1
so out on friday listens to nevermind by nirvana the first time . what could possibly go wrong	1
by southwest h getting ready to fire up its cfm s . i m so excited about going to lax saturday . . .	1
he promised to take me to milan on saturday but he didn t step up hence why he s a fuckboy	2
ive been working all weekend still at work now . watching chuck norris movies haha i ll be at ciecmate on friday . see you there .	0
okay given the fact that there was a shooting at pnc on monday night i m a lil scared for metlife everyone be safe	0
credits to phenomenal retired english teacher jan knispel from valentine for the great analogy mohreng	1
poor usa rodgers fucked it up . not gay s fault . gatlin was rapid . congrats jamaica china canada for st nd rd x relay iaaf	0
 to go for alex smith ! ers mt tom brady wins afc player of the week for the nd time in his career tying peyton manning .	0
if you bought an iphone today you lost . new ones get introduced tomorrow . don t lose win .	0
gucci bags soul assuredness february evince the double harness your existent ingoing accruement into with keep . . .	0
pop bottles make luv thug passion red bottoms mon clare high fashion 	1
friday night baseball ! stop by village tavern tonight for phillies red sox starting at !	0
so far i have drafted aaron rodgers at overall and then at in the nd round matt forte . not bad .	1
 th of november is the date for us to receive all relevant documents and work for gcse controlled assessment and iaas . deadline	0
i just saw your link to the show . . .it is on wednesday yahoo ! ! ! thanks again .	1
who u s going to go see breaking dawn part with me ! ? c u mon !	1
there is still time to register for happiest baby on the block ! come have brunch tomorrow morning u c learn how . . .	0
love in the dark black friday kendrick what s up work church	1
scott walker s shifting position on the common core education standards via	0
here is the rd and last part of our paris fashion week ss street style report . . . streetstyle	0
perfect date week would be watching all the harry potter movies . obviously the last night would be pt amp of th movie .	0
so my sister and i are going to ed sheeran on saturday . . .	1
cringed a few times during that interview on felt bad for brock lesnar . summerslam is this sunday by the way	0
fuck looking at art tomorrow i u m going straight to the side of town where i can find chief keef ! ohhyeahh	1
well i hope this is the case . i don t have a ps at the moment but i may get the pc version .	0
anybody not taking the psat want to go to original house of pancakes tomorrow morning ?	0
rory will miss the wgc event in shanghai . flies to sofia after exhibitn match with tiger tomorrow to watch caroline wozniacki in tournament	0
just finished watching the st season of breaking pointe new tv doc about ballet west and was pleasantly surprised . what did you think ?	1
being human . is that the rd ? if it is i am free for a london trip . . .if i u m welcome as a guest . i u ll bring cream eggs haha	1
do the gucci foamposites come out on september th or september th ? i ve been hearing both dates but i m not sure who to trust	0
it s a good feeling when you re getting killed but realize you ll finish today in first place and have david price pitching tomorrow	1
i know tomorrow s my last day of work and today i close so i m kinda just laying in my bed listening to janet jackson	0
jon pardi last night jj longhorn and moonlight drive tonight next friday and jason aldean in weeks . . .i like concerts	1
everything ok curtis ? that s the th time you followed and unfollowed me . . . .one more time and . . . . . .	0
hartzel and i are planning to watch ant man tomorrow at sm pala pala but the problem is that it s only available in d	2
i could prattle on about s music all night long . radio head weezer green day stone temple pilots the offspring rd eye blind	1
messi has the th best dribble succes rate in europe s top leagues this term of players to attempt dribbles	1
i need a big moment ! something like a clutch moment ! a kobe in the th quarter ! a ronda rowdy rousey second knockout !	0
i also remember this one time in th when i bent down to pick my pencil up and farted in the middle of taks . dx	0
i think i m gonna end up quitting ihop tomorrow morning because the thought of stepping into that establishment is destroying me	2
 . .the ramifications may feasibly tear apart the tory party for years to come . that said the putative no campaign . . .	2
been w romo taylor for the last days ! hopefully seeing and and then goin home w her today heh	1
bookmark to follow our full coverage of the galaxy note and galaxy s edge plus unveiling this august th in nyc !	1
bib ! look for me during the two cities marathon this sunday ! running from clovis to fresno ! i got this ! ! !	1
he told us the summer before th grade . nice try though curtis	1
potential upset alert the wichita wild only trail the allen wranglers with left in the rd quarter .	0
monster trucks apple watch email and other awesome apps of the week news tech football	1
the comedians from chelsea lately will be at the fox theatre tomorrow ! i u m so excited !	1
gm the new cast of dwts is going to be on good morning america on tuesday morning hope your appts . go well love u ! !	1
i went to the marijuana march u c but i do not remember what happened there .	0
except for the part where because of lack of depth we also had to play gerrard u c suarez for a bunch u c which may screw us . . . .	2
tomorrow is the big day u c see you at bna	1
all the beverly hillbilly cast granny hillary jeb bush jethro boehner eli may ? banker barak .	2
i m sure briana wanted to like brooks back whn vicki st strtd dating him . she wldnt just make this stuff up . he has a dark side !	0
business john kasich may be the democratic party s worst nightmare	0
the miss usa pageant was tonight so that means there will be a lot more girls at the gym tomorrow	1
me today this . glad i took a day s leave after not getting back from foo fighters gig until half this morning .	1
i u ve been cleaning all day and watching project x non stop . i think i u m on my th time . love this movie ! you the man ! !	1
you guys just hit the ball well and thor settled in after the nd .	0
 point s out of under curtis . . . only out of a possible with monk before departure . . . team already improving . . . c mon swans scfc	1
so excited for bridesmaids on dvd tomorrow ! . . .also happy for the awesome melissa mccarthy and her emmy last night !	1
harry potter quiz night is on the th at beerhouse in fourways . bucks pp . teams of up to .	0
haha ! well i was kinda hoping to see lou tomorrow night so don u t think i u m going to u c but if she u s busy then i might aswell !	1
hooked on sons of anarchy thanks to its too good too stop watching all day viewing today !	1
from boko haram to the black sash the numbers issue of monday monthly is out .	2
for all my sophomores and juniors the deadline for the google bold internship program is dec . at midnight pst . if you any questions hmu !	0
if you are a frequent flier you may want to finally get that amazon prime membership . . . via flying amazon	1
driving back down the a on tues afternoon at j near m u c i saw a red kite . i u ve never seen one north of oxford before .	0
 ihope that will be able to come to cuba with me for march break	1
rita could you tweet danica u s video ? she u ll be trying to meet justin on november nd in louisville .	0
runrig barras tomorrow night .followed by stealing at home then lorenzo in the louden . . .perfect . 	1
go through the best flip covers and back covers available for moto g rd gen motorola smartphones motog rdgen	1
i can t believe the last time barca scored against malaga was in january that s odd . my money on malaga to win tonight bbceurofooty	0
very wise . hard to see ukip going any further tho . lab amp tory split may open up new space like you said .	2
happy sunday ! back at the river center for miss usa ! it s going to be an interesting night . who is watching the big show ?	1
i want notre dame to go to the national championship but i want ou to win this saturday	0
fuck . . .i forgot the nets opener is moved to sunday and i gotta go with my dad . . .i have to drive home from find fast . . . rushingflow	2
so sorry to hear of the passing of frank gifford . prayers to and her family . may god comfort you . ripfrankgifford	0
he was like my favorite in th grade and then he pulled a frank ocean and dissappeared	0
this is from the charlie hebdo attack back in january . yes it s a beautiful image but this isn t current .	0
saudi arabia is just isis with full statehood . and yet they re our allies .	2
is john cena made of steel or what ? injured on friday wrestle the next day . respect wwe	1
third and final fantasy draft tonight this time with my cousins . my keeper pick ? tony romo with a th rounder . boo yeah .	1
see robbie keane jumping off the bench claiming that th goal ! ! greathattickfromrobbie	1
delhi police said that the fresh report submitted by aiims doctors . . more info 	0
sony s th anniversary for the classic playstation ! d yearsofplay	1
fotolog if we need more electricity google needs to approve it he plugs sun for their power efficiency	0
anyone want to come to kenny chesney and jason aldean at metlife on saturday i have an extra ticket and by extra i mean a plus one wink wink	1
i have watched every sharknado and have made plans to watch the rd one . let s goooo	1
koreatown calif . a man allegedly shot his former boss in the head thursday at a commer	2
notre dame women s soccer open their season today with a friendly vs nebraska . live web stream at pm eastern	0
mt council of can chair maude barlow hits road to speak on protecting the great lakes city tour will see her in hamont may 	1
it may not be a onesie but it s super soft has a hood and the best thing about it is it s from imelda staunton ! so . . .	1
seems like a pretty crafty fella . if he thinks real hard u c the finder fee may not be necessary !	1
it doesn t really count i was decorating a haunted house for a halloween program tomorrow . . .i get paid lots of overtime 	1
just got the ics update from sony on my sola apparently it was released on the th but update centre never told me so i only knew . . .	0
 st time i bring my phone to harold washington it goes off ! 	2
also tomorrow mayor tory to celebrate national hot dog day . i m told he will not be pulling a kobayashi doing any hotdog eating contests	1
 i may have thy fist bumped . thor is her fist for tony to bump with his .	0
tbh salman s tweets about yakub may have been an incoherent mess but i agree that he s a man who should be stopped from going to the gallows	0
poor shot selection ! ! and another bites in the dust . azhar ali gone . james pattinson gets his nd victim . pakvaus cricket	2
just like peyton or montana or rogers or andrew luck tom brady may not have sbs but no matter where he was drafted brady was gonna win	1
record august for milan visitors ansa milan september milan thanks to the expo world s fair had a . . .	0
the super eagles will face niger in an exhibition game in port harcourt on september the nff has disclosed .	0
stfu wit them excuses . . .clippers gonna beat the hell outta the lakers tomorrow	2
seriously . if you two are still in asheville on friday i work at dunkin from . west asheville . i make a mean coolatta .	0
omg that s a beautiful analogy . i love that niall and louis just sat down like this needs to play out lets go over here	1
lonely star life of the party thursday the zone the birds part and gone rolling stone and heaven or las vegas years old	0
umps say no homer . now red sox want to review whether or not donaldson was safe at rd . looked safe to me . bluejays	0
we may have our qb . tell me tom brady couldn t win with our wr group ?	0
new iron maiden single ? well alright then thank you friday	1
it looks better as the nufc fans are now in nd tier so i can u t see them . . . it looks like he u s just goading the sufc fans !	1
 cloud cloud computing and big data strategy in this ceo power panel at the th international cloud expo u c modera . . .	0
tread your own path you ll never make it as a follower . you never know where you will go or where you ll be tomorrow ed sheeran 	0
ibm webcast positioning the roadmap for the logical data warehouse sept th pm bigdata analytics netezza	0
if you u re calling this little thing right here a party then friday night u s gonna be project x u c y u c z .	0
wish i was going to see justin perform tomorrow biebertoday i wish i was american	1
also the iphone s s plus and the new ipad will be coming out tomorrow morning ! will be checking out the highlights .	1
listening to calibraska tomorrow for i have a hour car ride so i should learn all the lyrics by then	0
it s monday and it s a full week ! jonathan kozol tonight on campus amp club fair on wed weareallwinners	1
jeremy lin has points and assists . he would be the th best pg on the knicks .	1
if i may i agree with these esteemed gentlemen and tom cruise	1
like kerry frith author page for your updates on her books amp special offers st two books of the cocktail amp . . .	1
i should make dope ass songs for anc valentine s day easter monday youth day mandela day women s day and . . .	0
 sgs fury on brink of beating haye to vitali tyson fury is set to face denis boytsov on december u c with the wi . . .	0
tv fundraiser sandy friday night . during katrina telethon kanye said bush was killing black people . . .doubt we u ll hear opposite about obama	2
the th amend applies to race pal get the states to ratify one for gay marriage . i am trying to work and participate here bud	0
haven t you though that the christians may be right and all the evil that islam does you will all go to hell .	0
i lost respect for annahazare the minute he sat at duratma gandhi s graveyard yesterday . india does not need another gandhi . vandemataram	2
nicki is a great woman i don t care what you say . i may don t like her music a lot but she s very intelligent .	1
brian wilson is set to make his cactus league debut tomorrow for the san francisco giants .	0
yo mgs looks sick as hell dood ! ps is on the way and should be here this friday but i won t have destiny until next thursday the th 	0
i really want to thank angela merkel for letting all those refugees in . she shows what humanity is about . may god bless her refugeeswelcome	1
shows starting up again aug see you soon cumberland gibsons and prince george ! ! !	1
as sonia amp could not buy sc judgement in favor of yakub they are worried that teesta and tejpal may have to face the same fate .	0
one for your diary . we have reindeer s coming to the garden centre on saturday the th of december .	0
fyi golf fans will join moj on wednesday nights to recap big break greenbrier . tonight he s on at . jamesbb saucerpass	0
just went to hmv and meek mills album don t come out till monday pissed dreamsandnightmares dreamsandnightmares	2
 th day of eid be like boys eid khtam hogayi h kanjar ki olaad itna tyar shyaar q hai ? girls eid mubarak eid mubarak eid mubarak	0
kane he may be able he feckin aint what a touch for a bug man kanescomedygold	0
saturday i buy my ticket for the tmhtour in belgium ! i u m so happy ! ! ! !	1
rt andy rooney will make last appearance on cbs minutes this sunday tvnewser	0
 the sun daily lenovo sony and marshall london on trend smartphones some smartphone trends come and go but . . .	1
that moment you realise justin bieber may be better at freestyling than young thug don t forget to like our page . . .	1
i m waiting for chris brown to get a hold on this song also . it sounds like something he may actually remix .	1
if this is happening halfway through the show john cena is not winning his th world title ! rejoice ! summerslam	1
dick van dyke scheduled for the winspear opera house in dallas on tuesday may about pm . should be a good show .	1
you hate it because it was a call against your boyfriend james franklin . remember you had them ranked th ! ! ! lol	2
not often when you see dustin johnson going low on a sunday	0
performing with black artist doesn t take away the fact that nicki gave you a rd degree burn with her tea hunty .	0
friday on my mind by david bowie from the album pin ups	0
one of the advantages to living in sc is we get to meet candidates in person going to meet carly fiorina tomorrow a competent honest woman	1
were you at the haye vs chisora fight on sat ? we saw you at the side of the ring n then you disappeared likemagic	0
i u m hosting the day party spartacus friday from and then spy in raleigh that night !	0
never noticed how the theme music on sunday morning live sounds like the jurassic park theme . fits with all prehistoric views on this show	0
the rum runners will be performing on saturday september th . . . you don t want to miss this jerry garcia . . .	1
claims maths came from islam . i tell him egypt greeks had it earlier for example .tries to prove me wrong by saying 	2
is heading to tom u s river nj and manhatten u c please consider donating to the cause . they feed st responders and communities .	1
also stfu you annoying christians waking me up in a sunday morning and shit ! no offense to the christians	2
everyone wore their nirvana shirts yesterday n last week friday im wearing mine day keepin it goin ! ! !	1
day sat in hvar with degree sunshine and countless beaches but would rather be at home watchin super sunday find me a bar unmissable	0
when ice cube says yeeeeeah in the first mins of friday when he sees the cereal is classic .	0
good point he may still be up . . .he u s off to las vegas !	1
remarkable honda may leave milan if he chose lazio instead he may still have been playing football lazio wrongchoice seriea	2
last day for supplementary nominations to swedish gn and champion hurdle monday june th at noon . gmt e mail sport	0
throwback thursday ! daddy and joe pa ! rip to u c in my eyes u c still the most winningest coach in college footbal	1
shazia ilmi joined bjp s swachh bharat campaign . noble intentions or may be the fact that no woman likes to be ignored for a long time .	2
carson smith notched his th blown save after giving up two runs in the ninth against the white sox . this may have a bad ending . mariners	2
o ok well i m not coming back to dallas tonight	0
when you spend the day being angela merkel to th graders and then leave your bag in an uber . cant	0
i may be a big old grump in places children tend to be but you just can t be a grump at disneyland you re a kid too at disneyland	1
george osborne portrayed the night tube to aid low waged workers but only on friday amp saturday lying again george ?	1
can u t wait for the west chester ohio rally with mitt tomorrow night along with the great gov of oh ! romneyryan 	1
congrats to team spleaders for winning the kickball tournament that was held october th !	1
thanks for sharing this course gary . you may want to check out this blogpost on amazon ml as well 	1
little concerned his ascendancy may still some thunder from frank ocean . as you ve said frank better hurry up w new album .	0
in thursday s gop presidential debate john kasich and donald trump will have the least scripted responses .	0
mlb rangers beat the yankees on josh hamilton s walk off single in th inning !	0
we might as well bring back orr and mclaren if carlyle continues to play three lines . in my opinion he s not using kozun properly . th line ?	2
i thought your mash up of katy perry amp frank ocean was brilliant . that may have been my favorite song of the night ! youkilledit	1
if u are around milan don t miss the brokencircuit world premiere saturday october at la cartografia check . . .	0
okay i don t watch how to rock but i may just to look at max shneider s face oh my god . and his voice is amazing . like . kshgkjhzjhsdkhfg .	1
cech set to leave in january atletico madrid has joined roma and real madrid in the race . . . ff 	1
in rory s absence paul dunne is representing ireland well in the open ! ! st amateur since bobby jones to lead going into the final round .	1
pagans named each day of the week after one of their gods e .g . thor s day thursday .	0
going to make some food and watch act of valor . spending my friday night relaxing .	1
what did you do on saturday ? i sawed metal for hours then watched naruto and was in bed by 	1
lost sony cell phone with holiday photos . early fri morning montreal transit plaza or no . bus to airport . reward ! plz rt .	0
i can clearly hear foo fighters playing the milyon keynes bowl from my house . crowds are cheering like mad sounds great . roll on tomorrow	1
well admonishing him of it s status in islam is wat you should do if he s of age . if he s a little kid kick his ass st	2
aaaaahhhhh dam ! i am out of my favorite tea ! damit i have to wait until tomorrow to buy it now 	2
as a huge john cena fan him beating seth rollins to win his th world heavyweight championship is just wrong . reconsider .	2
ibm still leads . hp closing the decline gap hewlett packard said on thursday that its profit fell percent . . .	0
did you ever read the little bit of midnight sun that got leaked online . twilight from edward s perspective so good !	1
belting out the u classics on mtv because that my friends is how saturday night should be cantsingforshit	1
post of the night anonymous id excv jkr fri no . this thread is like watching a monkey fuck a coconut	2
we ll be on the air tomorrow night at pm est w amp john rare plus our take on hulk hogan studio 	0
oh and rafa said before the injury he was having the best year he ever had was st in the race . . . m 	2
scott walker is not in favor not now of failing to not follow or never not violate the th amendment . why can t you understand this ?	0
yay inbetweeners is in the cinemas august th should be well funny	1
wanna lol again with them ? ted will be sneak preview this saturday !	1
when non mooslims make deals with islam might want to remember doctrine of taqiyah . allowed lietonon muslim rt 	0
ron francis . mario lemieux and jaromir jagr took all the scoring titles yet ron sits th all time in scoring .	0
selling my justin bieber ticket for may th at the td garden in boston for a discounted price tonight ! ! dm me !	0
my idol is tuning on monday ! she u s growing up so fast ! ! i remember when she was that girl on wizards of waverly place	1
samsung sch s with windows phone gets wi fi bluetooth certified may be headed to china telecom	0
if europe wants to take muslim refugees from syria america should take the christians though they may suffer persecution in america too .	0
gucci bags other self aspiration april occur the set of two yours whole far out link in contemplation of admir . . .	0
may go see ant man tonight . anyone interested ?	1
please put on your calender to come to the petrolia vfd social hall in petrolia u c pa this saturday night the raise . . .	0
terry collins didn t want mess with top of lineup ! having cespedes hit rd amp david wright th should be fun to watch ! 	1
she u s got anne curtis u c toni gonzaga u c dat guy who looks like bruno mars from last sunday u c idk his name lol n others idk them d	0
i m glad smiles gently you might slap me but after seeing you i m much better mikasa . may i accompany you ?	1
wow ! ! ! gosh i may have to watch the oscars from what movie ?	1
a you good bye th text fuck it ima just delete my twitter account babe . . for you th text	2
the one that shows jeb bush in th pl . yet talk about jeb bush every morning instead of the others ahead of him ok ?	0
i guess our ihop trip will have to be postponed . . .actually i don t even work saturday so i mean we can still do it then	0
j cole an kendrick . l drop their heat on february the same day of my birthday hinthint coughcough that ll be a good b day present .	1
who wants to go with me to see liza in november at the kirby center ? ? ? ? it s liza . fucking . minnelli .	1
oh it s thursday ! new ep of naruto ? probably fillers but let s go !	1
i u d want mannone u cjenks sagna u cper u ckos u ctv u ccoq u carteta u csanti u ctheo gnabry u cgiroud u cpoldi to start tomorrow	0
i m at hyena s comedy club in dallas all weekend with the hilarious jason russell . thursday shows are always free so you have no excuses .	1
can t wait to see eric church tomorrow with ! drinkalittledrink smokealittlesmoke	1
coastal coffee will be at the thanksgiving farmers market in grand bend tomorrow morning .	0
so shawn is meeting up with the jacks tomorrow i m expecting some hot ass pics	1
welcome to kevin oduah s blog is mariah carey pregnant with james packer s child . . .	0
he u s nd on that list . he retired mick foley in there .	0
thilakan had given a reality check into the affairs of malayala cinema in superstardom national award et al	1
gotta love it and snoop is playing tomorrow night at bluesfest !	1
definitely going to have to take a trip to dunkin on saturday before the early ass scrimmage	1
nicki wrote everything drake a emotion soft ass nigga crying cause he wasn t st in line my dad meek won	2
seriously i think he may pull out his gat and shoot me ! i need to call upon castle greyskull for my powers ihavethepower	2
noooo but it wasn t te official party but tuesday at moomba hopefully well win something	1
i thought dustin johnson chokes on in majors ? does this mean he will win tomorrow ?	0
yeah i saw that . it looked looked like he was crying at metlife and tuesday on gma as well . . .	0
floyd mayweather may have beaten pacquiao but i bet you a billion dollars he couldn t beat kelly robinson	0
ballroom dancing till at school tomorrow then kpop on saturday till rehearsals at lunch times for mission day amp grope dance at recess	0
if you have gotten all the skulltullas in hw do you know the location of the nd one in ruto s rd lv weapon ? where it spawns ?	0
ko s thefw en route to th straight win . then calls out dana white in the post fight .	0
 agencies u c incl . the bomb squad u c were needed to dispose of hazardous waste at e . th st post rd .	0
do you feel religious freedom in usa may be denied to christians under the guise of separation of church amp state ?	0
did you know that scott walker was trending topic on sunday for hours in chicago ? trndnl	0
saturday without leeds united is like sunday without a sunday dinner it doesn t feel normal at all ryan 	2
stuffed myself with a yummy spag bol from then founded the night off by watching ted at back to the gym tomorrow !	1
i got hspa retake in the a .m . . who wanna walk to school w . me tomorrow d ? ?	1
for you sibling wed game with scott and chris evans part 	0
hmmmm november is an odd release date if true but if it becomes big enough maybe she could sing it at grammys	0
what an achievement by paul dunne today . to lead the open in these circumstances is amazing . everybody will be shouting for him tomorrow !	1
c u mon man ! honey badger just don u t give a shit !	2
tgif ! ! ! are you ready ? don t miss the friday night house party w dj tan on the soul fm tonight at pm edt	1
we also wrap up our discussion of the summer olympics present our weekly box office report amp discuss how of nbc s fall shows may be doa .	0
last night was tweatup dinner at bucci tonight is sister s bday dinner in sunnybank tomorrow is dinner at the red hen . whatweightgain	0
david beckham has expressed his desire to be the next james bond . he s a good look but his acting may be a deal breaker	2
super eagles up four steps on fifa rankings . now in the world . th in africa	1
sad to hear one of my boyhood heroes nygiants nfl hof member amp monday night football original frank gifford has passed to the great beyond	2
apple ipod photo classic th generation white gb with music	0
maybe if it was our musical but ehh sam smith is so much more amazing c mon bethany	1
martin must be dreading it . it u s make or break for him tomorrow . it u s the nature of the beast	2
sungkyunkwan scandal on abs cbn . . i just finished the series yesterday . . i may sound like a spoiler now evil laugh 	0
just score a seat at the red sox for friday pm ! woot ! !	1
tomorrow i m coming back from barcelona . . .i don t want ! 	2
ant man is getting good reviews might have to go watch it sunday night	1
anybody know the timings for foo fighters tomorrow ? when do the supports come on ?	0
oh my god it just hit me that i m seeing sam smith tomorrow night	1
at tomorrow u s heritage convocation we will celebrate the last years of sc history . come to culbertson at am !	1
to you i guess . . . . naruto has the th hokage jutsu and even furthered it rather then perfected .	0
michael dyer got kicked out of his nd school . smh . he had it made . why throw away your talent like that . smfh	2
hey start worrying a little less about tom brady and start punishing actual criminals	2
mamedyarov beats nakamura in the th round of the london grand prix . what a game !	1
have had two very enjoyable nights of carling cup action with arsenal last night and cfc this . will qpr v reading on sunday live up to it . . ?	1
not bad for a monday morning . . . . .sitting on the train ready to go along the harry potter route . yesterday we . . .	1
god bless him amp god bless am israel may allah wrath be with palestinian terrorists of gaza amp wb	1
was listening to kendrick s black friday and i m pretty sure it took my call of duty online to a entirely new level . .	1
watching kandi factory . . . dam i could have made the show can u t none of them sang ! lol	2
edinburgh derby today on sell out saturday and the stadium isn t even half full ! there s only one proper derby in the uk ! weartynederby	2
jacob im scared af because i just finished the st episode of asylum from american horror story	2
yodamole is just one idea in this round up post of fun ways to celebrate star wars day on may th .	1
nicki and miley left nothing to the imagination at sunday night s vma s .	0
maybe that explains why the sun before the election yougov had co obama and it turned out 	0
overheard being gay at church on sunday me now back to this bitch who had a lot to say about me during . . .	2
asap . . . .come to my house tomorrow and entertain me instead of everyone else going to the concert .	0
fright night with meek mill machine gun kelly teaneck national guard armory october th pm bbod will be opening hit us for tickets	0
murray i think today you gotta take an l and come back stronger tomorrow	1
josh hamilton hits an rbi double to give the rangers a lead in the th ! ! game 	1
wacky wednesday time . oh you know its on ! what is your favorite yoga pose ? let s see it but in the most . . .	1
it s slooooow much slower than ipad can t imagine compared to ones released friday it s a dud balmer will be gone soon .	2
want to be upgraded to floor seats ? ! share your ed sheeran selfie with livebright tonight amp just may pick you for the upgrade !	0
many listeners are not with the information yet . may have read a book or but still not convinced ! twilight zone someone ?	0
nicki may be thinking it s better to confront her as other people will think they can try it too . which is true . just my opinion .	0
is anyone going to ac dc at ford field next tuesday ?	1
trump loves christians amp may not be particularly religious as we know it . . . .but god is still allowing him to excel in spite of everything ! !	1
i m nervous about a dns possibility for tomorrow . hip pain post half . k might not be wise to run right before disney trip . 	2
just heard my bud rode with tom boonen yesterday . tourofcalifornia goes off sunday	1
seen girls crying for beyonce crazy . but when march madness is played i might do the same tomorrow	1
kyle you fall in th place in the mario party standings st bryan nd bfish rd fish th andre th kyle	0
carly fiorina may very well be the smartest woman in the world . next to angela merkel that is .	1
remember how much charlie hebdo inched up the dehumanizations of muslims worldwide ? that was pittance compared to what will happen tomorrow	2
sunday and a lovely raggedtalk on skiing in scotland by the freewheelin patrick d whelan . outoftheblue drillhall skiing newnickname	1
rahul gandhi drags modi in national herald case alleges vendetta by pmo new delhi dec upping the ante o . . .	0
check out red carpet looks from cate blanchett elizabeth debicki amp teresa palmer at the th aacta awards	0
saturday doesn t feel special compared to other week days when milan is not playing and the brazilian league is finished .	2
i swear ! ! you dont needa be that ratchet in th grade . i was just about to call joseph kony .	2
the stakes are high in floyd mayweather s last fight ! stream it live on ss on the dstv now app sunday morning at am	0
wildcat madness tomorrow ! community pep rally ! bell game ! hope to see you all there !	1
just upgraded to windows . i may be among the few people who liked . .	0
section not a single day without an event july holidays children s day indonesia national hot dog day . . .	1
nirvana cover season in the sun beeges . .marigold cover tenda biru dessy ratnasari cc marko vandalisme koma iwan . . .	0
resort monday coming up at the kee tonight back to school girl theme ! there will be a contest for the best dressed .	0
kpop fandoms may hate eachother but if ppl keep provoking queens it s just going to make those same fandoms wanna vote for t ara .	0
next wed our online book club is chatting john green s paper towns ! join the facebook event to chat ! momsreading	0
i thought this was the announcement of a janet jackson remix at first and i m kind of disappointed .	2
hi digi may i know what are the difference for contract and months contract for plan only ?	0
 last friday night does not depict a healthy relationship with intoxicants . do not invite katy perry to your parties	2
may our hearts be full like our drinks tonight mtvstars lady gaga	1
today may be the best day of my life i get to see zlatan .	1
 monday u s bomani jones is on jordan jefferson . . .and yeah u c it u ll be a doozy u c too . they give us weed smokers a bad name	2
this is my rd galaxy note and still glitchy i have to restart it about times a day . what happened to quality ?	2
game tomorrow ! ! ! i u m excited in this shit than the coming pro bowl haha	1
the second nurse who was diagnosed with ebola after treating thomas eric duncan may have experienced symptoms . . .	0
john kasich may not subscribe to my political views or me his but he very much handles himself with grace and compassion . kudos	1
iowa gop poll results are here in rd place jeb bush with in nd place donald trump with and in st place is john cena	0
fyi friday ! halloween is right around the corner ! keep your pets safe with these helpful tips from aspca . . . .	1
watched unofficially yours with richard mark morcella u c his partner and jaja abastillas	0
starting off my week looking like harry potter how s your monday going ?	1
somehow i was able to enjoy the nd half of ant man in spite of my gleeful anticipation about all the ant lamb jokes i couldn t wait to make	1
curtis bladesboy may i ask you to check my profile ? because there s a limited secret to . coins fifa 	0
tony blair s taken control of the tory party writes peter hitchens tony blair s labour may have seemed moder . . .	0
my dad just dramatically got upset at me for no reason but i was getting an ipad tomorrow so now what	2
smh somebody bout to be upset again . st tiger woods infiltrates golf the williams sister literally . . .	0
radio city are gonna visit the most spookiest places in liverpool . st place anfield it s a bit dead in there after tonight .	0
let u s all talk shit about the thunder at school tomorrow now . since they talk too much about the lakers .	2
 amp then foo fighters sunday . . .this one is so excited he ll prob poo his pants	1
i would cry so much . . i m waiting to dunk in sept with friends . our theme is dunkin ugly . because who dunks pretty ? not 	1
tomorrow for my birthday i think i m gonna go to the cinema because i want to watch paper towns	1
is it pointless for me to try to get a niall follow ? i may be part irish but i swear i have no luck so i can t see it ever happening .	2
well dustin johnson seems to have the anvil back in his bag on a major sunday . dropped spots on first hole . snowman	2
hi fiona thanks for following econokit you may like to use bizikent and rt follow other local businesses as per bizitalk 	1
 fantasy recommendation by jackie bradley jr . while the red sox season may b . . . alarm	0
donald trump says he has nothing but nice things to say about kanye west but adds he may have to run against him in a few years . 	1
moto g rd gen moto x play moto x style which one is for you ? android feedly	0
tell me you ain u t excited ! the twins in eurosong final ! they gonna win the st place !	1
tomorrow i get to make a birthday cake .	0
eric church was absolutely amazing last saturday . . .he never disappoints	1
they did come out on the saturday niall was on the segway i cant remember about the others	0
in yrs . there have been mass shooting incidents ira not included in the uk . us paranoid st reaction shoot	2
machine gun kelly concert on the th ! ! me bout shut this bitch down !	2
definitely i m free pretty much all eve but may go to yoga at ! some good anecdotes for you	1
the words unbowed u c unbent u c unbroken under a sun with a spear going through it .	0
good work tonight boys . wish i could have been out there . let u s take bob jones monday and get some momentum for regionals . ttums	1
usa golf today bob ryan tiger now a jag just another guy bob ryan of the boston globe called tiger woods . . .	2
still tired from eid on friday it s a shame i couldn t eat much bc of this nasty germy thing	2
 nd zlatan leo and andres will have your defence heaving xavi popping it and zz owning your final third .	1
 mashupmonday remember this one ? katy perry gets mashupped with jan oostdyk .	0
 arirang simply kpop kim hyung jun cross the line feat . ha yeong of playback 	0
it creeps up on you . one day it s monday bloody monday and the next tgif !	1
trump should let whoever comes in th place in the polls be a guest judge at miss usa to make up for it .	0
the nuggets kick off their season tonight and we u re hosting nuggets fans this saturday to watch the miami heat . . .	0
the last time they hit niall s injured knee this time harry s head ! they may really hurt them ! this needs to stop !	2
big brother will be on cbs sister stations tomorrow because of football . i ll make a list of all the changes . bb 	0
doing some serious sucking up tonight so i can go harry u s tomorrow 	2
first turkey israel jordan then palestine the birth of christ th time twet blocks why jews ?	0
may be good news for ukip too though corbyn is the most eurosceptic leader since michael foot .	1
the city of dar es salaam stayed up into the early hours of friday to welcome the super eagles of nigeria who . . .	1
the weeknd said that bbtm was coming out aug . bbtm came out aug . frank ocean take notes .	0
newcastle utd upping the ante in the nd half .	1
friday nights are all about mob wives in my house . respect !	1
just wondering if you have had a chance to share the google drive yet from wednesday or if i entered my email incorrectly ?	0
i u m not sure how teddy bridgewater playing in the orange bowl will go over in miami . we may find out .	0
i wish nicki would have flew across the stage and slapped that hoe !	2
some say gov . john kasich won thursday s gop debate . see our analysis and vote for the night s top performer 	0
did you know sunday is national ice cream day ? what s your favorite flavor ?	1
monday night football gary neville did well even if at times he was like a train spotter talking about the female clitoris . itsnoteasy	1
just watching valentine s day while drinking a l coke bottle and complaining about my body . just another casual wednesday afternoon	0
coalition is necessary for the st time muslim stood up ag terrorsm wdout dependng on west .iran cant be bcz all ts there assets .	0
good monday morning my twitter followers ! i m thrilled that mockingjay part amp paper towns won at the teen choice awards . congrats !	1
the death of our dear president umar m .yar adua brought us gej a disaster which brought about boko haram	2
you will know when get to school on monday because i will scream hey guys it s john cena and play the song when i enter . thank you .	1
thought the boys taking a break will allow me concentrate on my school lessons ha . forgot zayn is out there zolo amp may drop a single anytime	0
bring the adidas sock tomorrow	0
son if deandre learned anything more than dunking .he could be the rd best center in the league . brook lopez u s rebound numbers hold him back	1
haha the top most popular shirts on the nfl store are all jarryd hayne jerseys tom brady is th	0
get down to adelaide oval tomorrow to see acc u s and the in action !	0
see you in tallahassee on friday ! 	0
happy nd birthday prince george wouldnt want to share my th birthday today with anyone else proud x	1
seen a photos of them and the caption said kendrick and sherane in the th grade and they were on some bed	0
i have a very strong dislike for george zimmerman . i really do . why isn u t he in jail ! can u t wait for him to be sentenced in june .	2
i like that they re just putting all the things in monster hunter . may have to finally get into this series .	1
up front kawaguchi sukuraman and kane will be inserted in the line up tomorrow night	0
spent my labor day beating in mario kart for the first time amp getting halfway done with harry potter series best monday ever !	1
july the man that carried hulk hogan to be a star . piper was the best talker in the business	1
watch out for together with divine u c deniesse and the big at the pacific mall legazpi landco plaza on april u c pm .	0
dustin johnson quadruple bogies the st hole ? must be sunday of a major	0
thanks fa the love ! ! i u m coming to greensboro nc dec . make a appointment 	1
kiss a guy you just met after riding amusement park rides then he get eaten by sharknado rough st date sharknado 	0
obama secures iran victory as th senator endorses nuclear deal another victory for the march of islam well done hussein obama	2
who does louis hate more zayn or harry the world may never know	0
i knew black friday . black friday was a friend of mine . and you amazon prime day are no black friday .	2
only non chase drivers in the top kyle busch in th and mark martin in th . nascar	0
may the right path guide you my fellow sister and help u maintain nirvana .	0
well there you go john cena inspires people to kill themselves . i may do a review of the show	2
tomorrow morning on good morning america . . . hulk hogan . . .i cannot say enough about this guy and what he has done for so many .	0
just made a plot for a fan fic about how to rock . it s gonna be called before gravity . i ll post it by friday can t wait for u to read it .	1
ted tonight . ted baker tomorrow . ted talks playlists . teddy sherringham in . all things ted . ted	1
listening to early live ac dc covering chuck berry while driving a black capri with the windows down in the sun . it s a good day .	1
i can t even watch any news now even if i wanted to muslims fill the screen . watching the rd world march all over europe leaves me cold	2
mt boehner asks obama to move speech to thurs forget u with or w o u . tues works for me .	0
it s queen . nevertheless thor shook those feelings off as he and sif approached their table and sat down	1
 new update photos teen wolf s holland roden attending the mtv vma s august teenwolf	1
did you know that swachh bharat was trending topic on sunday for hours in pune ? trndnl	0
madonna was on saturday night live with bee gees last night she is perfect	1
we re not so far from lady gaga c mon ! we can do it ! mtvstars one direction	1
deal of the hour up brazil u c chile u c uruguay argentina tours w air through april deals	0
only going by the latest game stats but think i may have made a mistake backing juventus	2
happy th from the studykas pomona fairplex	1
tfi friday . chris evans has a yellow mr happy tshirt on tonight . we re al chanting for my namesake tonight	0
right well . merlin i ll be checking on you um . . . tomorrow . please have clothes on .	0
me rn cause calibraska comes out tomorrow in the u .s .	0
joe biden here s my thinking on the race c mon joe ! run ! we need the laughs .	0
berlusconi is not impressed by the th position of milan on the table and he is expecting rd place at least . mn	2
it just started last night . meryl streep u s daughter is the main character ie meredith st episode was quite good .	1
 instagood food yankees hit hrs in run nd inning beat red sox and leave fenway with series victory	0
rt my sons were watching mtv the other night . looked like an absolute freak show . what happened to hank williams johnn . . .	2
i miss nabeel and his voice and his accent and i cant wait till he calls tomorrow and and and im blabbering	1
what a wimp hulk hogan is for apologizing after making remarks about blacks then apologizing .on don says saturday at	2
ant man tomorrow . looking forward to it but some asshole ruined it for me .	2
imaaa get it tomorrow . 	1
straight outta compton come for the great first act stay for ice cube writing friday on his laptop saying i m killing this screenplay ! 	0
black actresses shine at the th annual elle magazine women in hollywood celebration octavia spencer u c viola davis and	1
it may be because i m listening to the gopdebate on the radio but bobby jindal sounds like kermit the frog . i like him though .	2
at least november starts among qbs u c tony romo has the best winning in nfl history . he isn u t the problem !	1
 ngsgigpick just had a special moment a duet between amp on the st night of mr hugo race s australian tour .	1
if you like la leyenda and duelo listen and download my recent mix !	1
ideal weekend getaways with raksha bandhan and independence day falling on saturday and monday this time it ma . . .	0
bloody sunday was terrible . and yes the ira killed innocent musicians . i forgive . but i want justice .	2
icymi the failure of google a round up of interesting technology related links you may have missed over t . . .	2
in honor of national hot dog day on july . i advise you to forget this article before you eat your half dozen .	0
 page paper due tomorrow and what am i doing with my time ? watching the animal planet . weeeeeee	1
season in the sun versi nirvana rancak gak . .slow rockkk . . .	1
keva run tomorrow with young life ! ! ! ! !	1
last day of work at walgreens tomorrow ! cries tears of joy 	1
son if deandre learned anything more than dunking .he could be the rd best center in the league . brook lopez u s rebound numbers hold him back	1
more specifically it tells you that you have an unconscious bias against muslims and may judge them unfairly .	0
yes we celebrate sant ambrogio in milan it s on dec th . and you know ? sant ambrogio was from germany 	1
today republicans might hate obama s health care law but fighting the details is tough .	0
visiting mariyln tomorrow with thor then lunch with nana and thor ! 	1
i remember st seeing veldheer the senior bowl thinking this kid can ball . fortunately we got him	1
wine drunk on a monday and watching game of thrones with my mother . what is tonight	0
does anyone want to come with me to see ted nugent speak at freedom hall tomorrow . it u s free	0
it s saturday ! ! ! bring on the foo fighters tonight ! ! !	1
might be going to the seaholm powderpuff tomorrow	0
may allah give strength to our syrian brothers n sisters . islam will arise again . i believe . i hate basyar assad for what he did .	2
just dont tell anyone dont want that kind of rep ! lol . last thing its friday tgif u streaming later today ?	1
i can face college tomorrow as long as i know i ll always have the comfort of shawn s songs . . even if i m alone	1
is it at all possible for you to hook me up with ed sheeran tickets for september th ? he is my favourite ! thanks !	1
photoset for the adorable and loveable man u c song joongki u c happy th birthday ! despite your looks not . . .	1
gonna be on the news tomorrow . i u m going to be the girl wearing the big time rush shirt . d	0
marnin ! started my day with sun salutes yoga position that sounds like a cocktail amp a foam roll gym equipment that sounds like cake 	1
if you re chuck norris that may be enough . for the rest at least concealed carry .	0
it s . a .m . here in italy now tomorrow other amazing photos for you ! night ! d	1
it s friday . why aren t you looking at hulk hogan s to see him individually thank black people who say he isn t racist ?	2
perfect day at peover park yesterday . lots of fun sun and more dogs than crufts . nice man bought knutsford bear from khc stand .	1
no shit . trump will have a field day tomorrow . lt lt lt popcorn ready	0
as per record rahul gandhi is wrong . may got record corrected and present it before india .	0
perfect timing on this milan ! got tickets for the new star wars movie yet ? may the force be with you !	1
in manhattan ? please bring food batteries to the homeless residents of rfk apt east th st sandyvolunteer	1
might as well get the djokovic vs federer final on sunday going even if murray was still in the field . just seems destined for that .	0
spain summons argentine ambassador in oil dispute spain warned argentina on friday it risks becoming an . . .	2
he s a has been . one season wonder like kane . he ll be gone come the end of the season when chelsea finish th again .	2
he was like david abbott s edgier younger brother . the elvis costello to david abbott s george harrison if i may .	1
my sister turned last tuesday and taylor swift just tried to sue my family	0
i may or may not have freightened a large number of l .a . residents merely by making eye contact with them in the past hours .	2
agree ron . . . . . john kasich will get the chat after its all said and done ! carly ferino will get the chat frm the st debate	1
u brother ! all of the men who preach every sunday deserve a great day of rest afterwards !	1
july rd is national hot dog day celebrate this day by biting into a delicious hotdog ! foodie hotdog	1
delicious grilled cheese with ham cooked in sun dried tomato u c parmesan garlic oil from olive that in montclair	1
meek mill dissed future too ? nicki may as well start giving him an allowance cause it s all over .	0
 tech news motorola lets you trade in your old moto g moto e for the new rd gen moto g ibnlive	0
eid was on the th which was supposedly in bradford right ? ?	0
rt republicans spawned teabaggers who are proud global terrorists they trashed the world economies today including us . . .	2
i nd your word prestitute for our press the way they covered yakub case vs ntnl hero kalam shame	2
tv guide added apple watch may be one of my worser ideas but let s be honest i d do it again .	0
 rd time seeing kendrick and he never fails to disappoint	1
so from what i understand from the mckew news . . . it turns out gillard may have challenged rudd for the alp leadership . . .	0
what time nige ? may come down with niall and cheer you on .	0
i wonder if the daily rancid will be running a front page tomorrow on the bigot fest at ibrox . or are they only worried about ira tweets ?	2
tgif for me even tho it s thursday . can t wait for this much needed time off !	1
why did i just hear some car driving slowly down th street blarring . . . . . . . . . . . . . . elvis presley ?	2
friday to jack in the box then party at her house . saturday go to the park and live up the yolo life xd . sunday watch movies c 	0
cool thing about being in college is you can go get ihop and starbs then jam to some jb on a wednesday at and it s not weird .	1
december surviving the end of the semester seeing humans i like drafting a script amp getting over my fear of my david bowie .	1
 yakubtohang breaking news president studying yakub s mercy plea .says he doesnt want to decide in haste .needs time .hanging may not happen	0
lawyers argue that yakub filed mercy plea st time on wednesday .so he shd get days time before hanging .	0
teen mom comes back monday . still not as good as the first teen mom tho . . .	2
bernie sanders may never fill the gap between his teeth but he will fill the gap between the rich and poor with a booming middle class .	1
be on the lookout for lmd s table and banner at the comcast center this friday for the terps exhibition game ! lmd	0
i just saw last monday night raw now and came and made seth rollins and the authority shut the hell up love it nevergiveup wwe	1
tuesday night is bogo free pizza ! ! can t beat that . see you for dinner ! ! ! brickhouse pizzeria and grill	1
how many days does it take for frank ocean to drop his album ? the world may never know . . .	0
 st of august and still wondering where zayn is i hope he s okay	0
david wright should play tonight and tomorrow with st . lucie . wright will be off on sunday . he will rejoin the mets on monday .	0
cosatu will be holding alliance rally on the th of october at rustenburg north west accelerate the implementation of marikana	1
tannehill may join quinn and rodgers u c slide out of top texas a m u s ryan tannehill will be the third quarterb . . .	0
hopefully going to go see romeo santos with catherine on december woot woot d u c 	1
going to see estelle sat in washington u c dc at dar constitution hall ! check out the tour dates here 	0
janet jackson cut a low key figure as she touched down at lax airport on tuesday while flanked by a mass of security guards . she is set to	0
is there any improvement in the european weather . i need sun and heat . i have developed webbed feet here in scotland !	0
e books in us prices rise due to deal big publishers with amazon sales down . jan jun v	2
don t do it ! he won t respect you ! rt boehner asks obama to move speech to thursday	2
ash wednesday is always hard for me u c any day focused around ash on your body brings back bad memories for me .	2
samsung s galaxy note and s edge arrives september what it will cost you outright or with telstra optus	1
fleetwood mac are responsible for some of the best songs ever recorded . come see them performed this saturday by the world turning revue !	1
my friday consists of netflix and hot tea allllllllll day long .	0
our se member the alresford community choir to share the stage with brit award winning on sep how exciting !	1
wrapping up our tuesday we have a robin lead . . . . bee gees with saved by the bell	1
how the hell does every one else get to keep their religious and st amnt rights except christians ! ! ! this is just wrong ! ! !	2
i have one question if i may ask . when you did that promo of calling hulk hogan the n word . did you go to him and apologize ?	0
john cena ! ! for the th time ! summerslam titlevstitle	1
in other related news u c you know there u s no parks tomorrow ?	2
the coast guard station port o connor boatcrews had a busy day friday with two search and rescue operations .	0
premier league team of the week van persie makes cut for th time this season as szczesny u c a . . . football soccer	0
it may just be the crowd but i ve enjoyed john kasich tonight	1
did you know that israel was trending topic on friday for hours in pakistan ? trndnl	0
sue and i the last tuesday s have seen the judge gone girl equalizer and walk through the tombstones .	0
ava frye live at venice beach house of the rising sun via	1
parker u c leonard steal okc u s thunder ninety minutes before tipoff thursday night at the at t center u c oklahoma ci . . .	2
why did you make weak statements about govt persecution of kim davis ? s court illegally ruled on gay marriage trump !	2
i just realized . after the whole slow mo march of t . swift and her squad in bad blood all she and selena did was slap each other ?	0
i wonder if de gea was sat in his car in the real madrid car park waiting for a transfer odemwingie style	0
paul dunne is going to be so nervous tomorrow awesome he s in that position though . hope he has a chance to win late tomorrow !	1
congrats to on his th on sunday he grants his st when he lets seth rollins pretend to be a main eventer kayfabe	1
and if buddy love shows up angelina jolie madonna and sandra bullock may wake up in a bed with a black male they didn t adopt . 	2
tomorrow morning am advanced core and sculpt with hillary ! although it says advanced all levels are welcome !	1
who wants to go with me to a chris brown kid ink omarion concert this thursday ? i have tickets	0
my husband company is bring you all some much needed gas ! ! ! he should be there sometime tomorrow afternoon from fl .	1
picking up my car today big brother is on tonight season premiere of the league not bad for a wednesday	1
get to dunkin for early saturday breakfast and sign on the door says am opening . . .	0
just found a banda machine . may need it come george osborne s november spending review . . .	1
oh poo ! haven t got my tix for chelsea flower show nxt year . st time in yrs hope they re not turning it too corporate cfs	2
good morning happy saturday miss briana . hope you are having fun wherever you happen to be . thank you for being you always .	1
delicious warm sun . . .great to see you if only briefly after hurricane sandy whipped through here a couple hours ago .	1
vikings th ranked run game vs lions th ranked run defense . need the o line and asiata and mckinnon to shine .	0
i may have let you down mtvstars lady gaga	0
rt the take on canada tonight pm est in a warm up before the rugby world cup if you have direct tv . . . ht . . .	0
i challenge katie to stick pins in my eyes tomorrow . i dare you .	0
rahul dravid joining commentary team for the st time . . .its the best moment of this test match d	1
i seriously might just take the fam to disneyland right now and come back in time for work tomorrow . got a stack why not ?	1
if it makes you feel any better i m going to see ed sheeran tomorrow	1
christmas may be over but it s never too late to buy ya girl some justin bieber tickets 	1
 nd left in tory cabinet now i have seen it all	0
boko haram may well be on the run . yet idriss deby s claim that shekau has been replaced by mahamet daoud is subjec to confirmation .	0
yesterday is the day the atomic bomb in japan . i embarrassed as a japanese was a moment of silence for the first time .	2
yeah i m going to ihop tomorrow . i ll walk if it comes down to that .	1
 july the last films of the evening are ant man a and magic mike xxl . both films start pm sharp .	1
hoda kotb tears up about frank gifford on today hoda kotb opened monday s a .m . hour of the to . . . business	0
i remember this one weekend i had seen fat nick n pouya on friday disneyland on saturday and the beach w my friends on sunday lit	0
that ride along with les miles was the most awkward piece of television ever . nd place is this hello piece .	2
 angela merkel stars in lesbian magazine ad wednesday sees the launch of new magazine straight aimed at g . . .	0
he won t be a legend by may when we don t get top and he ends up sacked like seedorf at milan	2
september at the chateau marmont in west hollywood	0
 wwe wrestlingnews wwe raw preview september taping seth rollins s feud with john ce . . . wrestling wwenews	0
is paul george gonna take the t mac step in his rd year ? hope so	1
west yorkshire police cps have advised danny care he will not be charged in relation to alleged sexual assault in leeds on march .	1
dustin johnson hasn t recovered since saturday at the open championship . absolute head case right now	0
if you aren t going to jason aldean tomorrow what are you even doing with your life ?	0
i saw the foo fighters for the th time last saturday . . what s your favorite foo album ? ? ?	1
 by the time you conjure the record you might notice a change in atmosphere u cthat u s fine u cwhatever may be u cis probably related to the record	0
i want to be batman on halloween w but i m going to be busy on that day even when it s a saturday tt tt	0
replace rousey v . tate iii and add rousey v . chris justino all due respect i don t want to see tate get beat for a rd time .	2
you know go set a watchman is not being released until tomorrow ? really did not appreciate the spoiler on your website .	2
friday nite after the dwc reading raided sound garden . . . dvds a cd ! cruising home raphael sadiq . friday note in cny .	0
gareth bale has warned his side not to take norwich city lightly as the two sides prepare to battle in the capital one cup on wednesday .	0
john kasich came to my house when i was little amp had me stand beside him in the photo when my class visited d .c . in th grade . yep .	0
tom brady th round pick aaron rodgers played at a community college cus he didn t get a d offer . nuts	0
 andy x revised expectations for arsenal after st month of season at the outset of the sea . . . andy x 	1
murray now down a set a breaks in the nd set anderson up usopen 	0
malaysia s airasia x to suspend iran service afp the long haul arm of budget carrier airasia said monday it w . . .	0
smh . . .preseason injuries . .thee . worst . you know jr smith is in a boot ? he was fine on monday . what the hell did he do to get that ?	2
i u m delighted that tina fey and amy poehler are hosting the golden globes . how am i supposed to wait until january ? wantthistohappennow	0
anne hathaway hid her pregnancy so well ppl just found out she s in her nd trimester . if briana is so private why couldn t she do the same ?	0
should i translate this explanation of rd nullifier of islam by sulayman al alwan whoever does not make takfir on the mushrikin 	0
echo sex offender is warned he may face jail over offences dorset	2
google to kill single most annoying thing about browsing the web august cnnmoney	1
a watch the apple event despite having little interest in what may be announced or b keep working catch highlights later leaning a 	0
i know me too . this was the kakkest fake monday ever . it could have been worse . . . it could have had a photo of caitlyn jenner	2
seen a advert for today s saturday kitchen . . . chris evans looks like he s just come out of a ket gaff from saturday ! the shuffling twat	2
 ps launch games wed love to see . these are our hopes dreams sony u c be gentle with them opm a new console . . .	1
goin make my first trip of the season to rupp on monday !	0
we u re on the road to wembleyyyyyyy . may as well start organising the trip ay . kings of england u c norwich city .	0
i m eligible for an upgrade next monday . hopefully the new iphone drops next friday so i can go straight to verizon after work .	1
here s a preview of the new iron maiden double album the book of souls due september th . rockfileradio . . .	0
is it sad that if i didn t have pom on thursday i would go and see catelynn and tyler from teen mom speak ?	2
monday final ratings the voice amp dancing with the stars adjusted up the big bang theory amp castle adj . . .	0
monday s wrath with a rousey mask on	0
kim kardashian strikes gold w kimoji app lands no . spot apple said tuesday it is tough enough for kim kar . . .	1
what s annoying is that the one i pre ordered just came today . . .steve jobs just looted my card .	2
panthers vs . packers breaking down carolina s game plan on sunday the panthers head to green bay to take on . . .	0
set kanye west up w the perfect opportunity to rebound from the taylor swift shenanigans amp instead he sat on the ball amp spinned . unreal	0
go for moto g nd gen amazing phone with no bugs smooth performance and elegant look	1
 mlbfantasy rusney castillo provided all five red sox runs in monday s victory over the white sox finishing for .	0
seems you need a new tv if you didn t see saraki with the president at a meeting and at eid prayers !	0
i u ll be at lax tomorrow . if you u re still there i u ll bring in n out	0
dr . mohamed morsi announced as egypt u s st elected president after the glorious th of jan revolution . congratulations to egypt ! 	1
 report president buhari will visit cameroun on wednesday . he will hold talks with president biya on the issue of boko haram 	1
any of you playing twilight tomorrow night ? i ll be there with amp folks golow	0
did you see carly fiorina is in th in iowa pts out of second ? maybe the non top still had a shot ?	1
note that it was kurdish pol movement on june dashed erdogan s dreams introduce an executive presidential system	0
kim kardashian s maiden family outing with son los angeles dec reality tv star kim kardashian has stepp . . .	0
also need to be at least accredated in act or rebt before the end of th yr .	0
february th desperation day u c it u s a thing	0
we make a million of beats cause our stories is deep . and fuck tomorrow as long as the night before was sweet . jay z	1
bentley volleyball falls in home opener to convent sf . tomorrow is a new day keep improving . gophoenix ontherise bentleyvolleyballl	0
at chayas on tuesday me courtney callum and carl all cabbaged on the couch to sleep and courtney had a spasm cos she dreamt that she u d fell	0
for the nd time i have been charged for something i wasnt made aware of . person on the phone didn t care .	2
if justin and shawn don t unite tomorrow i will kill myself it s been too long how have they not met yet	2
yeah murray st nd sproles for the rd down td lol	1
starting friday on a great note . just saw montage of heck . i love the fact that nirvana was my generation . nirvana	1
tomorrow afternoon ! ventura is daily . hopefully it will contain a ton of returns !	1
it s my th birthday tonight ! ! and i m ready to rock at roskilde festival ! bring your a game ! 	1
it may be a giant leap for cable net reelz but the miss usa pageant took a few steps backward on sunday night . . . .	0
tony blair s hasty folly in iraq you have to admire the chutzpah coming from the war s biggest cheerleader	0
someone come see amy schumer with me in june	0
this is like the pictures from harry potter	0
great job for getting two cars in a hotel conference room on the th floor at sxsw ! iaprsa 	1
louiss . ! ! now you re old th . ! ! and now you want have a little baby from briana ! ohh my fuckk ! my baddream ! ! selamatulangtahunlouis	2
no good deed equalizer last week annabelle friday we saw addicted now today going to see gone girl . . .	0
i honestly think napoli will take th then it s just a free for all between the likes of milan fiorentina torino samp genoa the veronas	0
hear ma seh tweeps the place to be on december th is the ultimate vintage enuh ! ! ! at the one and only oneil u s place ! ! ting ago slap weh !	0
i d love that ! hmu sometime this week i ll dm you my number . i ll be in summersville tomorrow though .	1
looper was amazing ! ! ! now to the theatre to see simon callow u s u the mystery of charles dickens u . . .loving my wednesday off work 	1
i m going to celtic thunder at f . m . kirby center in wilkes barre pa oct 	0
win tickets right now for their impressive d enhanced performance at the kirby center this tuesday 	1
my predictions for the apple event apple have bought tesla uber and google cars as of tomorrow car ownership is now a thing of the past .	1
i miss our go to dunkin after work on friday night and complain about customers and work sessions at dunkin	0
photos rock of ages kicks off the th season at the adrienne arsht center	0
my reaction when i found out dean ambrose was going to be on twitter and doing a q amp a tomorrow ! ! lunaticfringe	0
 tiffany will be one of the mcs along with cnblue u s yonghwa and beast u s gikwang for sbs kpop super concert on november . 	0
brit award winning pop star mika is set to return with his brand new album the origin of love u c released on island records on september .	0
 bmth pvris tickets sam smith to finland happy mutuals nail both of the presentations tomorrow ! ! !	1
good luck to gary wilson of wgc playing in the volvo matchplay competition at bristol clifton gc on thu october .	1
on the day of prince george s nd birthday don t you think my nearly year old looks like him ? !	0
gary ablett wins the aflpa mvp for the th time in his career . he should have started his speech with yeah u c i u d . . .	1
hear the new iron maiden record book of souls thurs sep rd pm amp be entered to win the entire maiden catalog !	0
heroes ! well almost . these four lucky residents scored gigs in ant man . check out the story tomorrow !	1
if tonight s yougov shows another tory lead then ed miliband is in big trouble saveed would be th poll in last few days with a tory lead	0
my job is actually now ! i will celebrate with dunkin donuts tomorrow . . you re welcome for the free advertising btw	1
do you not find it a little wierd that in many places where there are black madonna s black people may experience racism .	0
t mobile announced a new built in feature on thursday that offers video calls to users who don t want to download . . .	1
should the sunday tradinglaw be a thing of the past ? george osborne thinks so	0
the announcement . . . was made on social media platform google in april with the news quickly spreading to other channels today .	0
thor said thursday during press conf that he had tricks up his sleeve for tonight . it was the warthen slider he relied on it heavily ip 	0
noooooo ! i was hoping to see zlatan being zlatan in tuesday ! oh well still looking forward to the match .	0
i want to have a star wars party for my st	1
those of us in the christian faith understand we are called to be christians in every area of life not just on sunday 	0
please may you favourite this if you think i actually look like caitlyn jenner ?	0
wednesday adams is my spirit animal she only got that bitch face cause she mad about her forehead	2
yup . and did you watch degrassi from friday yet ? looool awkward campbell	2
i may not be a lot of things but i can write songs and i can sing . lady gaga just showed the world that she fucking owns herself . yes .	1
i enjoyed a day of fun in the sun with this beautiful lady today . in the words of ice cube today was a good day . 	1
early finish tomorrow . . getting my bike out if it don u t rain . . .then sky fall . . and lots of beers on saturday . . . rest sunday . . . good weekend !	1
ex soldier arrested over bloody sunday . sure he will get a letter of immunity like the ira killers from same era . . . . . . not	2
 dragmedownmusicvideo trying to imagine the video but can t just thinking that tomorrow i ll see there first music video without zayn . . .	2
so seth rollins wins the u .s . title just to vacate it tomorrow ? summerslam	0
hope solo would make it to the nd round then make rousey s head explode with a death stare	0
here are the five capital one cup matches tonight and some potential upsets on the cards swindon to beat aston villa ?	0
disappointing end to the match for isner . would ve liked to see a rd set tiebreak but federer is a robot . he s ridiculous .	2
cardiff for some beers tonight and london for beers tomorrow night before we fly out to milan on friday let s get packing !	1
brutal review in the white sox red sox game . he should be safe at rd but he did technically kinda sorta come off the base	0
i heard amp may have been in the office doing research on caitlyn jenner	0
someome should take me to the movies tomorrow or wednesday to see paper towns .	0
tomorrow is pitbull awareness day ! help us change the perception so many people have about this wonderful breed .	1
while the met may not be perfect why don t you piss off to somewhere like mexico city if you don t like it ! ! ? ? tottenham	2
the asian girls in the swim suit section for miss usa are the ones with the worse bodies c mon now gt gt itsmissusa cantyouworkoutmore	2
my mom just came in to my room sat down on my bed and with a straight face said tina days until we see ed sheeran . . what do i wear ? ! 	0
thank you for great share . you may like to re share ibm marketing amp comms jobs w your network .	1
government acted humanely in yakub s hanging ensured peace rss new delhi the rss on saturday said the hang . . .	0
on saturday night live set today with amy schumer !	1
hi there . sorry for the late revert . on the behalf of ira . i am here to assist you . may i know y . . .	0
hello world n welcome to monday nite raw startin things off the apex predator himself . . . randy orton . raw	0
the cake is a lie ! and read may have been the wrong word . maybe moved to nirvana would fit better .	0
if i m dustin johnson i wouldn t care about my sunday meltdowns going home to paulina . sheesh	2
but nicki dissed her first n threw the st shots all d while copying her	0
national hot dog day is this thursday ! bleachers taproom is giving you two hot dogs and a pint for from pm ! dogs and baseball !	1
so i thought yesterday was tuesday . i u m thinking today will be a little like the movie ground hog day .	0
 a single vehicle crash early sunday morning claimed the life of a selma teen . james brandon banks u c u c was . . .	2
 naruto i think it may be a bad idea to continue unless you really want me to . 	0
would you be upset if arsenal finish nd ?	0
wow ! big hours for st named miss usa now is named a starter for the mlb all star game ! ! tulsa	1
it u s howard webb . bookies aren u t giving odds on that . what are the odds that man u will get a penalty on saturday ? refereeunited	2
singing taylor swift at a karaoke bar may be the best date idea ever afterparadise bachelorinparadise	1
i can u t wait for the sunderland vs newcastle u c rd best derby in england u c after manchester and north london derby . i u d prefer a newcastle win	1
happy birthday niall for the th ! have an amazing day ! !	1
mikasa drawing updated and finished i think . gonna give it to my coworker on wednesday hope she likes it .	1
the crown inn lechlade summer beer festival starts tonight ! amp don t miss lechlade cricket club big car boot sale on monday at pm	0
apple has major changes in store for the apple watch via waiting on nd gen . . .	1
dark souls is pretty much near the bottom of the list for me to finish along with many many rpgs gotta get thru short ones st	2
next monday i m gonna have a bob marley sticker just to fuck with her	0
i hope the servers for the new naruto game are great . cause the rd s game server sucks ass	2
who do you have this saturday udub or ducks	0
it s a sunday afternoon in the small church going town of covington . i look like trash and thor s hungover . cue the judgemental stares .	2
really hope chelsea start baba instead of ivanovic on saturday he s literally aged about years over the summer	2
obama what a coup for islam and the left . the race wars in the us are getting closer and a rd term for obumma	0
traveling the whole circuit ? cleveland can be pretty dismal in march . . . .unless you re drinking w me for my bday on st pattys	2
this week marks the th anniversary of the death of elvis presley . elvis died in memphis on august at . . .	0
 . stardust as gollum undertaker as sauron kane as the witch king the ascension as uruk hai wyatts as the ring wraiths c mon .	0
ohmygod when mackelmore sat down shawn went up to him all nervous and said hi nice to meet you im shawn mendes thats so cute	1
champion of the earth frank warren already looking into the unification possibilities u c may put her in with chisora first !	0
one time i sat next to rick santorum and i swear i was polite the whole time	0
what if caitlyn jenner is actually the worlds ultimate april fools joke ?	0
wanna go see legally blonde at north at on saturday ? i told your mom already but i need to make sure they have tickets if ya want	0
pga awards tv nominations include better call saul mad men and inside amy schumer on tuesday the . . . tvupdate	1
twins home opener is against the white sox on monday . off day follows then games on and .	0
i u ve been on tv a few times now . still waiting for the call from itv about dancing on ice though . starting to think i may be too famous .	2
anytime you even mention the thursday night nfl game that is the definition of am give up	0
tsipras told merkel greece amp lenders proceeded on basis of july agreement spoke with hollande amp juncker who were v positive about deal	0
i m going to do some dark souls challenges . tomorrow you ll get a challenge set to me by but i need a challenge cont . . . 	0
exciting game fri nite wildcat football . . .not ur fault it was not a win . . .mayb this wk . . .go cats	1
i m sure i m not the st to mention frank gifford s contribution to literature the catalyst in exley s a fan s notes . 	0
tomorrow knicks vs heat it gonna be tough game carmelo anthony u c tyson chandler and jason kidd vs lebron james u c dwayne wade and chris bosh	0
unlock your door from your wrist with august smart lock for apple watch applewatch apps	1
 am and we ve got us open drama colbert s debut and messi just scored a sick goal for argentina . all live st run now .	1
today is the day . as bob marley put it the sun is shining . see you at 	1
im going right to hollywood tans on st walnut today . . . right after school !	1
im glad you re having a good time in cleveland sweetie ! awsome that u will watch melodifestivalen with us tomorrow ! xo	1
an amazon delivery on a sunday is as unpredictable as arsenal on transfer deadline day .	2
who wants to see the naruto movie with me in october	0
seriously cannot wait to see josh hamilton play monday . favorite player in the game .	1
in a bad mood . so lemme hit you with a spoiler twofer tuesday han dies thor is peter quill s father have fun at the movies !	2
gibson bulls agree to year m extension chicago bulls forward taj gibson said wednesday night he agreed t . . .	1
c mon art . . . you know you want to go watch a conor mcgregor or rhonda rousey fight . . . dmtalk	1
kinder morgan foundation grants of for education are due the th of each month .	0
hope i see my champ d best in d wwe mr rko randy orton on wwe monday raw tonight	1
only more episodes left to watch of dexter series ! d pay day next monday definatly gonna purchase series ! !	1
the two companies announced a partnership monday aimed at making ios devices and apps more compatible with . . . ff	1
i don t even feel like going to lcc on saturday .	2
don t make me come back up there now with me heater ass and kim kardashian your ass into next black friday . slut	2
hillary and chelsea are beautiful women . may god continue to bless you president clinton .	1
my first time hearing black friday was yesterday . . kendrick and cole both murdered it	2
atletico madrid keeping tabs on petr cech and are weighing up a january bid for the chelsea goalkeeper	0
happy friday ! we do believe in magic ? what about you ?	1
movies with milan edge of tomorrow with tom cruise star wars and more rt follow hhn 	1
made a shitty family guy gif last night out of boredom . gonna post it on tumblr .	2
this thurs . college night at xclusive first ppl with college id after that make it your move to be there	0
 lone wolfs in the us the ira when did they last bomb the uk ? the terrorists may kill s but your ilk are the real danger	2
in greenville for the night clemson tomorrow !	0
escape the room this weekend rd row phillies next weekend jason aldean aug if i can win tickets ! birthdaymonth	1
come see us tonight at eldora speedway for the th annual kings royal ! this afternoon starting at p .m . is . . .	1
we u re in the studio working on the new album and it sounds epic . we may as well pick up our brit award now u c tbh .	1
up at today djing till o u clock tomorrow morning u c up at am for a magazine shoot then straight up to liverpool for the mobos zzzzzzzz	0
from december th to january th . nyc until the st u c nc and then fl .	0
trying to do a pick up pre order for the th anniversary ps controller but it won t let me . is it online only now ?	0
jurassic park is back ! new trailer for the th movie jurassic world 	1
its official . . . .selected to play in the senior bowl game in mexico december . now i just need a few conflicts to go my way . winnning	0
wcw guys will not win wwe world title . .sting deserves it but wwe still think it s a monday night war	0
i just hope that sandy goes away before november because if she doesn t then vips in nj probably have to cancel the nj concert c	2
i may be late but drake s live show has grown from the first time i saw him during the tml run to his club paradise tour .	1
it u s november so you know what that means . you u ll see valentine u s day stuff at walmart soon . celebratetherightholiday	1
in wisconsin gov . scott walker r may not have million for education . . . . . . but he does have million . . .	0
mid feb at the moment . i u m hoping it arrives before chinese new year !	0
if kanye became president folk that wrote off the masonic illuminati symbols in he and jay z s music vids as meaningless may think again !	1
ease of use may be invisible but it s absence sure isn t ibm	0
i may as well be naruto with how much i like ramen .	1
we u re not sure if pottstown is having halloween . borough hall phone is out of order . nearby limerick u c pa having it fri .	2
if it wasnt for scooter may be there wont be purpose or worse there wont be a justin bieber anymore .	0
i certainly wouldn u t be spending my hard earnt taking the kids to see say shels nd xi v us u c clubs will fold no doubt	2
miss usa tomorrow is either going to be the most watched show in years or the least watched show in years .	0
having a cinema day tomorrow to watch inside out and paper towns	0
trying to keep up with scott walker s position on the issue of the th amendment is about as easy as herding cats .	2
dustin johnson again proves he may be best golfer on the planet on thursday friday and saturday . . . just not good when matters most . sunday .	1
 trayvon my daily tweet in memory of trayvon martin killed days ago . may you rest in peace praying and hoping for the family 	0
fifa sunday ! psg or barca all the way	1
fireworks finale at the san diego county fair at del mar . video from my phone 	0
 on march th it s the international women s day .first day of may has the same holiday as you yaaay .victory s day is on 	1
watching inside amy schumer for the st time . she s funny sassy smart beautiful . . . amp sleeps with a teddy bear in one sketch . i m hooked .	1
and the bellamilano winter sun shines with equal gusto on every thing milan italy	0
def goin to see that kevin hart in the movies sept .	1
had a great day on set of my new show on fox morningmarketplace . it premieres monday during sweeps . . . fingers crossed ! rva	1
are you ready for this sunday night when wwe champion john cena defends his title ?	1
man u c i am going to change my vote based on axl rose u s opinion said no one ever . politico c u mon man	0
the game st album song he say he rap like eazy e then nas then cent then dr dre then jay z then eazy e again then like his dead bro	1
dude i swear friday i was going to go take you to ihop but danny had to go home cus he was in pain	0
they are rereleasing deadpool on xbox one and ps on november th . would i buy it again ? yeah .	1
here it s over eid on friday th day no eid	0
i m so happy i m going to see paper towns tomorrow !	1
barbie s belated fashion chat from paris fashion week will go up on the blog tomorrow . it s as hilarious as karl s new hula hoop it bag . 	1
the liberal left is very intolerant of christians the libs want to destroy our rights like the nd amend along with our religion	2
i may not be a fan of the boy scout john cena character but the work he does in real for terminally ill kids is really special .	1
dark times by the weekend and ed sheeran may be the best song i ve heard in a while .	1
we re getting ready for way to st . patty s day ! we ll see you saturday starting at . the unlucky charms play at !	0
don t wanna be an italian idiot . thanks for tonight turin you were badass see ya tomorrow milan	1
in other news . . . they u re announcing the houston rodeo lineup on the th .	0
i m going to calle ocho tomorrow . i ll air mail you some !	0
tomorrow night we play david bowie music at the inauguration of his famous exhibition in the groninger museum . . .	1
tomorrow is national ice cream day . . . don t you wish you had this adorable banner to celebrate ? ?	1
i m home alone watching the big brother live feeds on a saturday night killingit bb 	1
how do you say u c delicious ! ! in spanish ? riogrind is gonna have hanging out on saturday . latin fever !	1
that tweet is from the charlie hebdo attack in january not this one .	0
ohhh ! i m gonna be getting back into it on ps on th think i should start fresh though as i ve not played in ages .	1
there s a couple here the rd row from the stage wearing a tux and long white dress . . . for ac dc . . . lol ok .	1
ur terrorist is going to be hanged tomorrow yakub . stop sending terrorist u failed nation ! !	2
let the chips fall where they may ice cube	1
festivus is back this year with a new look . it is now festivus twilight and will be on the january from pm to . . .	1
happy monday ! do you want younger flawless looking skin ? you must try younique s skin care line ! start seeing . . .	1
that picture was a gathering after the charlie hebdo attacks from january .	0
so i have to wait until the th for the taken king on xbox ? this some bullshit	2
i still think it was fake . i always thought nicki to be the type to call you out on a random tuesday not at an awards show	2
ios developer th bangkok market rate my client is the larges . . .	0
i would if i did not have school tomorrow but if you ever need one at day time you can count on me to . p .s xbox gt dhg proxelite	1
i ve provisionally decided to see the ladykillers singin in the rain godfather when harry met sally for the sun of ifi open weekend .	1
good weekend to have gotten the sunday nyt . reading gradually through discovered st season bomb girls is on reelz starting this weekend .	1
you can access sunday ticket inside the nfl app on xbox one .	1
ryan u s going to amsterdam tomorrow wahhh but who the fuck even goes there	2
bruce jenner may have however caitlyn jenner is teaching some amp reminding others about humanism amp compassion . iamcait	0
angela merkel and a palestinian asylum seeker get civilized islam ! stop crowding our world with your barbaric ways .	2
i gots to make vanilla fudge tomorrow	0
ac dc tonight . . .one direction on saturday lets get itttttt bigosbumping	1
open open on the th of july carrefour you r doing it right milan italy	1
caitlyn jenner may face manslaughter charges good she manslaughtered her penis brandon	2
this reality series about ballet west premieres in weeks may st . check your local listings or visit the . . .	0
sunday night with mariah carey greatest hits album several bottles of heineken and okcupid . . . .	1
yep it s happening ! come watch magic mike xxl this friday at pm and start your labor weekend off right !	1
david beckham slams the daily mail over parenting criticism and more celeb news you may have missed starbuzz	0
 shithappens ted finished up watching ted going be a great sunday .	1
we need trump we may be past the point of recovery we are falling apart	0
can i just go to disneyland for my st or is that super lame lol	1
it s ok you can do it friday so it can be fresh for milan party	0
oh . i may have been watching a marathon of who do you think you are on tlc . wasn t paying attention to twitter . good for nicki !	1
uk members you may be interested in this evening s bbc documentary on the history of surveyors	1
lovin the presidential debate shea weber just leveled evgeni malkin u c i may be on the wrong channel . z hkp cd	1
lets just go protest tomorrow spread to our pirate brothers ! we did it with sopa lets tey it again 	1
great nd screen analysis ! can i brief you on jinni semantic discovery smart social recommendations ? going to ces ?	1
monday was the labor day holiday . we are catching up with the tons of trash that didn t get picked up .	2
white sox take game one of the series in their throwback uniforms . blog to come tomorrow ! gomariners	1
you know you are desperate of answer when you see the nd page of google .	2
start off laborday with some yoga . monday am am beginner intermediate yoga what a . . .	0
is it friday yet ? i m so ready for jason aldean !	1
the land before time is on netflix . . .i may cry with happy tears	1
arrived in split today . lakes were amazing . off to hvar tomorrow . will keep you updated 	1
awwww . . .i miss the st batch of big brother when i saw nene . . .my god its been all ages already ! pbb years	0
promised to take my niece to ac dc tomorrow . soooo not in the mood now .	2
so i m really not happy with the fact that i have to wait till january to play mgo on pc . i ll be picking it up on ps as well .	2
guysss is it true that selena s album is gonna be released on november th omggg	1
it s quite funny to see ios developers taking advantage of the new ugmonk th anniversary set !	0
just dance by lady gaga brings the th grader in me back to life	1
i feel like sam smith may be the reincarnation of jesus christ	1
missed on bbcqt last night blaming tony blair for july attacks ? watch it again here 	0
tomorrow marks years since hulk hogan lost to brock lesnar on the august th episode of smackdown !	0
day off yesterday wheww may time din at napanood ang unofficially yours at segunda mano .	0
watching monday night football with don meredith howard cosell and frank gifford was the best sportscasting of all time .	1
hey la music folks . you going to hardsummer aug losangeles u most significant music festival . go destructo !	1
the giants will fly out to kansas city to face the royals in the world series starting on tues . both teams are white hot at the moment .	1
sonia rahul gandhi may not seek bail in nationalheraldcase sourcestoi . wow then he going jail and this is goldenday for all indians 	0
not the right place but jews and israel are not the same also isis and arabs and muslims may be one day you will know	0
jazz just played mavs without dirk u c tomorrow hornets without gordon u c could get spurs without manu	0
miss last friday s soundboard our radio partnership with and	0
kris bryant with a two run home run cubs now only down bye with outs bottom of the rd	0
staying up with my baby levi tonight even though i have school tomorrow . lol yolo	1
this day in rock history november st george harrison released his first solo album wonderwall music on the apple label	0
not one word deploring attacks on charlie hebdo nor barbaric nature of islam in the st c as long as it s sharia compliant	2
 icanhonestlysay dexter is such a good show i may order showtime just because of it .	1
welcome to the st century cuz ! ginger and i saw foo fighters last sunday here s a pic .	1
by google i mean the search engine google maps google email accounts . anything google you may have	0
really enjoyed pj harvey tonight contrary to expectations . even the black feather head dress wasn t too ott .	1
the elizabeth warren test why joe biden s presidential run may be over before it begins ows p 	0
great day for baseball . david price kills it in his debut for the jays and then the braves walk off in the th . love this game ! !	1
uploading a new video tomorrow ! nandito ako jonya fanvid u c the first cut is the deepest cover elevator david archuleta short cover .	0
skipping school tomorrow and going to tennessee instead . soundsgoodtome	1
rest in peace for lee soo man s wife . may her wife get the best place over there and stay strong for lee soo man and his family .	1
did you know that murray was trending topic on tuesday for hours in edinburgh ? trndnl	0
babysitting kids tomorrow night with kerry ! it s gonna be hectic	1
you re welcome shawn and thank you ! happy wednesday ! have a great one ! wishing you great success !	1
watching it the nd time shan watching the devil inside thedevilinside	0
listening to kanye west on this tuesday morning was the best idea . and i dont even like kanye .	1
actually prince george is nd on the list of georges so he s first in line .	0
i can t believe i just sat through ant man again	0
vitali klitschko stopped manuel charr in the fourth round to retain his wbc world heavyweight title saturday night . eotpro	2
wait don t tell me he ranked th ? as fashion king really ?	2
jonathan lucroy walks with one down in brewers st but ryan braun grounds into double play . it s after one .	0
the notebook may be one of the greatest movies created of all time 	1
at his press conference tonight brian kelly said eilar hardy may be allowed to return to the team after the bye week .	1
holy shit ! the girl that drums for the nekromantix may be the most beautiful woman on the planet earth .	1
community doesn u t come on until february now . lego lotr doesn u t come out for two more weeks now . now no parks and rec tonight ? ! curses	2
elections seem the most probable scenario as tsipras made a strategic mistake . . . greece	2
agh i m going to northglenn on monday lol just sit in my classes	0
i ve made it a goal to get caught up with game of thrones by the th and i m near the end of season . let s do this	1
simmons with a yard td run makes it eagles ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! his th of the game !	1
in sha allah the one who fund war on islam will be destroyed militarily and economically .	2
justin bieber performs what do you mean w dan kanter on the zm online radio station in new zealand october 	0
happy to know that is good to play saturday ! we can still take the big ten ! wolverinenation	1
chris tucker hasn t lost a step but i wish he would do one more friday ice cube pay the man lol	1
anyone out there know how i can go along to the rugby expo at twickers on nov th ? takemeimyours	0
hey regina i thought you may like this on bbc rolling stones crossfire hurricane part two tony	1
fire in the ashes years among the poorest children in america by jonathan kozol comes out tues avail for pre order	0
justin is lost in the st minute . no experience elxn 	2
bentley the pup is enjoying the old main lawn on this warm afternoon . happy friday penn state !	1
hola muchachas are you ready for a night full of fashion fun and beauty . this saturday nikki beach miami and . . .	1
does anyone just get drunk and watch twilight with their best friend ? on a monday ? no ? okay .	0
fall out of dar es salaam draw super eagles manager sunday oliseh has declared that he is not losing sleep . . .	0
i ll probably be in milan the first week of may looking forward to see you sooner or later .	1
how valentine went from boston to the south pacific in pages on bestsellingreads mondayblogs	0
donny s team is ass too rd worst in the league	2
it s october th and i just saw a christmas commercial . . .	0
clearly you haven t upgraded to windows yet . good night amp good luck ! windows fail	2
guti ! he hits a run hr in the th . m s down to the white sox .	0
rave reviews . . .book now ! sat rd u c u c the cabinet maker u s daughter at shaftesbury arts centre . spread the word !	0
what is the actual date for josh bradley u s bday ? ? july or ? ? i get mixed up with international time haha .	0
and the nd shift of the day starts at st thursdays in canton waterfront park until pm with sogh shawn . . .	0
endymion may have set the greek mythology and olympic record for sleep u cfull of sweet dreams u c and health u c and quiet breathing .	1
the lorax is one of the stupidest animated movies i u ve ever sat through . i wasted a nap for this ?	2
then when they get to it curtis and tommy wanna come play ! ! bruh lmao . . . i havent seen jamall yet tomorrow gonna be a show	0
brock lesnar had to have a very similar surgery to the one i am having tomorrow .	0
this rahul gandhi aka raul vinci needs his bags checked no matter where he goes interpol may find some goodies !	2
on saturday our new dudebro neighbours had a party and kept us up by having an angry loud fight on the deck about caitlyn jenner	2
hahahaha aladdin tho ! lil purple eye from the set ! wat u on tonight lil black eye from da set 	1
this may be the best exhibition ever . barbican centre	1
so david beckham may or may not be in a cameo role . he is not . but if acts up our editor is at the ready .	0
links nov what does apple u s k filing tell us ? apple has just filed it u s annual k with the sec . for those unused to the arca . . .	0
doug wead owners of the msm are the prince of the air ouch ! feel the burn . too clever . ronpaul	1
hope weather clears for thursday s mission to shoeless joe s courtice for first day back at work noworkforme	0
uber socialist mehdi hasan on bbcqt panel for th time since ge more than any other panelist . does he have a season ticket ? ?	0
so will be in the london studio tomorrow morning . hope no one mentions harry u s brit award error	0
 red sox vs blue jays tickets for tonight s game . each . seats located behind first base . c mon don t be a cheapskate buy them !	0
my t mobile experience has been he ll since i switched in april . . . do you care ? i have to call every month . . . tmobilesucks	2
retweeted socialrmadrid abc real madrid will announce he signing of de gea on january st . . . .	0
jackson back in camp monday you ready to see the eagles lift up that trophy !	0
if you are enjoying bloodborne you may enjoy dark souls too if you didn t already played it	1
even sxsw last yr he was there the st days and went to dallas the day stump was there	0
lol . maybe friday since i u m going to georgetown .	0
if trump gets elected we ll probably see an ayatollah give a sitting president the middle finger for st time in history .	2
was gonna see inside out again tomorrow but i found it a bit disappointing so we ll probably watch ant man again	2
if your going to do a google hangout beware and watch this st all motovloggers ! ! ! watch this ! ! ! ! ! via	0
valentine s day . i think it appeared on the charts for the first time on april th .	0
it s exciting to be in israel when tomorrow there will be a general strike . i hope it helps workers in israel !	1
this thursday night football game sucks . but go chiefs ! i just want to see hot head rivers explode on the sideline tonight .	2
one time in the th grade i wrote niall is daddy on my hand amp my teacher was yelling at me to show him what it said amp i licked rubbed it off	0
sad that my dunkin won t have pumpkin coffee till the th	2
hey donny on sunday what pdq in concord ? ? ? ? is it the one over at concord mills ? ? ?	0
got my ole miss season tickets today question now is will they win any conference games . we are bama fans so more about seeing daughter .	0
kris bryant two run hr ties the game at his nd of the year cubs	0
zlatan costa ? zlatan is the th best striker in the world ? ?	1
seriously though somebody posted amy schumer as their woman crush wednesday on instagram amp i almost went off but it s not worth it	2
happy eid . my queen may allah accept your deeds . and bless you	1
emt krakatoa so when the high point of your saturday is a chorizo omelette at ihop for a late dinn . . .	1
on this day back in leo messi debuted for barca and since he has lifted trophies ! happy th anniversary leo !	1
does he mean a tv or a giant ipad ?	0
all for one out october th on blu ray . it s about their australian tour and can be bought at sanity	0
i would take a ride to the n .o . tomorrow if oomf says the word subtweet . . . . .	0
i went to jungle island in february . i prefer the miami metro zoo tho	0
paul mccartney s th birthday is tomorrow . we must get it to trend ! 	1
cate blanchett interviewed by the about her new movie carol due out jan .	0
pretty sure it s from american greetings . i may have bought the dean ambrose and roman reigns cards yesterday . 	0
i may have been mad for a day but i m so proud of zayn now	1
get your growler from and fill it up with pennies by june ! yyc charity	1
no worries it u s goin down friday night club visions . ! greensboro nc . !	1
nirvana reflexology spa may have just saved my foot today . . . i highly recommend	1
just heard that you are coming to mexico city on the th ! i m so excited ! i m doing everything i can to get tickets for the show !	1
a warm thursday for cenla with highs in the s for the sixth straight day . natchitoches and colfax led the way with . kalb 	0
randal grichuk hits his th home run of the season joining joc pederson kris bryant and steven souza jr . as rookies with hr .	0
please may my band make a cover of scream to perform for our school maybe upload to youtube with yours and hedley s permission ?	0
hey ben really enjoyed your set in barca last night what was the nd last track you played ? sounded like caribou ?	1
i keep considering edge of tomorrow b c i don t mind tom cruise but seeing as how it s a video game of a movie gt gt 	0
in respect of kanye west tomorrow so i will only listen to his music all day	1
 afcon qualifier leon balogun major doubt for tanzania super eagles right back leon balogun sat out the . . .	0
such a fun party ! happy th birthday briana ! everyone loved doing a paint party at the sleepover and the . . .	1
lol sounds nice no beer for you but i will be going to foo fighters on thursday if you are back in town lol	1
square cash adds convenient money transfer to apple watch cash the iphone app that lets you easily send mon . . .	0
tomorrow night it s the bee gees at cabaretsupperclub gonna be a brilliant night !	1
 people are saying it u s one of the best shows they u ve ever seen ! ! brothers grimm spectaculathon at east u c saturday at pm ! ! be there .	1
are you all ready for roger sanchez this friday at hq nightclub ! ! ! hmu at for table reservations and details ! ! ! !	1
 rd one dropped by afghans . this is not how you put pressure . indvafg wt 	2
i can t wait until the yankees sweep the blue jays and score runs off of david price tomorrow and tulo goes 	0
they may have redesigned the apple site but they kept the taking the store down for an event bit slow clap time	0
i want the kids tomorrow to know that the world s greatest boxer floyd mayweather jr . ran and won .	1
don t recall the al scoring but ryan braun scored on sac fly in th	0
 sctop kris bryant s snag in the top of the nd . remarkable !	1
the last day of eid monday ceasfire has ended with martyrs including children and women lcc syria	0
cant wait for tomorrow ! ! ! see you at the kirby center !	1
thnks for the fb ! special promo buy three bundles get th on us ! send five customers to receive free affiliate bundles !	1
i love how so many idiot christians still think sunday is the sabbath ! ah constantine . . .lol	2
ohio gov . john kasich sat down for an exclusive interview with abc news chief anchor george stephanopoulos following the announcement of	0
bobcats open tomorrow night against the pacers	0
would u start big ben or tom brady next thursday night ? i m going against cousins or eli .	0
that scene with ice cube writing friday solidified so many things for me and my writing . formal training is . . .	1
dustin johnson rolls to a thursday clubhouse lead in a major of course perhaps it s a good thing dustin john . . .	1
i hear what your saying but if there was peace tomorrow the muslims would still be killing the minority groups .	2
pj harvey has to win nobody deserves it more the new album was amazing !	1
bit behind the times but sharknado may be the best thing i ve ever seen . comedygold	1
you re all talking about an iphone event and i m just sat here chatting about tinder	0
all the latest sheffield wednesday news on iphone and ipad ! swfc	1
i have that resting bitch face that would make wednesday adams jealous . . . just saying .	0
amazing ! ! we may not have won the nd game u c but it was hard fought the sold out bca was rockin ! proudtobeatiger 	1
contrasts th st cent . angela merkel understands quantum physics . does she have political depth for long term german survival ?	0
you should think about islam you may love it	0
ruble sliding again today with dollar cracking above rubles for first time since valentine s day in february .	2
hi is it possible for paul dunne to turn from amateur to pro between rd and th rounds of open . solveabet	0
in israel the violence may seem endless but the hope never fades	2
just hit me i m seeing shawn tomorrow and you	1
so tired of chelsea and their mind games with costa injuries . watch him start and play minutes tomorrow .	2
okay so anyone going to come see jurassic world with me in imax ?	1
navas is reportedly unhappy at real madrid he called mufc trying to rescue the transfer tuesday morning . 	0
bbsr autorickshaw union calls for hr strike tomorrow in the city protesting against fuel price hike and cap on lpg odisha	0
naruto is the sun its alright	1
david ortiz hit his th career home run saturday one of hits from the red sox as they defeated the . . .	0
dethklok u c all that remains u c and black dahlia murder in november ? i can dig it !	1
we met at our st eat to the beat event at amp love her cover of bad blood by ff	1
understated the fact that george harrison woke up early enough to see a sunrise just to write freakin here comes the sun 	0
kane may interfere though . i m calling it . this will not be a clean match . wwesummerslam	0
right now i predict crazy xbox price drops in only one scenario . . . . .if the week before black friday they are selling on par with ps .	0
thought provoking piece with ian bennett on new blues manager lee clark in tomorrow s birmingham mail bcfc	0
aki ta junior saying he inviting max tomorrow lol to chill in the house	1
why did you keep madonna th in that grossly inaccurate tweet askmusicnews facts	0
my generation learned to love the nfl every monday night thanks to frank gifford . sending all my prayers to his family ripfrankgifford	1
marty s dogs of miami marty s dogs no . in praise of the all american . . . tomorrow national hot dog day . eat up !	0
floyd mayweather made million in the year to june far and away the most an athlete has ever earned in a single year	0
la county fair on labor day lol . why not just go to disneyland on th of july too while youre at it haha	1
you may not know this but before he was a famous country star . . . eric church was a knife salesman . he talked . . .	1
it is widely disputed .this recent article by mehdi hasan in the guradian is quite good	1
listened to unforgettable fire last night couldn t stop thinking about us in th grade ? w our u concert banner amp your mum 	0
you out again on thursday for anightmareongeorgestreet at chalmers ? ? round 	0
shit u c yeah u c it u s thursday u c russell howards good news and celebrity juice is on	1
heat vs knicks next wednesday damn thats too far away why not play again tomorrow and just get it over with comeonman	2
starting tomorrow through the weekend at the york fall home show at the york fairgrounds expo center you can . . .	0
 th grade me and luh jeff memorized all the nwa songs . lol then i learned all easy e and ice cube solo career songs i really been wit it	1
for all the people that don t like john cena makeawish	0
 jews were burnt alive on february in the valentine s day strasbourg massacre where the plague had not yet affected the city	2
uh . . . .lol put kris bryant at the lead off spot on the cardinals amp carpenter rd on the cubs and let s see how that stat looks	0
petrolia art in the park is tomorrow and saturday ! we will be set up in front of mercantile co . on petrolia line across from the park !	0
going to metlife tomorrow but not to see the boys is a weird feeling	1
selena s greatest hits album is set to come out november th and it s called for you .	0
my radio show tomorrow at am on wpit am . had calls from neb and fl so call the show from wherever you are even africa . . . 	0
we may elect to forget famous iran contra then under bush till he declared axis of evil every one failed kerry did	2
yeah i u m not to sure about klass jan think he u ll be an andy carroll type striker bang em in or flop	2
you missed a beast of a show on saturday night with foo fighters .	1
did you know that justin bieber was trending topic on sunday for hours in norway ? trndnl	0
i m excited about gala tomorrow night in la . please financially support they actually go amp rescue children . teamour	1
will say its th th th and then th day of eid bcoz still waiting for some real eid s enjoyment and for some eidi . yhbhikoieidhui	1
regionals pedro to miss messi the latest stories from tuesday s regional newspapers as pedro says he is going to miss former team m . . .	0
in may okc is still gonna b the primary threat to lose to the lakers	2
i have to finish reading paterno by tomorrow so i can watch football sunday and monday and prepare for the nba k release pagesleft	0
check out tomorrow s ca . i picked the brains of of the city s top arms brady bramlett victor cole david owen and john marc shelly .	0
pfft . i just wondered why my dashboard is so quiet . friday . shit . totally forgot .	2
gr meeting rohan amp milan day with cst crowe amp macarthur k charger amp k general ! ! ! good luck wed rohan	1
nicki needs to take a pic with fifth harmony tomorrow .	1
has to be the hat trick against manu . . . .and in a very close nd the carling cup final goal o 	1
 perfectcain now has his own day ! june will from here on out be known as matt cain day !	1
man i m about to see janet jackson in october it ain t much anybody can tell me	0
 youtubepolitics this is such bs .i may not make it to watch bill clinton lay one on fluke !	2
this is soooo good ! sunday jam covers taylor swift s bad blood in the live lounge 	1
 nowplaying kendrick lamar black friday it s the best av heard from lamar	1
 th october mine . we re celebrating together thank you . i hope t stays after large eid . he come too	1
want to win free tickets to the skycity nzbreakers game next friday ? ! tune in to flava and find out how !	1
just found out that bria and i are going to see sam smith at the gorge tomorrow ! ! ! ! ! !	1
the grateful dead with john mayer at verizon center nov th . .	1
just in the interview with author and speaker joseph p . genera will start to air this monday afternoon . stay tune for times .	0
 eidmubarak may allah purify the souls of the victims of insurgency and aid us with necessary strength to fight boko haram	1
david cameron s willingness to arrange the eu referendum rules suggests he s greatly concerned about the outcome .	1
guys like that masturbate to the image of randy orton every monday .	0
angela merkel s humane stance on immigration would that we heard more from the canadian campaigns on this topic .	0
paul dunne drops a shot at the nd after finding trouble off the tee . he s back to under with louis oosthuizen leading at under .	0
my pain may be the reason for somebody u cs laugh but my laugh must never be a reason for somebody u cs pain charlie chaplin	0
randy orton is one of my favorites despite everything . why ? because he s so damn good in the ring . randy may not . . .	1
 callmatterface i want to talk about how desperate luca modric is to leave spurs he ransacked tottenham last night .	0
heading back to greenville on monday ! ugh why cant trainings be in columbia ? ! im tired of going to freakn greenville ! !	2
i do the same things every sunday . . . clean wash clothes wash my hair cook and watch big brother	1
wohooo ! rt kung fu panda in d d both with indonesian subtitles tentatively scheduled to open on tues august isk	1
yes that was the point i was trying to make passage of time may work to tsipras s advantage . more so 	0
sick of a congress beholden to special interests ? voice your concerns at the fec public forum on october th rsvp 	2
to all of you watching kina grannis tomorrow its still a go . stay safe everyone !	0
former mississippi sen . trent lott announced tuesday he is endorsing republican presidential hopeful john kasich . . .	0
so what i m focusing on is motivating tom brady and my team i want them to have a great game thursday	1
manchester united may have slammed the door shut on david de gea joining real madrid in the new year .	0
rt register now for the florida direct marketing association s nonprofit summit on august !	0
lol i was talkn abt swansea bro smh the th postion is either u guys or arsenal that one na standard !	0
austin rivers strugglin he like for just got his first bucket mid way threw da th	0
amazon prime day is the equivalent of drinking alone at home on a friday night .	2
this group is going to have a pretty awesome anti scott walker t shirt for sale tomorrow !	1
god bless you for standing for liberty and evangelical christians and the st amendment . we need more people like you !	1
naruto may have been the first ever hokage to never achieve the status of chunin and jounin now that i think about it . . . . .	0
only my brother would lose his ipod the nd day he gets it biggestretard	2
this work day needs to be over vacation starts tomorrow ! first stop jason aldean with my sisters and roommate	1
spain is winning the gay tourist dollar war spain may not have london or paris but its friendly culture and . . .	1
islam is on the march to convert all to their ideology ! wake up america ! rt stopislam tcot makedclisten teaparty	0
get me valentine s day hearts for feb . and i m taking it as a sign you re breaking up with me . love won t make you eat those things .	2
i may have forgotten all the parts in ultron that didn t involve chris evans ass . is there still a jarvis in tony s smart home suit	2
my party on .the nd at club crucial ima b bouncing around singing iam freebarz i am freebarz .like i really am apart of the movement lol	0
loved the hair style from friday u s jason wu nyfw show ? we u re giving you the step by step to recreate the look	1
but messi made the former premier league champions look like a group of lads at goals	1
i think my econ ta may be the funniest person i have ever met . rock on thor	1
 rowan u c some people you may know on twitter first one u c domino u s pizza in plymouth u c second some random person idk and third a llama breeder	0
 skateboarding justin bieber skateboarding backstage at the billboard hot . . . rt retweet	0
cate blanchett to receive top honour at the th annual aacta awards 	1
then the bee gees came on . . .and i had to tuesday tuesdaytestimony	1
it was cloudy all day started playing bob marley the sun comes out lt jahbless	1
kris bryant with another walk off home run in the th even as a white sox fan this is fun too watch . .	1
gucci bags pleasure principle reception december rarefy the two sided yours fellow to adjunct on ignoratio ele . . .	0
saddest part is christians give me the hardest time about it . jews and muslims ? they know the score . nd verse is the first . touch butts .	2
revenge is sweet . john cena hits jon stewart with attitude adjustment on raw .	0
galaxy s ii can be wiped by just clicking a link other devices may be vulnerable galaxy samsung html vulnerability	2
well they believed the sun when it talks shit about zayn but now the sun is the ultimate liar .	0
 broncos peyton manning is st in passing rating . and nd in nfl with yd passing plays . avg pass length dropbacks	0
 itweetfeeds this is a bittersweet moment for tom brady . on friday the nfl star spoke out on . . . ff	0
when i get to my cousins tomorrow i m going ape shit on their halloween candy eating all the reese . xd	1
can you please come to sxsw in austin in march ?i ve wanted to see you for years it would be amazing if you played a show here !	1
did you see bobby jindal s comments on westborough church ? no respect for st amendment maybe notthatguy	2
happy birthday beyonce ! ! ! may god bless you and all your family very much !	1
i m waiting for monday . even the john cena match was flawed	0
frank gifford was a great football player . i remember he used to be one of the commentators on monday night football too . ripfrankgifford	1
zumba tonight at pm at balance fitness . davenport ave u c rd floor new haven ct . see you there ladies . . . .	0
was it strange filming for the st time without zayn ? d	0
the perfect day apart from jordan rhodes u late goal for blackburn . up to th in the table u c bring on next saturday ! nffc	1
 fx new york oct reuters the federal reserve provided . billion of liquidity to the . . . eur aud cad	0
not with kendrick lamar i may have spelled wrong	0
galaxy note and galaxy s edge certified in malaysia ahead of it s official launch	0
the uk is getting star wars day earlier ! i might have to take the th of december off work	1
hope the weather is like this for ironman wales . lovely and sunny yet not too warm . good luck all . may the wind be behind you all the way .	1
on the tv it said nikon was closed tomorrow ten it disappeared . . . .but did we have english hw ?	0
thank you israel ! we love you amp god loves you . may he bless you amp keep you !	1
the th is niall s birthday and the day rowyso ends better start preparing my funeral	2
tony blair s former chief of staff want to talk to isis	0
dustin johnson is over the last holes . oh for that quad on the st . . . .	0
it u s josh bradley u s birthday tomorrow . so what time is the party ? lol	1
confirmed ice cream sandwich finally coming to the droid bionic tomorrow u c october th omgdroid	0
brandon crawford brings home ryan braun after he tripled to lead off the th . nl still trails 	0
so excited about cannibal corpse u c i u ve seen devildriver twice but this u ll be my st time for corpse . oh and black dahlia murder !	0
today s the th . you know what that means ? it s swift day ! d happy swift day lovelies !	1
shook your hand in tolos in may proud to have shaken the hand of the maillot jaune congratulations !	1
no mention of the ira s encomium for during leadership election ?	0
the jets are th in points differential . have the worst pd of any nfl team that s not from florida .	2
my boys amp just came on shuffle on my ipod and now i miss mulled wine nights and the th fold and them .	0
join us tonight at boston pizza centre on barton for thursday night football ! tonight the chiefs take on the . . .	0
istrategies playstation network maintenance monday if you u re looking to play psn games this upcoming monday u c you . . .	0
apple s keynote is happening tomorrow at am !with the expected announcement of the iphone s new apple tv and ipad who is waking up for it ?	1
ha i guess beauty is in the eye of the beholder . i m just happy it s not vettel s th consecutive championship easilypleased	1
it was also risky for rodgers to hold the ball until he got a helmet to the chest on that th down in order to find jordy	2
i wish it was sunday so i can watch big brother .	1
i m going to l .a . tomorrow evening and i really should be packing right now .	0
it u s not a real wednesday morning if there isnt a guy at the trolley stop throwing up into the creek . . . margarita day got em	2
mysa has closed the laurel point fields due to the weather conditions . all sessions there on monday are canceled . 	2
my st ever male frnd in london just send me a ping ! ! ! dat ping is so annoying he is my st gud frnd bet why dis ping ? ? ? angry much	2
 change his mind . since he was a sensory type naruto felt a presence approach towards his office he immediately sat up straight and 	0
been a long day . wrapped up book for good prior to proofing article on balotelli s milan return out tues and a little something special !	1
never believe the state bbc i think you may be coming to the conclusion the bbc are not trustworthy .	2
arsenal stoke statistical preview stoke have proven arsenal s bogey side in recent years but the team under mar . . .	0
nigeria air strikes kill large number of boko haram abuja afp nigeria said sunday it had carried out ai . . .	2
the color orange is in my mind . st the good orangutans amp the netflix show . now the awful boehner s face amp trump s hair .	0
amazon prime now delivers alcohol to fuel your drunk online shopping said on tuesday it . . .	0
i look over at matt during sat class and he s writing kanye west over and over in his book	0
here s a link to the fec s draft mccutcheon notice of proposed rulemaking which is on tomorrow s agenda 	0
us secretary of state press availability on the london conference london u c united kingdom u c february u c afr . . .	0
of course i know it u s for ash wednesday and good for but it does look like he squashed a bug on his forehead .	1
unless its on th . rahul gandhi will be a little busy that day i presume .	0
chris brown bails on going outside during daytime because the sun would be present	0
obama will continue to flood america with muslims . it may be too late to stop the fall of america	2
floyd mayweather is going to buy a nfl franchise and may hire her as general manager	0
so crashed a wedding reception and andy lee s bro was in the bridal party . how d you spend your saturday night ? longstory	0
chris sale will take a no hitter into the th today and the white sox will win a wild card . you heard it here first	1
gucci plenty better self gall april foster the doublet your symbolic inflooding affairs so as to artist mettle . . .	1
ha . it may not say it on the case but starting up mgsv kojima s name is on the ps s game start up image .	0
been listening to careless world rise of the king cannot wait for the rd rackcitybitch	1
pakistan through to the semi finals at india u s expense and will be facing west indies on friday ! wt 	0
supposedly the black forest is getting some snow this weekend ! did we only imagine the celsius last sunday ? . . .	0
i hope sharknado starts with saving april aprillives	1
oomf just tweeted we bring wayne rooney back from belgium that his next goal may be when caitlyn jenner changes back to a man	0
the wind bringing all of the leaves to our feet for tomorrow u c the street viceroy artwork and track list to be unveiled . samo u s red carpet .	0
before bob marley amp reggae there was ska . hear the history of ska in just songs tomorrow p ct on via	1
just close your eyes the sun is going down you u ll be alright no one can hurt you now come morning light you and i u ll be safe and sound np	1
me and gisselle had plans to go see paper towns tomorrow but she won t reply to my messages	0
i feel like there will be another friday and ice cube will have his son play in it with him	1
torre calls for more respect as player feuds cross line on saturday morning torre s ipad chimed with news of a . . .	0
 timpeake is now listening to lady gaga but it s not on his playlist . must be pick of another astronaut ?	0
angela merkel strong link between the euro and peace	1
it s october th . it s like october rd but with oreos and peanut butter instead of aaron samuels .	0
los angeles times joe biden may not be at big confab for democrats but he dominates the conversation	0
 . . .only to be beaten by a then babyface seth rollins . rollins would only then drop the belt sometime before june to sheamus i guess . . .	0
all our lives we had fun we had seasons in the sun but the world that we reached nirvana seasons in the sun good morning ! !	1
if we did this we would be tackled by security run over by niall amp then have him tweet how much he hates us	2
is it fair to expect more from christians at the work place ? more on that this sunday . gospelatwork	0
avis game . . .dustin johnson th hole . misses green with approach gets pt instead of for missed gir . correction	0
someone u c lets go to the marijuana march at little five points on may ! ! ! coalition for the abolition of marijuana prohibition protest	0
yakub may hv a case based on raman s report but left liberals entry save him has changed character of the case . wd they do sadhvi pragya	0
it didn t live up to the black friday hype imo gt amazon prime day leads to sales surge and consumer complaints	2
sharknado may have just slid its way into my top movies	1
soooo apparently we are tent camping after the foo fighters concert tomorrow night . . . . . instead of bar hopping and sleeping in a hotel . . . .	0
missing d .c . . . but it s ok . . . i m seeing ed sheeran on tuesday . . . that makes everything better .	1
frank gifford a hall of fame football player for the new york giants and a legendary broadcaster died sunday .	0
the best thing i ve heard all day was the fact islam comes home tomorrow	1
fognini is i believe only the rd one to beat nadal or more times in a year the others no points for guessing federer and djokovic .	1
tickets now available for the mk welcomes the foo fighters event with trippah and venus high trap sep	0
if you u re an october baby u c then happy valentine u s day to your folks . . . they have an annual memory	1
have a great weekend everyone . make it even better by coming to bootcamp ! am saturday with liam and am sunday with kev !	1
dustin johnson runs out of coke by the th round	0
fyi the inspiration ant man has been turned into a miniseries by and it s out tomorrow theshrinkingman themoreyouknow	0
i m glad he reneged on th group . israel got no credit for first released and abbas didn t come to the table in good faith .	0
nicki is always feuding with somebody . lil kim mariah carey iggy azalea taylor swift now miley cyrus . . . i like her but c mon	2
ufc this sunday from am anderson silva v yushin okami don t miss it . in the sports bar live .	1
ukip polled nd in labour held seats in the north if we continue with tory lite policies then ukip will crush us in the north	2
i d play that iron maiden video game but it looks like it may contain some offensive damsel in distress tropes	2
slowly getting my last bits pulled together for barca ! gonna get everything finalised today so i can just relax tomorrow 	1
national ice cream day is tomorrow ! you ll want to check these out . are there michigan additions ? . . .	1
christianity is nothing else but the imitation of god u s nature . we seek a relationship with god through jesus . . . lord that i may see .	0
i was vending on saturday at the eid at the mlk jr . middle school i noticed a lot of people did not know . . .	0
yall niggas must have a different version of taylor allderdice . i u m on the rd track and already wanna turn this shit off again	2
iphone s launch more details leak ahead of apple s september event iphone s launch on wednesday is just . . .	0
will saint west be kim kardashian amp kanye west s last child ? ! deets here ! say it ain t so ! on monday it was . . .	1
i u m still shaking my head at that decision and that the heat knick are actually playing tomorrow at msg .	2
david beckham may play bond ? absolutely not . couldn t bear the thought . elba is the man for that role beckham should be nowhere near it .	0
no it s not read the bit about kim kardashian	0
lol rt jul how louis amp briana met it s actually kind of embarrassing . . .	2
katy perry was all smiles amp when she amp headed out for a broadway show wednesday night in new york city . amp the singer wore a	1
glad im going to greenville tomorrow night tho	1
 days off now ! bit of golf on the agenda and a few other bits . looking forward to watching ant man on thursday too !	1
possibly going to comic con in santa fe . can i make a mikasa scout outfit before the th it s on !	1
tomorrow s charlie hebdo they have weapons . screw them we have champagne ! the spirit of the french is strong .	1
doesn u t help that hoya u s my bias in infinite c btw what are we gonna do about thursday ! ! ! ! 	2
i just bought a few replacement fall decor items from michaels and according to dunkin s fb page i can put them up starting tomorrow .	0
hawkie here reminds us of joe biden the randy old coot who may run for president ! democrats a disgrace . auspol	0
kane really missed eriksen today . hardly got a sniff . still did very well in the nd half . definitely needs someone to support him	0
that may explain the problem we re having with muslims fundamentalists .	2
come watch art house at the fine arts film fest sat th at pm in venice beach faff	1
fuck i have the sats tomorrow	2
sound like lexus i ll believe it when i see it	2
henryville vs . charlestown volleyball game tuesday ! ! who u s going ? ! athenryville gonnahaveadj cancernight	0
can t wait till pm tomorrow to come and the only recognised striker have is kane for rest of season transferwindow pullyourfingeroutlevy	1
nah we re driving up for eid in rochdale which is on the nd i believe so i ll just stay an extra night	0
tomorrow afternoon let s do raiding with subs on ps . have not raided all week . links to follow in the morning .	0
going to the knicks vs . heat game tomorrow . hype last time i went to a basketball game was when i was .	1
david price justin smoak send jays by yanks for th win in row always a great day when tha yankees lose . . . . ball	1
owen grinned this may be a little easier . i ve heard a lot about you from thor and chris . it s lovely to meet you ! 	1
 summerslam tomorrow night can the undertaker finally beat brock lesnar ?	0
school on monday is going to be so weird .	2
when you gotta wake up early tomorrow to go to atlantic city but you know you re getting dunkin so you just chillen	1
closing the halloween party friday night rum runners .	0
rahul gandhi s mumbai millions backops limited and it s prestigious projects .	0
prob the same guy that played straight dropkick songs at berks last saturday . .felt like a rockin st patricks day	1
brad miss th pen vermalen to draw and go sudden death ! but he misses and bradford are thru ! capitalonecup bantams	0
yesterday was a grand day woken up with pancakes and tea in bed ended with foo fighters . best saturday . best boyfriend .	1
is finally catching up to me with dexter . i m only up to season but he has almost finished season today home ill .	0
austin armacost confirmed for big brother the mirror has revealed that austin was in the running for january . . .	1
rousey obliterated correia on saturday ! is she the most dominant fighter ever ? ufc rondarousey	1
you know what ? goon may be a low brow comedy u c but it was fun as hell . go netflix it .	1
happy sunday my weekend was awesome play for me sam smith stay with me 	1
how did this major design flaw with the new galaxy note pen even make it past the testing stage ? c mon samsung get your stuff together .	2
follow the top amy schumer stories for dec on our topical page 	0
sept at arrow royal exchange joint event with ibm on big data and analytics . full details link to register below .	0
justin at the d amp g fashion party in new york september th 	0
so i stood up for kim kardashian today lol ! someone sd she s a gold digger amp i said she may be a lot of things but she makes her own money !	1
ow god haha going home at break tomorrow btw cuz my anutys down from york so going for a meal xx	1
the just passed this past friday path act is expanding an ira owner s ability to avoid the penalty on a . . .	2
join richard u c estella u c sophia u c tj u c and erwin this friday at the ccp ! tickets p p vip . contact now !	0
photoset last night was my last saturday night of summer and i spent it at the zac brown band concert at . . .	1
thing is that if we do separate time on sat it can make rushers get on dif times so its not all together	0
oct rd network will show a live msg card with brock lesnar in the main event .	0
a touch of class from the r amp a putting paul dunne out in the last two ball tomorrow . what a day ahead for him . everything crossed . gogetem	1
hi eleanor ! my birthday is next wednesday and can you please say happy birthday to me . it would be a perfect gift ! xx	1
iron maiden star sells his essex home pub included ! yes please well it is friday ! 	1
my parents are going to the zac brown band concert tomorrow night and i m so jealous .	2
today s life lesson courtesy of alabama if you re gonna play in texas you gotta have a fiddle in the band .	0
 la the date is approaching fast los angeles ! ! be sure to catch the show in malibu on november th ! ! tickets . . .	0
you must be pretty awesome to get your own day gt gt june th is matt cain day sf sfgiants	1
also if i may just register my astonishment on the internet about how fucking dumb scott walker and his plans for his dumb fucking wall are	2
we will do croke park dana white s promise to irish mma fans is the th of its kind	0
dustin johnson joins the leaders at with a birdie on th hole . in other news tiger woods made the turn at pgachamp	0
vettel have you perhaps a few suggestions on how i could spend saturday afternoon in austin ? f austingp	0
panthers wr benjamin may sit vs . packers . will that news effect the spread ? current line is green bay 	0
now that iran ripped us off by the legendary watch this friday .	2
v v excited for twilight sad at the barras amp this rare saturday off . thank you .	1
tsipras may just limp across the finish line in the general election because there s no real viable alternative pm . . .	2
c u mon cbs ! ! i wanna watch the patriots !	0
i need another viv necklace . . . may buy myself one for valentines day nojoke	0
white sox add a run in the th amp now lead the m s . azlplayoffs	0
getting ready for knollwood p .s . bazaar tonight and tomorrow ! details see here 	0
pretty sure brainwashing doesn t work on may . she is like the female version of chuck norris .	0
again awful from barca . not the best result they should get goals or more . calderon on the th serious .	0
valentine s day jesus christ you got some good d right there	1
this friday ! we are showing the film magic mike xxl in chem for free at pm !	1
oh no she didn u t ! bgv rt i can u t wait to make listen to two hours of taylor swift during our drive tomorrow . 	2
wwe fans glad thank you sting vs . seth rollins john cena vs . seth rollins good luck sunday sept !	1
honestly i don think im gonna be able to look at ms rodgers without getting mad tomorrow . . .and she will make fun of me anf mr ehlers ughh	2
fuck you tony blair . i hated you before and i hate you more now . i have no respect for this man !	2
roman reigns says he can one up dean ambrose raw feb . via	0
so apparently lady gaga went to go see britney s femme fatale tour in atlantic city tonight !	0
jeff u c joseph arthur and the amazing richard stuverud . . . . fox theater in bolder u c november th . do not miss this ! . . .	1
hey please rt running gnr on sunday anyone got suggestions for good running songs . need to update the ipod .	1
aaron rodgers final drive was incredible . but man he was lucky on th and that grimes slipped over . threw it leaning back on one foot .	1
scott walker slips from st in ia polls w the caveat these polls reflect broader grp of gop voters than caucus goers	0
i was supposed to hand in my deca money monday . . . can melleby still take it	0
kepr state dot snoqualmie pass lane closures may cause delays if a trip over the cascades via interstate is in . . .	2
mom i know its friday you don t need to parade around the house singing rebecca black	0
kane ? and aguero was surely better than hazard maybe he gets st since he won the title	0
just back from doing a car boot . bring the sun back with some bob marley .	0
and i live in zachary u c but i might try to stay with someone next friday .	0
moto g is a great phone for the price . it does everything people do on their phone for rd of the price of a iphone and s number	1
tell reed i said thank you for letting me use his portable charger at digi on saturday please ! ! ! ! !	1
let me get this straight . . nd day of the nba season u c and only games were scheduled ? ? ? and was postponed ? wtf	0
today is the day harry styles will die at metlife on august th and i know it was someone who made it up but i m scared okay	2
seth rollins looks pretty strong in this match to say he has no help ! he may win this clean ! who am i kidding . . . cenawinslol summerslam	0
no mention that thatcher blair and major also talked to the ira or else no good friday agreement bbcqt	0
hello jp ladies and everyone . hope u having a great day xx its friday yippee tgif bring on the weekend and enjoy xx	1
in june of that s the way love goes by janet jackson was the song on the billboard . that same month aaron nola was born phillies	0
 feminine stars who may make a just right boyfriend oh ! kpop stars celebrity news and gossip !	0
via did russell ask you to address the team before thursday s practice ? brian kelly keivarae and i had a discussion about i	0
trying to come up with a rockstar for th u c so far emilie autumn or amy lee seem like ideas	0
guy with british accent just blessed the sacrament . i think it may have been harry potter . . . .	1
may i also suggest i hate myself and want to die by nirvana	2
hi bob . u m fine .tomorrow is a holiday here u c all souls u day u n the th republic day u canother holiday .now i u m a little busy . . .	0
stats hosted solution news new york ap tom brady learned thursday he will start the season . . . nbastatspipes	0
tues . night i heard nirvana pearl jam smashing pumpkins janes addiction . seems like it was all s alternative .	0
before bed just gimme a bit of strength for tomorrow batman !	1
you may be thinking of tara strong who does twilight and bubbles	0
this was not destroyed by followers of islam it was destroyed by the unthinking shock and awe doctrine .	2
this may seriously be the scariest fu king clown i ve ever seen . . . well done ahs well done . . .	1
thanks for your many tweets tonight milan . can t believe i was in the wrong place milansofficial . you made all fans so happy .	1
i u m volunteering at the th grade construction rodeo ! ! ! !	0
hope everyone s have a nice weekend . here s the latest wwe power rankings august seth rollins . . .	1
i u m thinking about making august baby month at life u s a celebration . with tips and ideas for those expectant and new mums out there .	0
vettel will use th engine in austin . he already announced not to take part in qualifying cause he will start from pitlane anyway .	0
i m not offended by whatever you may have said . i respect you and remain a hulk hogan fan . you re much bigger than the wwe .	1
favorite this if you want super chefs curtis and mcdaid to make you breakfast in bed tomorrow we watchedtoomuch foodnetwork	1
dude naruto will just use the th hokagy secret jitsu and steal your soul which will end up with you dead	0
black friday by kendrick is love . thank you	1
you know you re really sad when you re sat crying listening to fucking sam smith 	2
kiryu to release th single this christmas visual kei band kiryu surprise their fans with great news ! the band . . .	1
we ve gone for hannibal over trash but still lazy days ! am excited to see you and catch up tomorrow . hello to r .	1
amanda knox wins another round in appeal amanda knox won a skirmish today in the appeal of her murder convictio . . .	0
theresa may calls for a return to the original principle of eu free movement angela merkel calls googlealerts	0
 isitok that idiocracy may actually happen with kanye west going for president	2
watching contraband for the rd time u c mark wahlberg is the man !	1
so you want me to re watch pll halloween eps when the sun goes down mom ? you must be kidding me . i ll scream no ! even loud .	2
the late great andrew breitbart u s new movie u c occupy unmasked u c comes out friday . who u s going ? tcot gop teaparty	1
v sun burnt amp felt the need to put justin bieber lyrics to it bc who doesn t want some jb in their lives	0
 spurs striker emmanuel adebayor will miss thursday u s uel game against lazio with a hamstring injury .	0
march th until uncharted . guess the nathan drake collection will tide me over on ps until then .	0
started following paul dunne on friday . he had followers . right now he s at .	0
floyd mayweather says he quit after saturday s welterweight world title defense against underdog andre berto .	0
tgif i m the only nigga that can watch the sun and won t go blind . 	1
who wants to come to u with me ? and by that i mean buy me a ticket .	0
football game tomorrow and the meet and greet with dom kennedy and nipsey hussle turnup	0
would your company like to sponsor the rd annual pnc bank nonprofit academy awards ? see attached for details .	0
it may have been against the minnows of fc gomel but a great performance from rodger s reds at anfield tonight and a great start !	1
ctfuuu cus he bout it do yourself a favor and listen to black friday by kendrick and cole kendrick snapped fym	1
coz of zlatan talking how he loves a fight . may make him show lvg just how he is truly world class .	0
with his consistency in playing great tennis i am sure federer will crush gasquet in the qf . c mon federer ! !	1
i want watch ted but i have a dr appointment tomorrow i should ve be skeepung	0
the rookie john henson will play in his st game vs . the on pm et . don t miss it !	1
condolence to lee soo man and all family his wife may calm there . let us pray for the best for her elf .	1
west indies to pull out of india tour th odi in dharamsala will be their last game of the series bcci indvswi	0
practicing for the great topless march on venice beach taking it a bit further ? a matter of principle or meth ?	1
december a candy cane to get us all in the christmas mood ! ! ! tiyft	1
just shut up already . . . ur just talking to make news tomorrow . . .what a fool ! ! ! ! kanye west . . . bro vmas 	2
ungentlemanly . tim howard runs yards out of goal in an attempt to get sterling sent off for nd yellow card which it wasn u t . pasoccer	0
just to be sure . tomorrow is america day u c right ? because i don u t wanna be the redneck in a sea of gods	2
now you know how i feel when i was at riot fest . wait until you feel your knees and ankles tomorrow . xp	2
sharknado will set records for the number of watchers who have nothing better to do on a wednesday night .	0
i know the game is on sunday but shawn lavuo according to jay will have a pro bowl game	0
because seriously who the is chris evans ? virtually world famous in all of england . real stars like sabine may save that show but . . .	2
impulsively bought resident evil operation raccoon city . probably won t play it till tomorrow though . have so much editing to do with .	2
demba ba is a doubt for newcastle utd u s trip to anfield on sunday after he limped off yesterday . the problem . . .	2
another thing not taking into account his complete mare on saturday would you want vermalen as the rock of your defence ?	0
i would love instead of the miss usa pageant we would have like a miss sat pageant	1
you gonna be okay with me gone another night ? yea i m throwing a huge party really ! no i m watching a nirvana movie for the rd time 	1
david bowie may be the first celeb i u ve seen who could make mugshots look like a photoshoot for calv	1
queens of the stone age dave grohl sat on the stool regular john from glastonbury during the song for the deaf tour	0
at a live basketball fantasy draft . . .sort of . i got the th pick . got melo u c monta ellis u c iguodala and ibaka so far	0
what s wrong with the answer ? you may applaud rahul gandhi for his open farce ! i m happy with a pm who s not a hypocrite !	0
taiwan wins visa free travel to us six taiwanese tourists arrived in new york on thursday as the first from the . . .	0
its the st video without zayn and its still perf dragmedownmusicvideo	1
did you know that amazon prime day was trending topic on wednesday for hours in glasgow ? trndnl	0
i just saw jurassic world for the rd time i hope you honor my commitment	1
i don t wanna see anything about shawn tomorrow bc i probably won t be able to see him but at the same time i do	2
pakistan hopeful of bangladesh visit pakistan u s cricket board said sunday it hopes to arrange a tour by banglad . . .	1
lol i u m talk to my sister u c tomorrow i think she was talking prince royce u c but idk ! she u s inlove with romeo santos !	0
this time tomorrow and friday i will be on the flier at rupp . beyond excited and so thankful i get to experience this and it u s all b c o	1
katy perry killin a beer in oxford hotty toddy wish i had been there saturday for the game	1
if you happen to come online u c know that your mccurdians trended jennette on ellen for mccurdian monday 	1
buti pa si katy perry puma party lang pag friday night . do it alllll again overtime work in the office for us 	1
hi ! have you already stocked up for naruto ultimate ninja storm revolution for ps ? planning to buy on saturday .	1
turkey s erdogan fights for his throne by battling kurds turkey went to the polls on june but a new govern . . .	0
kendrick lamar may arguably have the best hip hop album of the year in my opinion	1
here s the coverage map for abc tv s telecast of saturday s isu game against oklahoma which kicks off at am ct .	0
oh look iran is actually complying with the nuclear treaty agreement tcot	0
well it s great to see a wonderful woman from mcallen get st runner up in the miss usa pageant	1
tennessee game saturday with 	0
author if i ve ever reviewed your book grab a screen cap now ! amazon may pull it down .	2
tomorrow and i will come out of breaks with a mix of boy george george michael george harrison george jones . . .	0
tomorrow maybe ! ? like during tok and lunch ? i u ll go tomorrow and you can go wednesday ? 	0
according to briana s tumblr that her mum confirmed was hers she has admitted the pics on her ig aren t her and the due date is feb . 	0
hanging with tony cherie blair . got papped . average wednesday night stuff . . . politics	0
watching a chuck close documentary with my cat on a friday night i am exactly who my students imagine i am .	0
i know niall it s monday the worst day of the week donttalktoniall	2
i m going to bed knowing that there is a possibility that i may wake up to videos and pictures of zayn performing at the vma s	1
yakub will be hanged tomorrow . the law has finally taken its own course of time and the time period . years .	0
jonas brothers are gonna go live at fort canning on the nd . hmmmm .	0
tina mustard and pudding are climbing mount snowdon tomorrow to raise funds for the pet welfare alliance . your . . .	1
yes i ll be there . also have ac dc on the th and buckcherry at starland on the th before the carney !	1
what s the crazier win . . . . .paul dunne winning tomorrow or tom watson in ? i can t lean either way . good for the kid .	1
my birthday is in november ! i m addicted to etsy marshalls and amazon . make it happen friends d	1
just watched the lorax for the th time ! ! ihavenoregrets ooc	0
amazon may be cooking up a tablet the internet giant is reportedly working on new fire tablets for the . . .	1
indian govt had no outstanding loans with rbi in week ended oct . oct reuters india had no outstandi . . .	1
david wright went for with an rbi saturday for class a advanced st . lucie in what mets officials have . . .	0
going to jungle island tomorrow	0
spending my last night in indianapolis with my mom and cousin . headed to idaho tomorrow !	0
probably gonna watch paper towns next tuesday since i have to go somewhere and the ticket is half price 	1
anybody going to long beach comic con this saturday ?	0
i am really missing hockey on sat nights really board with nothing on tv end this strike soon please nhl ! ! ! nhl	2
 st time i drove stick ever i kinda lied to the salesman at ab honda that i can drive standard and took the speed manual for a testdrive	2
do you know what time you come on tomorrow night at santos party house ? can u t wait to see hear you ! ! ! !	1
sharknado may have overdone it just a little bit . and that s saying something for a sharknado movie .	2
who else is going to be singing the sharknado soundtrack at work tomorrow ? sharknado 	0
front line with kamran shahid may 	0
do you know when you guys are going to tempe the nd or rd week ? have to claim my parking spot ! ! ! lol	1
tardis doctor who the th doctor samsung galaxy note case	0
yesterday was lastweek and tgif was two days ago which was also last week so how the hell is tomorrow monday ?	2
beliebers have about more tweets than justin . you may think we u re tweeting random shit but there u s lots to tweet about kidrauhl .	0
i know you re gonna rock the fan s tomorrow . . . why because you re katy perry nocommet	1
outsider s perspective to dark souls you die a lot and masturbate to the sun .	2
the pacers are counting on paul george to step up u c gerald green and dj augustin are your adds . . . nat nd in the east u c son .	0
dtn bangladesh bpl issues to be decided nov bangladesh cricket board will take a final decision on the bangl . . .	0
men s journal editor jason fine is the new managing editor of rolling stone it was announced monday . fine wil . . .	0
enjoyed taking leigha on the train to the top of mount snowdon sat	1
fleetwood mac on the radio driving towards a weekend of camping in whitstable with some excellent people . our friday afternoon is winning .	1
help me smart peeps i need to get from the city to alsip u c back to the city on a friday night . cheapest way to go ? it u s for a wedding 	0
it s on madonna s facebook page hun . if you don t have facebook it s also here	0
hopefully bbc will televise film sometime as they did with st pieces with bbcnow . loved the bwv !	0
can you pretty please help me with the name of the bob marley track kate tempest played on sunday ? can t stop thinking about it !	1
 isitok that kanye west may become president of the western world one day ?	0
bulls season tips off wednesday night vs sacramento kings . excited is not the word .	1
 nationals th inning had that th quarter redskins feel u c didn u t it ? coulda swore i saw cundiff shank one from the mound .	0
i agree but zeller is a great complement to kyrie and andy u s style of play is exactly what the nd team needs	1
in terms of building segmented lists then you may appreciate knowing that you can effectively list build on google . tip	0
dance weekend and yoga retreat september ! master class yoga with niko manoli and niki petroulaki in the . . .	0
i really hope you told people passin by that it s an experiment otherwise this video may ve spread some negativity bout islam	2
i m phone is going to died so goodnight i will be back tomorrow if i have time see you guys tomorrow goodnight to harry niall liam louis	0
trump s greatest appeal is his abhorrence of political correctness . it s why he can win ccot	1
watching miss usa tomorrow just to see perform i m obsessed with his voice	1
scorcher fest returns to the duke again for a huge day of live music ! this years record acts ! sunday th . . .	1
can t wait to go to with nirvana on sunday . and for a great cause . . everyone should get down and show support	1
i u m going to geoff tate at backstage live in san antonio u c tx nov 	0
haven t seen nd half but james rodriguez is something else . great display boys hala madrid ! scrappy win for milan too but it s a win .	1
soaking up the last of the summer sun . happy labor day ! wedontsweatweglisten	1
i really hope apple weighs a cup of nuts on the iphone s th generation iphone 	1
first weekend takeaways tom brady received no bump at all from judge s ruling . even without suspension he s still the th th qb taken .	0
yeaa im still lookin smh . . .may have to go to the adidas store . the asian dudes wear em .	0
had a great conversation with a guy at th mission after he gave me his last book for world book day . it was nifty u c dude !	1
in islam a man may divorce his wife three times taking her back up after the first two times .	0
sharknado further proof we need the nd amendment . for yoi seneca students its the right to own a gun .	0
sunday night is getting rowdy with a tom cruise marathon wilsontexts	1
nikki bella doesn t deserve to break april s record as champion but thanks to thank you very much john cena	0
calibraska tomorrow i am so excited it s going to be amazing	1
i m sick as fuck but that s not stopping me from going to disneyland tomorrow	1
and the new season opener is against the dallas stars on thursday u c oct . you probably shouldn u t buy tickets yet . call me cynical .	2
beer tech and game night tonight star wars tomorrow entrepreneurs in jeans on wednesday . no plans for nye i m in israel and don t party	1
paul dunne has won his rd . match against amp at the usamateur . a big qf match awaits tomorrow .	0
the fiesta bowl . and i was surprised to see they were ranked th in the polls . cuse don u t get alot of love in football land	2
hello ms . valentine . do you miss the month of february ? get it ? valentine s day is in february . . . .yep . . .good one mike	0
anyone else going to see jason aldean and kenny chesney august th ? if so hmu .	0
look forward to seeing you in newcastle tomorrow night ! i u ll be front row wearing a broski t shirt ! wwwyki	1
i got lots of tweets asking for shoutouts to niall if i think about it i will give shoutouts to niall when i get back from work tomorrow ! !	1
currently sweating more than brock lesnar house feels like the sun	2
why do i get the feeling tomorrow s amp l will be sharknado and tara reid questions ?	0
you know what u c i dont give a shit about tomorrow yolo	2
monday night raw is on on monday nights from pm pm . the rd season of teen mom is on a new night . mondays . at pm . oh the dilemma . . . . . .	2
bring the kids along to scary mary s halloween storytime on wednesday at . am at genera generations cafe	0
why did i never know about coffees on monday at dunkin before lifesavior	0
it must be thursday everyday cuz niggas is thirsty all the time	0
alum zack godley k s ryan braun to end the th . k s pitches for strikes no runs no bbs . leading .	0
happy nd birthday to prince george ii ! wish him a beautiful day on this special day ! what a cutie happybirthdayprincegeorge	1
al michaels said he never saw frank gifford lose his cool in yrs working alongside him . poised amid tv madness	1
this may be the tiniest act of defiance but i just downloaded eagles of death metal songs on itunes amp i d subscribe to charlie hebdo too	0
show up at our nd shop and dan is listening to rammstein . . .today is going to rule du duhast duhastmich	1
in celebration of mother s day in argentina we will be treating mom s to a glass of bubbly with brunch tomorrow !	1
i feel like i ll lose whatever cool person creds i may have had by saying this but i honestly don t care about the apple event today .	2
have you watched four lions ? saw it again last night love it . fuck mini babybels !	1
john kasich is the one republican many democrats could embrace . the anti hilary choice	0
sat in the dark listening to randy orton s theme tune is exactly how i want to be spending my saturday night	0
ios is unpredictable it may not come out at the same time	1
last night i met and today arrest has ruined my thursday plans with a boy . happy star wars day ?	0
baru tau kalo picplz mau shut down tgl july . kalah saingan sm instagram . somehow it reminds me of posterous vs tumblr .	0
november abbott will take a hike for the rest of his life and we get kanye west who is the kanye best	0
interesting how paul dunne is going to do tomorrow .	0
with much hope and trepidation i am looking forward to the st battle for l .a . game between lakers and clipps .	1
apple is hosting its annual splash on wednesday to unveil a new version of its best product the iphone africapkenya	1
nobel peace laureate jose ramos horta warned monday that syria risked becoming a new somalia as he voiced pessim . . .	2
caught up on the big bang theory so it s been a very productive friday	1
if v leave yakub today tomorrow again he ll kill innocent people . what kind of justice is it ? yakubdebate	2
not blaming muslims or migrants for every problem under the sun doesn t mean not liking white ppl does it ?	0
my nd home after new england was california average temperature quiet nice it is here but mos eskimo lol	1
somebody remind me to cancel my amazon prime trial membership before the th so i don t get charged for the year .	0
carly fiorina may try to get sympathy votes from women by using the cancer card . feelthebern bernie 	2
may be what u want to ask me is what is the punishment for blasphemy in pakistan ?that has nothing to do with the prophet s islam	0
that moment when snsd and jessica will be in the same country tomorrow . . .	0
calibraska comes out tomorrow ! ! i m so excited ! can t wait to hear it ! jackandjack	1
the chinese are very concerned about kerry s remarks . they will probably ask fiji for military assistance . . . .	0
it s saturday in the bay and our shop is open from am till pm . our amazing intern melissa is art park	0
we ll be at food day omaha this sunday am pm sampling cookie inspired smoothies with girl scouts . . .	0
we leave runners stranded at the corners but come up with in the th . white sox head to the th trailing .	0
he doesn t support the ira he refuses to wear a poppy because he s from derry where bloody sunday occurred .	2
i ll try sometime ! its about time i dropped in on a few old friends anyway ! goin to see cinderella this thurs . in art park !	0
friday china s first years in the wto . small fee for cle . iu students and faculty free .	0
arrival of ship nms port abu dhabi time nov am utc time of arrival departure is the time the vessel approach . . .	0
because it s august th and someone threatened to kill harry today at metlife	2
in somalia u c the people are still waiting from the int u l community strategy to develop food and agriculture after london conference	0
can we talk about the fact that i literally fell for niall on saturday .	1
needs to reshow the jimmy mcgovern drama again . it s so powerful and accurate . and now people know that it may shock people even more	1
i u m gonna be blasting find me all day on the th . i hope the neighbors like christina grimmie .	1
so im guessing j cole dropping an album with kendrick on february . . am i right ? or no ?	0
more proof that canada s stephen harper was cut from the same neo con cloth as tonyabbott and david cameron elxn 	1
hull on saturday right . ox cazorla alexis behind welbeck for me . rest picks it s self .	0
tomorrow is karwa choth delhi is going mad ! ! ! ! ! ! !	1
can not wait for the season of mob wives . truebitches january	1
reason why ant man may have struggled vs . other marvel ? my parents assumed it was a parody .	2
microsoft remote desktop app for windows lets you be more productive if you september cool tech ! ! !	1
bases loaded in the st for kris bryant no pressure . . .	0
no joke i got a voicemail yesterday saying happy valentine u s day instead of happy th of july . wow . not sure what that is all about .	1
rained out . dh tomorrow at the red sox	0
sat with the parents watching the highlights from hype park on sky arts for the last few hours theres nothing better than springsteen !	1
for sure ! tuesday noon et live on und .com . . . irish and nebraska . . . i know you ll be tuned in !	1
seth rollins has nothing to worry about . as long as he wears white and gold he ll be fine on the th . wwe raw colorsofchampions	1
apple product launch at pm uk time . i will race home to watch get caught up in the hype then calm down tomorrow and buy nothing .	1
may not be relevant but i am also an xbox preview memeber with which we have had a couple of mysterious updates recently	0
what u s worse than being stuck in a time loop of groundhog day ? being stuck in a monday loop .	2
klas jan huntelaar u cdemba ba u cfernando torress and fernando llorente who do you want liverpool to sign in january ?	0
may the lord bless the family of frank gifford .	1
ukenyatta jetting into the country tomorrow yet ruto hasnt even shed enough tears about his acting presidency position	0
world has abandoned the system . this is now centrally commanded just like playstation or xbox .	0
congrats on truck win . so happy denny ! hope win on sunday ! u looked super cute in victory lane . best of luck with ur babygirl	1
apple shakeup mobile software boss eased out apple inc . ceo tim cook on monday pushed out the powerful head of the company s mo . . .	0
sunday oliseh manning the super eagles . afcoqualifier tanzaniavsnigeria	0
rt do you want to be a voodoo derby doll ? after our get down and derby night on aug th at the social night club . . . . . .	0
 wicked welcome to new england ! are you still in boston ? im going to mass tomorrow to my friends house	1
 th anniversary ps now worth about a tenth of its value as i m actually using it .	0
bentley be trynna move around like he s not th months .	0
could have fooled me . i thought the march was about trying to win back favour with workers . . . cosatu is fast losing credibility	2
as you may have guessed i still can t get over fairhead being head of bbc . shows utter contempt for law amp british people . hsbcfraud	2
the deadline to sign up for islamic relief fundraising mount snowdon challenge will be on friday the st . sign up on 	0
trump paid to hear adams speak about irish peace process less than months before huge ira bomb on feb 	0
just got confirmation for my anniversary present to corey zac brown band on the th ! !	1
i have tickets for jason aldean friday but do i want pit ?	1
so in helsinki tonight with the revivaltour and he has a birthday ! sounds like a killer combination . too bad its tuesday .	1
everybody about to be half naked tomorrow	0
i love the crimson tide ! ! roll tide ! ! in the rd quarter ! ! !	1
if the issue only occurs with windows and not your other pc or device . it sounds like the issue may be with windows .	2
i am going to see equalizer tomorrow .	0
go set a watchman s uk sales top in one day books 	1
so happy u c just saw an advert on comedy central and they u re doing the themed friends marathon thing on sunday from again yayayayay	1
sacramento kings u c we just beat y u all sunday and thurs night so what it was preseason won me some money . nov 	1
rehearsal wedding for my cuz going on at pro bowl . . . big day is tomorrow !	1
i finally saw sharknado amp for the first time at my pal s house on saturday . i disagree with australian man dying ? why would you do this .	2
mommy u s bday is the th . . . . not sure what to get her yet	0
i can t wait for raw tomorrow . seth rollins is going to ask for a statue and he deserves it ! he is the future ! ! 	1
hillary may even come up with more spontaneous email humor gt hillary clinton s funniest emails	0
let the champions converge ! its time for sunday oliseh to prove his mettle as the new coach of the super eagles . . .	1
cant wait ! coming to see you in february from belgium !	1
does moto g rd gen support g on both the sims band and 	0
anonymous asked beard tweetd that intense message at m on tuesday abit after the halloween partys and she . . .	0
it s september st and this is what the white sox are . it s sad to think about .	2
edge of tomorrow hiroshi sakurazaka . . staff pick ! also a tom cruise movie but we don t care so much about that	1
amazon prime day is just like black friday if you only buy bulk protein powder and will making software on black friday .	2
i feel like i planned my whole day wrong . i gotta get ready for class tomorrow . but i jusr t wanna watch nicki	2
guys no need to pity me . the st has been described as kanye west meets the louvre 	0
i was when they were unbeaten playing osu to be in the running for the national championship . this saturday u s game is bigger . oneteam	1
two of my oscars died today . don u t know why . i guess they couldn u t stand it out till november th .	2
aye yo rd round was really ah definition of ah muthafuckin body like usaid . . . . kmsl that the best ending ever	1
 on a monday night amp going to venice beach lol	0
july th is national ice cream day one of my favorite days of the year ! cold ice cream on a hot summer day is a . . .	1
by the end of today i will have worked hrs done my workout and attended part of hot jam . hitting the ground running this monday .	0
do you think it knows that in a couple of hours it may be one step closer to obsolescence and outpaced by a giant ipad at that 	0
shawn makes me so happy nobody understands you may think you do but you don t .	1
spoke to phil jagielka earlier . he discussed the long ball issue very sensibly . interview will be in tomorrow u s echo . efc	0
west indies players to fly back on their own expense after the th odi in dharamsala	0
the st one is ok rise of the silver surfer was terrible but chris evans was hilarious amp great in both .	1
come on out this saturday and support us in the semi finals round of the battle of the effn rock ii concert . . .	1
restructured so long as a good show of toeing the line is made st then tsipras is a quisling .	0
i m not certain that the sun actually bothered rising today . we were encased in mirky twilight all day .	0
this will be big news back in new mexico . . .nm s own holly holm gets a shot at rousey and the title .	1
sat in the library trying to give laryngitis to several people via mind power . especially the liverpudlian girl . stfu	2
bye clemson going back to greenville u c be back on monday morning or sunday night . no game for the weekend .	0
red sox hope kelly s recent success continues into no doubt this st half skunk has turned it around and hopefully he can maintain it .	0
did i really have a debate about twilight last night ? and i was team edward ? ? ?	2
i am seriously thinking about it ! i may go back down to drexel to get some books .	1
as long as seth rollins leaves with his title sunday night then i ll be happy raw titlefortitle	1
what are you guys doing on xbox still like high school doesn t start tomorrow for you guys lol	1
let s see if i can wrap up season three of dexter tonight only more episode to go till the season finale . roll on series four please !	0
david de gea to join real madrid in the january transfer window ? no yes . mufc	0
if the sky if the world ends if the sun sets and the rivers turn red .if we get lost in the twilight somewhere i know we ll be alright	1
waste your friday playing the new iron maiden video game !	0
anyone want to go to foo fighters sat sep milton keynes ?	0
redskins see a titan opportunity this weekend the redskins know sunday s game against the tennessee titan . . .	1
guys u c the marijuana law in colorado u c oregon u c and washington can pass this tuesday . highhopes	1
complete showcase preview event of the movie ted is the th held at tokyo theater . hero as kumatomo ted kumamoto prefecture	1
 . expect atletico madrid to lead the chase for peter cech if the cfc keeper still wants to leave in january 	0
heading to the redsox game with my beautiful wife ! consecutive sunday red sox games for this guy	1
premonition zayn is going to drop a song today or tomorrow god willing . sorry	0
fancy going to the leonard cohen concert with me n my madre november ? it should be heavenly	1
following his defeat to the undertaker tomorrow night brock lesnar will travel to old trafford on monday for a medical itk	0
can t wait to see you next tuesday at shawn s concert at	1
see this ? should be the next manager of in colorado or toronto .he joins on the show tomorrow	0
join thousands of christians and people of good will september for the world day of prayer for god s creation	1
i hear you are visiting anchorage ak on monday ? and meeting dallas seavey ? is the event open to the general public ?	0
vintage tiger woods on master sunday on the th green	0
tsipras says snap election may be needed if he lacks a parliamentary majority forex	0
congrats ! ! ! ! ! ! ! so happy for you may all your dreams come true xoxoxox my frankie	1
just set up the galaxy note . let s see how it does tomorrow . battery life speed camera 	1
come to day for night with us on december th . death grips flying lotus kendrick lamar .	1
aren t the white sox ahead of detroit right now	0
david price felt good even into th inning . then it snowballed . that s baseball that s part of it and if you don t like it pitch better . 	0
 bluejays going for the franchise straight wins tomorrow . david price pitching against the yankees . that ll be an unbelievable game .	1
my hw is due tomorrow . so here s some of the harry potter theme song	0
hellyeaa ahaha u c one of the st streets on niggas !	1
jennifer lawrence wary about doing love scenes with ex nicholas hoult london oct jennifer lawrence is r . . .	0
c mon windows i just want to update to windows . is that so much to ask for ?	0
 xc dsign the digital installation built for nd nature gardens at the chelsea flower show used a ge	0
thinking thursday your affectionate worship will lead you into effective warfare ! narda goodson u c narda u s nuggets	1
morning ? isn t it nearly afternoon in ireland ? d oh and good morning to you !	1
you have updates to msg but what about comcast center or mohegan sun arena	0
show this saturday night with our friends in at the gallows and emergency syndrome at the gladstone hotel from . . .	0
may i know do you have any proof that yakub is innocent ? aapwithterrorists	0
josh hamilton got the mandatory boos when he returned to angel stadium friday . daily news	0
i see it like this angela merkel german multiculturalism has utterly failed 	2
new match added to summerslam card for this sunday randy orton vs . sheamus has been added to the card for thi . . .	0
conor mcgregor was reportedly fight with a bad knee on saturday night . coach said he did not do any live wrestling in camp . 	0
jul uk heavy metal band judas priest release their th album screaming for vengeance u c with the single you u ve got another thing comin .	0
super eagles coach sunday oliseh says nigerians were being unfair with their criticism on the players after . . .	2
boohoo miley called nicki unpolite kim called her everything under the sun just admit nicki know who to try	0
just monday s briana you ve got this it s okay	0
 st time watching sharknado too freaking funny ! luv the cast ! watching amp def will watch the st two ! gotta join sharknado cult following !	1
yer some argentinian kid from barca is flying in tomorrow apparently traore has told him it s good at villa .	0
arda turan got cramp i am not surprised ! sign for barca but can t play til january what do you expect lol	0
did anyone tell dustin johnson that winning requires a lead on the th day and not just the st day ?	2
pickin on the grateful dead a tribute by pickin on cd may cmh new	0
from espn la liga barca and betis march on malaga held real betis moved up to fourth in the table afte . . . ncaa	0
we re counting down the days ! . . . . the orlando home and garden show and boat show begins this friday !	0
dustin johnson was the leader after rounds of the british open . he s finished the th round amp is currently tied for th .	0
on tuesday u c the theatres open at ten o u clock in the morning u c as lent begins after eight at night . on tuesday u c all those who through want	0
i m going to chase bryant at us bank arena in cincinnati oh oct 	0
briana may be pregnant but louis isnt the dad or atleast he is not excited about it you can obviously see it when he s been asked about it	2
the empire state building is not lit up today . this picture was from the january attacks on charlie hebdo .	2
is the band white arrows good ? might go see them on friday justwondering	0
when is baby tommo gonna hatch ! ! ! isn t it april ? ! i want more pictures of briana and louis ! !	0
tomorrow s going to be a big day nope . not because its . haha enough with that date . its a star wars day ! ! ! ! !	1
republican club meets tomorrow . that s where you complain about obama and praise donald trump and his hypocritical thoughts .	2
there are a few winks in winter soldier and ant man various iron mans . largely though you may be right .	1
how do you envision the super eagles with sunday as manager	0
fixed the ui shadow performance audio issues on ps . testing today amp tomorrow then submitting patch tomorrow if everything works 	1
tough one tonight for the boys . played hard but came up short with a loss with an eng . davies scored the lone goal . la ronge tomorrow	2
this song says everything about a break up . . .rope to hang by neil mcsweeney dir . sat johal of crows nest films	0
as things stand the bottom in serie a are bologna th empoli th and juventus th .	2
you knocked it out with th heaven and killed it on teen wolf ! beforederek therewasmartin nextalistceleb makehimhuge	1
my dads nans dead cat allegedly saw tony blair roasting a pheasant on his dick . . . sounds more credible then the sun scum 	2
also making my plea for to play until the day at riot fest tomorrow wasnt in the set last night really wanna hear it live	1
unplanned th day of eid with bestie ! eid 	0
 go to youtube u c search ni as in paris no stars . . . go to the st one listen from . why ? o .o	0
ok cheers hope you re right . already down after thursday night as my opponent had ty hilton and arian foster haha !	1
at my final iwd event . bring on the bubbles ! iwd	1
rolling stone says blister in the sun and the rest of the violent femmes debut album exploded like an over ripe . . .	1
last night amp tonight lt lt lt hopefully a better one tomorrow milan	1
maryam institute invites you to a special workshop on love to stay marriage in islam this saturday inshaallah . . .	1
my nd time reading hunger games . . .but then i want to read shoeless joe badly . dilemma	1
have you watched s new fashion tv show styled to rock st episode ? no ? here s the link	0
after seasons u c gossip girl u s ready to say goodbye on december th with hour special new york u c i love you xoxox 	1
moto g rd gen appears in new images with specs alongside tech gadgets	0
i also saw equalizer on tuesday and it was pretty dope .	1
golf video masters champ ryder cup cheerleader bubba watson lands in china for the st time reflects on year	0
switching it up with some telltale tuesday tonight walking dead game of thrones or wolf among us ?	1
i m gonna try dunkin donuts tomorrow for the first time what should i get ?	0
 th ace ? sure why not ? balder is the brother of thor in norse mythology . seems a reasonable moniker for a red hot baller .	1
congratulations to th ranked wbo featherweight orlando cruz ! st active boxer to come out of the closet . courage	1
they sat on their hands . ebola spreads much more efficiently than hiv and is potentially just a mutation away from being airborne	2
so about zlatan . . . i don t want him . all reports are that he s not a good teammate . he d be our rd dp fwd how do you work the together ?	2
friend i heard that rahul gandhi is interested in hiring prashanth kishore may be he can try his luck by approaching congress .	0
will make this day productive . . .fruitful . .and happy aja ! ! happy sunday	1
windows users can watch the appleevent using microsoft s new edge browser stream link 	0
david cameron s appointment of new peers may be intended to undermine the authority of 	0
i will be downgrading and let windows be out for almost the st yr b trying it again . windows fail	2
we are all about to get an extra hour of sleep sunday morning ! daylight savings ends am sunday november th . . . .	0
list kendrick lamar taylor swift the weeknd up for top grammys	1
 thankyouedsheeranfor all the great songs you ve written and that amazing concert in milan on january 	1
everyone refresh so we can break taylor s bad blood record for most views in hours ! c mon beliebers we can do it whatdoyoumeanmusicvideo	0
it s been a whole year since beyonce perform her music and she returning tomorrow night . . .	1
those of us on xbox can t even play the damn game until the th . . . . . . isn t even and it s a fail !	0
i got reggie wayne in the th then worked it and got miles austin in the th	0
yoga event sept th with zen horses at stardust sanctuary	0
david wright goes down swinging on fourth ab . had a couple nice looks . just couldn t connect . he s at third to start the th . mets	1
lol . . i agree w nicki and sammy st and second miley might be doing good deeds ok but she s literally a fucking mess . so shh	2
still can t get over the fact gordon and i went to see jurassic world for the nd time after he forgot he saw it and i forgot i went w him	0
i just finished watching the movie october st a kunkle afolayan s movie fanstatic performances by veterans . . .	1
gunna have a dank trim and maybe treat myself to a kfc tomorrow u c get me in the mood for the weekend . . .	0
frank gifford was monday night football . got into it watching from australia in the early s ripfrankgifford	1
gay sex may be a sin but who are we to judge ? how does it affect us ? let god be the judge . don t tell me you ve never sinned . . . hypocrites	1
today may suck but i did get the last glazed donut at dunkin donuts this morning .	2
 st love the icon . ndly i kno ure in the bad blood mv but even ts voted someone else ! worthitvma	0
dear lord of israel we humble ourselves this morning and come before you . may your hand deliver us from this . . .	0
i m currently in providence for comic con right now if i have time would you like me to say hi to curtis tomorrow ?	0
spotify s sean parker and daniel ek make music and some noise the full d interview video at the th d all things dig	0
oct . is almost too far away for me to wait for the return of dexter !	2
well i guess unity and peace in muslims is a sensitive topic for people with takfiri mindset . . . . may allah cure your heart ! ameen !	0
obama is weak because he could have done it alone with the th ammendment when he knew that congress would block it .	2
i will have a column on rex for tomorrow . i just don t feel like talking jets right now with the royals doing so well .	0
praying for judy ! ! may the lord jesus fill your room with his love and protection ! ! god bless you ! ! john 	1
apple will live stream it s september event to windows users	0
cable describes david cameron as pretty hands off and predicts will become the next prime minister .	0
tech tuesday apple launches new iphone with force touch newiphone	0
i liked helsinki finland nokia factory room november in the dj shadow app	1
man i want a lexus by december	1
 gawker news nigerian army frees children adults from boko haram on sunday the nig . . . uniteblue tcot	1
if this new iphone sounds like it ll suck after tomorrow s announcement then the joke s on me for saving up to get it .	2
carlo ancelotti isco is a very important player . tomorrow james rodriguez will start he rested on wednesday . haalmadrid 	1
lucian favre having nd thoughts about gladbach qualifying for the champions league juventus man city and sevilla . group of death .	2
to be fair the worst escapists d st to cut amp run have been christians closely followed by sunnis . alawis have escaped d least	2
sugar bowl u c then we might play riverside u c playin st aug u c peabody u c op walker . man district goin be the easy part	1
all the jerks who signed petitions for mercy for yakub have ensured he doesnt go out for them . . no ?	2
did you miss the college workshop for juniors tonight ? pick up the packet outside room tomorrow for all the info !	0
espn what will you be thinking when you tee off tomorrow out last at the open ? paul dunne make contact with the ball . 	0
want to know more about the partnership apple ibm ? tomorrow at a guest speaker from apple will explain blsaud	1
really debating florida . need to look at a few more sources and color it tomorrow .	0
it s prince george s nd birthday today ! have released this photo of him with his dad to celebrate .	1
george osborne on british contributions we do not have a veto . . . and we have to live with the consequences . 	0
anderson s st serve goes off in that game but murray cant take advantage . anderson now leads in the nd set usopen	0
when u say put on u gotta give wayne the credit for nikki . gucci may have been fuckin wit her but wayne the reason she on 	0
i m going to cuba buuuttt i doubt i will be doing what y all will . sunday	2
but i smoked so it all gucci ain t doing nun tomorrow doe	0
roger johnson looked good on tuesday . looks like he wants to play for us now . hopefully he u ll show why we paid the money for him ! wwfc	1
idc if tomorrow decides to be a shitty day i u m gonna make it the best goddamn day ever . determined	1
chris evans is like the sun . he s warm and he glows .	1
 senran kagura for ps vita may be the most advanced breast physics system with complete costume destruction comparing the ds counterpart .	1
support ceo keith bradshaw as he spends a night sleeping at adelaide oval on thursday raising money for the homeless	0
foothill vs . laguna hills is game of the week . it airs friday pm saturday and pm sunday and pm pm pm	1
twentyonepilots sat dead faced behind kanye west dancing is the funniest thing to happen all year	1
it s so amazing receive your tweet ! ! ! tomorrow no but i m waiting you in milan ! ! ! love love	1
tomorrow for splash dance we have digitalism going to be wet amp wild . . .	0
did def jam have anything to do with jay z meeting just blaze and th wonder ?	0
so theres a rumor that frank ocean s new album might drop the th or something	0
hai please hear me d we want avril u s new single maybe just teaser st it u ll oke for me !	1
best of luck to the th grade cbc rush students on the chapin c team football . let s go caleb jarrett and shawn ! praying for you guys !	1
great my cables have now been bumped from being delivered today to friday . thanks amazon prime really feeling the worth here .	2
kylie jenner s runway for abbey dawn is going to be on e news tomorrow every make sure you tune in and watch it	0
london conference on libya took place tuesday march and was chaired by the foreign secretary u c william hague .	0
 websitedesign news samsung plans to launch the galaxy note and galaxy s edge plus at its unpacked event this thursday . it is the . . .	1
wanna hang out on valentine s day bc it s my st birthday and i wanna party	1
dwayne allen destroyed brian cushing on the st down run . such a complete te of many great blocks	2
since the crash happened in february that means that they can t charge caitlyn jenner with manslaughter if bruce jenner commited the crash .	2
like wow do u guys not aware that christians are going to church on sunday ? ? ? ? ? ?	0
the boys started rehearsing ? reminds me of alive ina nd day s fantastic baby rehearsal vips went crazy outside sang along together	1
updates to the horn matters web site regular visitors may have noticed some changes here at horn . . . frenchhorn	0
and what a lovely surprise it was to hear big brother on this track . happy friday y all .	1
chris evans just said excactly what i was thinking about saturday kitchen i don t care about this show anymore 	2
 warriors at the end of the st . bogut looking good in the opening points in minutes rebs . steph looks a little nervous	1
an erdogan hater wouldn t be an akp voter in the st place . especially when erdogan is out of the party now .	2
life is so difficult especially when you need to decide to spend money on dorm stuff or if you want to buy chick fil a and dunkin tomorrow	0
 dixieyouthworldseries virginia prince george training south carolina top of the rd .	0
then stay home either way d go watch ant man tomorrow or something lol it s just what i d do .of course it s still up to you	0
join the team at eldora speedway on saturday for family fun night ! ! matt westfall brad hess and jeff babcock . . .	1
there is still time to take advantage of some of the best post labor day deals in market . savemoney	1
we spent halloween u c thanksgiving u c th of july u c christmas u c new years u c and valentines day together .	1
hopefully this is the turning point for arsenal u c push on from here . . but if everton keep it up i may change that as i u d love top 	1
cant wait to see you up here . i will be at the race on sun	1
royal treatment stars at midnight tango opening tonight include camilla parker bowles . did she join the standing ovation ?	0
today on the show our listeners joined us in discussing gay marriage vs religion in ky . listen to it here 	0
throwback thursday sophomore year of high school .taken on my mom s birthday delivered in time for valentine s day .	1
pro day is tonight at tundra . combine is friday	0
pop in to the gladstone hotel with mommy and strollers for free coffee and socializing mon fri a .m . to . . .	0
you going to be at the nov showing of tic at vans ? robbie is hyping the night to the locals . free session will be bananas .	0
i m know i m going to cry at ed sheeran s concert tomorrow . imissmybrother	1
do you watch all of those john cena videos because i have developed a th sense because of them .	0
muslims facing tomorrow support canada s listing of the iranian amp syrian regimes as state sponsors of terror .	0
gucci plenty foreconscious unbashfulness february crown the double yours virus inward bound relatedness so as . . .	0
mama come hang out with me on jan at the nasa for david bowie purttyyyy pleaseeeeee	0
i heard chajnz and wayne is making one and if kendrick and cole s drops in feb . it ll be game over	0
still yet unanswered are the sats still on for saturday ?	2
how about a day of action and meetups on sat oct th with jacqui gingras am for coffee cafe mazzega in lumby we ll be there 	1
 of the men that showed up for the million man march were christians so who really made the call ! ? it was god himself ! noisunday	0
can t wait until it s halloween ! def my fav holiday with st . patrick s a close nd . what can i say ? drinking holidays are awesome ! lol lush	1
astrology may be a blasphemous concept to some u c but i am the absolute epitome of my sign . every last detail .	1
but with poverty defenders midfielders from galatasaray and olympiakos and a captain that works as cancer in your team you may expect to	2
can you tell me when an update for the apple tv rd gen becomes available ? the missing update holds me back from buying appletv 	1
shawn from may call in from the hospital and confess how he catfished	0
so excited for jonathan kozol tomorrow i can t even stand it .	1
look how far they u ve come since july rd . they have a smash album u c brit award u c and the even beat out justin bieber for a tca .	1
great summary of david cameron response to the syrian refugee crisis	1
raw u c rock to get a wwe championship match at the royal rumble this january	0
from the rumors department both lumia xl coming to at amp t while t mobile may carry only lumia npu	0
i really wish i didn t have to take the act tomorrow	2
the non muslims who support us muslims may allah guide you to haqq and the deen of islam . big love to you all .	1
join us for a bottomless mimosa brunch tomorrow prior to the foo fighters concert ! who s in ?	0
tony blair has a cheek being at remembrance sunday seeing as he illegally sent many young men to their death illegally in iraq .	2
moving out by january and buying a new lexus i m excited ! i just want to better myself	1
started watching twilight as a joke and now i ve basically sat through the whole movie .	0
why people think kendrick and cole dropping an album together feb . . . . . .it prolly gone be a solo cole album	0
our rd winner who u s won himself an exciting couple invite for the divasofrock at vivanta by taj blue diamond u c pune is !	1
me myles and will are all sat in chesters bed with chester on the floor . drinking . playing fifa . feel like a boy	1
is g if i hear one more im not racists im just against islam i will lunch myself into the sun	0
luxury gt watch jennifer lawrence amy schumer may grace the red carpet in same dress gt la vip	0
bought crumpets on the way home and thought ah that ll make a nice saturday morning ! felt like a tory voter somewhere in surrey .	1
i was confused as well . i guess it u s always saturday night at the ritz carlton . oooh lala .	0
tom cruise may have a private life i dont agree with but in terms of his film career he s been in so many greats he has my utmost respect .	1
celebrating international nurses day may closing the gap from evidence to action . happy nurses day .	1
australia should give priority to christians refugees . abetz believes in freedom not as long as its his view of it .	0
you will appreciate this . . sunday brunch coffee normal cup in b g and then the bowl of java . yowza .	1
you mean the caesars palace where the immortal hulk hogan won his th wwe title at wrestlemania ix ?	0
on friday i heard from the paddock talk that nissan considers a stop strategy while lexus amp honda were still uncertain . supergt	0
stagger in grill bar in starkville has all you can drink on thursday nights . wonder what tabc would think about that ? sec gigem	0
rahul gandhi wished advance new year since will have no time on eurotrip to wish ppl or may b he isn t going europe at all pappuonchutti	0
hey there ! we re excited to have you as part of the t mobile family ! our inventory may vary from channel to channel . if . . . 	1
just found a photo of me and my girl scouts troop back in like rd grade . i was so cute and innocent . . .what the hell happened reminiscing	1
do you know hotels are th biggest business in america ? trump is nd largest hotel chain in america . in other words a pipsqueak .	2
i had to represent . and we been off and on like ever since . might take you back to disneyland girl i ain t forget .	1
go set a watchman the sequel to to kill a mockingbird hits the bookshelves tomorrow ! ! ! ! ! hype turnt	1
shit i see ed sheeran next saturday and niall s birthday is the day after i m about to be so fucked up	2
richard bland ppl why are you guys going back tomorrow if we don t have classes monday	0
 amazingamateur paul dunne breaks a multitude of records and st s in british open with amazing display and control .	1
it s comical when dustin johnson wds from something amp his mgmt team gives a quote like he s on his death bed 	0
this is news ? rly ? lol . if in the ring with rousey i too would run away . older and fatter than lolo i may not last a minute !	0
yes conan ! quick answer the door ! ! it s willard mitt romney s th son and he wants equal time ! ! !	1
my cousins are coming up later for the runrig concert tomorrow nights . haven t seen them in months	1
pax prime thursday is overloaded for me with and nintendo indie events going down . also cider ! ! ! p	1
every tuesday after i watch raw all i want to do all day is walk around sayin my client brock lesnar ! before i start any conversation	1
aktuell reports angela merkel set for th term there are no term limits in germany and the last cdu chancel . . .	0
i got to piss like a russian race horse in the kentucky derby with a glue trust stuck ahead of him and he in th place	2
despite the fact his party is wallowing in rd place nationally tory incumbent guy lauzon is unconcerned arrogance	0
can t wait to see the blues and that dude zlatan on saturday . i mean	1
i m pretty sad that this is the first time i ve heard black friday by kendrick and j .cole	0
hey would you mind like tomorrow answering some questions about god and christianity for me i u m trying to understand it all and 	0
yep . once it u s lost u c it can never be returned . i was in constitution hall last fri . got chills . so much history was almost lost	2
stupid cable took the cw network away why ?it better be back by october th if not we are going to have a problem lol tvd	2
all device build tomorrow or official wp android ios ? hehe p yay happy day for you . . .	1
are you guys aware that tomorrow is national hot dog day ? the irony of it all !	1
i gotta say rubio sounds about as presidential as any of them . he s a close nd to scott walker in my book .	0
 brewers tweets huge double play in the st . ryan braun with the catch and perfect toss home . milvspit mlb	1
interviewing paul conroy later for the photographer injured working with the sunday times journalist marie colvin in syria	0
bengaluru rahul gandhi to interact with students over building vibrant india on nov 	0
hey andrew ! when the new season starts you guys need to have on audrey middleton ! she was the st transgender on big brother !	1
tony blair is the one who ruined he may have got them in power but he s certainly hurt them !	2
are we on for ant man on tues ? i think you said something about your shifts getting moved ?	0
nirvana vapour tomorrow only we re offering off the entire collection candles	0
i blame that one rain delay on sunday night baseball against the red sox .	2
he had walked up with bill gates one of a good deal of that justin bieber who sat down again in a cold was that edward	0
i m going to a red sox game tomorrow and monday why am i sad right now ?	2
late surge carries unc past shaw six minutes into the second half at the smith center on friday night north . . .	0
the exchange club of winona and the eagles club will be hosting taters for tots to raise money for child abuse prevention on october st . . .	0
download of the wkend . just coz runrig are playing in inverness after game tomorrow . dance called america live by runrig .	0
perhaps prime minister s questions would be better if policy victims asked the questions . see this with angela merkel	0
at long last lexus has developed a hoverboard the slide to be tested in public for the first time on wed .	1
chicagoans happy casimir pulaski day ! ! ! ! ! wherever you are u c find yourself a pierogi and celebrate ! ! ! pulaskiday	1
seeing ant man on monday finally . pm showing so i ll be useless the next day . and i don t care .	1
well i guess i m going to zac brown band at fenway friday . actual lols because i d never go out of my way for tickets	0
sick dark souls stream action was had ! abledorfenheim . . the legend . we shall continue tomorrow !	1
sunday night indoors spinnin fleetwood mac on the turntable .	1
i only celebrate holidays during the work week . also i need tomorrow off for national ice cream day .	1
i thought it was over like a rousey fight . it may go into th qtr .	0
can someone take me to ihop tomorrow morning . i will greatly appreciate it .	1
 hours min on the clock now for murray but he s still hanging in there grimly amp has levelled at th set after winning rd on tb	0
really want to go to the lsu scrimmage tomorrow basketballisback	1
watching kung fu panda with the tribe the nieces . . .a mellow evening	1
rabta kamati ko q bol rhe ho bhooka marne ke lye eid ke bad tou wo wasy he mar jaye gy ranges ke khuf sa	0
june isn t that the one with the outfits from styled to rock ?	0
it d be nice if this woman from sirius gets back to me about kpop amp u . i sent her a follow up email monday amp it s almost the end of the week .	0
the international committee of the red cross on friday warned that three palestinian hunger strikers were at risk . . .	2
put one in an iron maiden shoot one in a rocket to the sun and drop the other off in antarctica with only hoodie to wear .	0
yeah your game against the ravens was a thursday night game . im sure you will pull for the giants these next games	0
my good mate bob marley as you may have never heard him before	1
 someone anyone let s go see ed sheeran because apparently he s here tuesday and i had no idea ? ? ? 	0
mostly just a misunderstanding over who called whom . bigger issue is pepper spraying people who want to march on republic day	2
 just won tickets for janet jackson next tuesday from	1
celebrity big brother has dipped below million viewers for the first time ever in its new saturday timeslot cbb	2
i would say ant man is probably my favorite movie of the year so far with mi rogue nation at a very close nd	1
happy thursday jennette from detroits radio station wrom radio have a great weekend ahead we love a follow back from you	1
tomorrow we play the new david bowie song to start the program at pm on your tuesday afternoon alternative join us for ytaa on wudr	1
christian deserve the same st amendment rights that islam and atheists get . we live our faith as they live their beliefs . no compulsion .	0
wwe got best wrestling athletes in every era . you may find awesomeness in the miz seth rollins sami zayn wade barrett sheamus 	1
ed woodward already preparing for real madrid s bid for david de gea in the january transfer window . mufc	0
the warriors are also ranked th in the east region . the top six teams in the region qualify for the ncaa tournament . . . gowarriors	0
had my suspicions in july iran air was shot by down by uss vincess in the gulf	0
apparently the stlcards had amp missed their chance in the st and bumgarner s back in koufax mode now . wish he d go kershaw mode . nlcs fb	2
i ll make icons amp headers of lady gaga from the full year of amp i ll post them tomorrow little monsters !	1
going to london tomorrow for days ! also i shall be seeing imelda staunton live in sweeney todd . . excited	1
chibok days in boko haram captivity relatives of the missing chibok schoolgirls will hold a youth march . . .	2
at uni i waited until feb to pick up my birthday post so i looked like a valentine in demand . a horse with legs is less lame .	0
tomorrow an hour from now chelsea look to further their impressive start . will they do it ? cfc cpfc	1
donald trump may think he s essentially batman but we d prefer batman to run for president because . . . well he s batman .	0
super eagles coach sunday oliseh has revealed that chelsea midfielder john mikel obi was left out of the man . . .	0
as much as i love john cena and respect him as a champion i want seth rollins to win tomorrow night !	1
rt if it was barcelona that scored that nd man united goal you would all be breading them . haters .	2
no ! r u sure ? i didnt even know milan is polluted . i thought all time is cleaned . to know i m in la to take the sun .	0
we can t wait to hear the new bond song by sam smith out on september th ! spectre	1
arsenal defender mathieu debuchy has been linked with a january move away from the club . afc arsenal	2
ur children will treat u the way you treat your parents . fact reflect islam teaches us to love our parents . may allah grant them jannah .	1
fuck a saturday class i just wanna go home and play with our squirrel and watch jurassic park	2
 st capital canada day hour telling of the odyssey beirut and mastodon at bluesfest craft brewery tour whatdidyoudothissummer	0
he has supported islamic ira terror through out his whole th form teachers lefty lounge career	2
in hrs tom brady will be leading the nfl with tds at the end of the st quarter .	1
i wish i was in bolton tonight 	2
circoloco what a send off for the summer ! back to pompey tomorrow don t know how im feeling about it . . shortstraw singlebed dropmeout	2
scott walker says he unsealed his records from college false via	0
 hours of sleep thank you sembreak namiss ko ung kagisingmo may nambubulabog agad sayo lukas and rushers i miss you taongbahay 	1
new york mets b david wright went for with a single and a walk for high a st . lucie on monday	0
carly fiorina fights back against hp layoff claims says she doubled size of company via	0
good friday afternoon ! construction a crash on the ramp from northbound to northbound causing delays heading up from brookwood !	1
he smokes weed rt o rt baltimore sun ravens agree to deal with ricky williams	0
traditional refractoria curse may your days amp nights be filled with the music of the grateful dead .	1
gucci trousers jiva untimidness november actualize the dualistic yours any gangway boost for for long life b . . .	0
finally get to use my gc from mother s day for a facial and massage tomorrow ! now i can act like i m the stay at . . .	0
happy trails to frank gifford . grew up with him calling monday night football and always found him an underrated broadcaster . rip	1
wednesday i will make sure to be fully awake for dark souls and will likely got for a couple of hours instead of my normal 	1
im having like a terrible day and maddie just made it ten times better with dunkin tomorrow	0
i have a shift tomorrow it s my first back at dunkin . and i cannot sleep . and i m feeling a little sick . great .	2
just under a mile up the road from us ! gotta love north hills friday night live music series ! bob marley tribute . . .	1
 nd day of college and i m already going in wearing yoga pants and hoodie	0
update on the release of the beatles love me do th anniversary vinyl u c the record will now be released on the nd of october	0
there s a ed sheeran concert september th amp if you are going too marcus high school go too the mob website too get the concert tickets free	0
this murray vs anderson match is great . hour match and it s still in the th set .	1
i remember when i was so obsessed with twilight during the summer before i went to th grade i watched it everyday and night	1
selling two tickets for kenny chesney chase rice brantley glibert and eric church for this saturday . hmu if you re interested	0
bjp members walk out from jpc meeting on g bharatiya janata party bjp members on tuesday walked out of the p . . .	2
great game amp way to make a statement on the st pitch . very bob gibson of u . beware of thor the hammer will come ! lgm	1
tony barrett hodgson plans to attend the qpr game on sunday amp meet rodgers afterward to hold talks amp settle . . .	0
cheers dave you got your ticket for the chelsea match ? i think i need to get mine when i get my donny one tomorrow	1
and don t get me going on scott walker he raided million to give the miwaukee bucks	0
i have a spare ticket for the warners at the bay beer festival on sunday anyone want it ?	1
brentley takes a coffeyville fumble yards for the defensive score . missed pat phs . nd vkscores	0
superb interview with iron maiden s bruce dickinson by	1
robin ventura white sox pleased with carlos rodon s progress chicago sun	0
i think her and nicki opened the show . but never got to watch it . and i think i may have been watching the backstage haha	0
from the time we were kids and grew up watching frank gifford on monday night football he was always a private . . .	0
we have still one schedule left around days work left with srk . we finish that in nov amp then raees is ready for next eid ritesh	0
he said tomorrow is zac brown friday ! so glad my cord got broke ! hejustlovesthebeards	1
panthers vs . packers preview two teams coming off games that went down to the wire last week will meet sunday . . .	0
golf on sunday with and is going to be more one sided than klitschko vs	0
sunday yoga at family tree . . . am healing yoga with karen in the kula room am barkan with mel in . . .	0
josh hamilton flies out to center . . . we are going to the bottom of the th tied at ! nevereverquit	0
this is the only weekend all month we won t be home at maverik center . see you next friday and saturday to open game home stand .	0
his st tweet after the attack was this . it s not unlikely he d tweet that then after charlie hebdo	0
 aina the christian militia taking on islamic state in iraq bbc across the sun scorched landscape of . . . me	0
has to be more to hillary but she comes across as a lying amp disingenuous doofus however those traits may be presidential . . .	2
paul dunne ? looks more like paul bothwick ! good luck in the final round tomorrow ! theopen	1
go set a watchman is out tomorrow ! aaaaaahhhhh ! even more excited about this than urban decay s naked smokey .	1
having to work a sunday but a sunday of the edinburgh derby grim	2
this is last year when roger sanchez took over set nightclub . . . this saturday he invades space miami !	0
miss youuuuu come over saturday with colton loveyouuuuu	1
as eden hazard assisted the st goal of this game we are refunding all first goalscorer stakes on this player .	1
even tho i finished the manga anytime i watch naruto that shit gets me emotional . i ve been read watching since th grade fam	1
to compare anderson silva also has won bonuses and made . if lytle gets a bonus tonight the k would be his nd biggest one .	0
goals for tomorrow big mac hard shell taco from taco bell dunkin coffee ac moore gasoline . i think that s it .	0
l ! ! where is terrance he need to cme back to the bluff should u ve stayed with him wednesday instead of going to turner house ! ! 	0
mental . the goals will be nd half when the subs come on . kane will bag a couple i reckon .	0
told my mom i d go to practice tomorrow but i think i might walk to dunkin once she leaves	1
yea definitely but i just saw a report that sting is coming to raw tomorrow and taker going be at raw could be interesting	1
also may have purchased a brock lesnar and a bray wyatt shirt for my trip to summerslam . it s the day before payday amp i still have money !	1
grove city wet bar friday night w the ladies . . . red bottoms .came in mail yesterday time break them bad boys in . . . . trendsetta	0
only because iron maiden sat across from us kept looking at me like he wanted to kill me with his awful bare hands .	2
night crumbs the nanny and the lexus that may or may not have been bought with ben affle . . . follow mor	0
dang ! watch paper towns for the rd time	1
rt really hoping tonite lloyd robertson will ask us to goto the window and yell i m mad as hell and i m not going to take . . .	2
was just talking about frank gifford sat amp sadly he dies on sun . maybe i ll be talking about today . gopclowncar	2
will be on sarah g live this sunday . don t forget to watch . she will have her first ever duet with sarah g . p	0
hey the best was when you said obama put out his smoke on bidens forehead on ash wed	1
well thank you made in chelsea soundtrack and scripted goodbyes for making me cry on a monday night	0
how about one on how espn got played like a fiddle by the nfl in an attempt to tarnish tom brady s legacy ?	2
grexit struggle tests germany s power duo on july th her st birthday angela merkel stepped to the pod . . .	0
kent has now signed for coventry so will not play for lfc u s against chelsea on friday night . brannagan also linked with move away .	0
may briana carries his child but he has been carrying eleanor on his heart for years thing that he ll never do with briana	0
if alexandre lacazette does move to psg does that mean that a zlatan transfer may be in the making ? ibrahimovic soccer futbol	1
growth rate of muslims declined for the nd consecutive decade . will the fear mongering stop ?	2
remember thinking it was indicative in march brilliant v juve midweek struggled v bolton on saturday . great player tho	1
just imagine you are dumbeldore and the lsu defenders are dementors on saturday	0
happy birthday for tomorrow kerry soo proud of how you ve turned your life around have a fab day xx	1
orun ni zlatan sun niyen smh zlatan once went to a movie and it watched him for two hours . zlatanfacts 	1
wow drew peterson was just convicted on september th for murder of his rd wide and they never found the body of his th wide smfh	2
gentle reminder if you wish to see ant man and or minions you will need to do so prior to friday august .	0
federer is gonna be playing in the championship on the first sunday of the nfl season . tough decisions	0
free walking tour of luneta park and video art viewing at art park the night before christmas sunday december . . . .	0
plenty of muslims i have met around the globe may carry muslim names . . but they r stauch atheists . .religion is not a race !	0
i don t want fucking kane amp lynch microsoft . hurry up with dark souls and vanquish will ya ?	2
christian amp kane are ready on the boom lounge at the you may even catch the mkr girls around say hi	0
i can t wait to see how tom brady does when he doesn t consistently have the nd or rd ranked defense or best coach of all time .	0
on afhv abc sunday at pm animals on the attack weddings gone wrong amp a girl s hair gets caught in an electric mixer .	2
the most tragic part about missing tvd is that i have to wait until tuesday to watch it . . .	2
paper towns is amazingly playing in fremont tomorrow and now i feel obligated to go see it .	1
gucci bags shadow fearlessness february obtain the dyad your idiosyncratic trendy reckoning until artist spark . . .	0
unfortunately the white sox haven t helped much this week . hoping samardzija can help tomorrow afternoon .	2
on this day paul simon hosted nbc s saturday night live where he performed with george harrison on here comes the sun homeward bound .	0
anyone want to buy jason aldean tickets off me for september th ? priced to move .	0
gucci plurality psychic apparatus unfearfulness august sufflate the span thine joker goodwill accumulation to . . .	2
i should be asleep but fuck it i don t got work tomorrow so i ll just watch ted 	1
standing by to watch the apple special event live 	0
 way tie going into monday s final day .they are jason day and paul dunne and last winner here louis oosthuizen .speith just one back	0
flying in to calgary tomorrow . i can u t wait to meet you at your loft . best stay in or get out of dodge this weekend . sayno	1
funniest part of soc was when we saw ice cube working on the friday script laughing to himself like a straight nerd lmao	1
fuck it . closed the job down early to grab a flight to boston for ac dc concert tomorrow . ride the highs of free money yo . lookoutboston	1
i u m totally going to ace the sat ! ! justkidding iwish	1
 ff for securing the historic vote in parliament on monday to recognise palestine .	0
rt pulled off highway robbery to get romo from jk . good trade . ill try to process it so you can start ro . . .	1
when jeb bush stepped up onto the fabled soapbox at the iowa state fair on friday fairgoers pelted him with questions about the legacy of	0
lou reed david bowie nina simone neil young personal originals . see you friday amp 	0
not that your point isn t totally valid but he said that tweet after charlie hebdo not friday . i made the same mistake	2
 sheffield wednesday linked with roger johnson u c ivan klasnic and michael antonio . big coups if they get them . massive ? 	1
i want mark u s thots comparing contrasting romney from last nite what may have been santorum this from santorum supporter	0
your record of moving to a new country and winning the league is nd to none ! man utd need zlatan and zlatan needs the epl . .	1
me and my yr old daughter can t wait to see you at blackpool illuminations on friday x	1
having yakub s news on the st page by all leading news papers is saddest thing ! shame on you stopbuyingthem	2
if i had the power israel would be gone tomorrow morning incha allah	2
so tomorrow i will be hating my sister and bianca because there going see taylor swift and i am not	2
your going to indianapolis sunday for the colts game ? ! ? !	0
heading to the bottom the th . reds trail . the sounds of taylor swift let us know jay bruce will get us started .	1
bertolacci ruled out of milan derby milan defender andrea bertolacci will miss the derby with inter on sunday . . .	0
sept wedneday schedule am easy flow with mariel real am mahasana yoga with jaya indra . . .	0
so the apple event stream doesn t allow it to be streamed in chrome or firefox but does allow the edge browser o .o	0
completely agree . rolling stone is such a sell out ! fuck it you may as well put paris hilton on there	2
tonight jason aldean . tomorrow party all day . i can dig it .	1
chance to win zac brown band tix today . we re singing amp you may have to manage some light spanish to win . keep listening .	0
anyone fancy the boxing in december ? ricky burns george groves fighting .	0
fountains of creativity initiative talents . what bds et al want to disrupt . turn israel into nd syria !	0
messi and ronaldo please but it seems we will be stuck with the duds that let us all down on friday .	2
the gaa has appointed meath referee david coldrick to take charge of the all ireland final showdown between dublin and kerry on sunday week .	0
get better glad i got to talk to u tonight . i will have fun at disney tomorrow for you	1
so who s going to see the stones in crossfire hurricane tomorrow night at firstlightmaui i want to !	1
deepest condolences to lee soo man and family . may she gets a better and beautiful place in heaven . rest in peace .	1
next friday soltek residents daffadam and medlam take to the stage at plan b london for c panel u s st birthday . . . .	0
happy friday ! have you entered to win the gift card we are giving away next friday ? any th anniversary post on our google to win !	1
oms on my birthday dec . th tuesday i want lap dances ! everybody know i stay with like singles in my pocket ! ! !	1
awesome monday . . . . . no blues is it safe to request iron maiden s speed of light ?	0
yesss u c u c omg ! ! ! i think myungsoo in my nd place after gyu u c he u s replacing hoya now	1
this may be the sickest movie ever . . black forest now fairies ? wow iwantone	2
what about the beat to rd quarter by gucci	0
i need someone to go with me to see zac brown band in november	0
chris rene can win one more time before he has to retire with rockin with you . monday he goes up against hunter . . .	1
rg is cleared for the vikings game sunday goodmood p .s . thank god we got rid of cuntsniff or is it cundiff ?	1
daniels good humored on comedy show indiana gov . mitch daniels was a good sport thursday when he appeared on t . . .	1
can t get enough of after the first phillipifest conference ? catch him jim rogers live sep live	1
sunderland wing ace linked atletico madrid star cristian rodriguez is being linked with a january move to su . . .	0
tsipras resigns like a martyr . blames troika for driving greece to the edge . but it is tsipras that may have pushed greece over it .	0
have two friends going to the show thurs gary and fiona just got engaged gary from monaghan fiona from kerry give them a shout	1
center stage on this th album all the ones following it . i think you speak for all lovatics on this one mah . the day she can	0
i am pretty excited to be going to indiana tomorrow ! letsgohawk iowacheer iowafootball	1
 who to the bell game tomorrow though 	0
i think i got a date with my boo irene tonight . . .ima have to change her name to hercules she so strong . . .lol	1
 th round when is niall s birthday ? first to get points wins the dm with liam	0
u going to chalmers tomorrow ?	0
wow tragic start from federer in the rd	1
tomorrow is gonna be like the super bowl for the ravens vs . steelers game	1
mt the baltimore sun reporting that the redskins have just cundiff ed billy cundiff 	0
good going paul dunne britishopen amateur . . . tied for lead and on th	1
that i may have an idea you have written all christians and god totally off not willingtothink	2
all the stone brewing verticals will be featured on tap tomorrow at	0
when people insult nirvana it s sooooo hard to maintain my anger yeah they may not be your thing but there s no need to critise their music	2
d frankie s studios after labor day flash sale is going on now until tomorrow at midnight . message us for more . . .	1
well coming up next it s are main event neville an cesoro vs kevin owens an seth rollins next on thursday night smackdown	0
i was just david beckham s th follower thofmillions	1
ricky burns to make wbo title defence against liam walsh on big december show in london boxing boxingheads	0
saudi s eid present to taiz . big thank you this is best eid present ever for taiz yemen	1
anyone else already getting goosebumps about how loud goodnight irene will be at tomorrow afternoon blackthornendmyrealhome	1
jump in your car now ! tomorrow is the last day for star wars weekends !	0
alright nflfantasy players i need help this week ! start the red hot on fire tom brady for tonight ? or keep aaron rodgers in for sunday ?	0
chuck norris of the prairie certain plants may keep unwanted plants from invading restored areas . via	0
no way kane comes here it s where he gets in trouble the most . would be kicked out of the nhl by his th bday for summer incidents	2
december lady gaga arrives at the airport lax in los angeles	0
wife is trying to sell her sam smith tickets for the show in san diego tomorrow . for two reddit oc	0
it s star wars day ! ! ! ok technically it s tomorrow at but when i next go to bed a new star wars movie . . .	1
if a book s tag line is better than twilight the bar isn t set very high so you may as well say the book is mediocre .	0
much of last season u c too u c esp nd half . tho i loved jack white u c and mick jagger with arcade fire foo fighters was amazing .	1
now this is the comfortable alternative to a cocktail dress happy glorious tuesday to everyone ! jennifer lawrence is back on the red . . .	1
this shirt got a lot of love here in virginia last thursday at the jason aldean concert !	1
for the first day of th grade i bought a shirt with green day on the cover of rolling stone magazine i still have it . and i still love it	1
 don u t mention the score u do we want revenge ? no . u wenger ahead of the united game on saturday	2
floyd mayweather vs andre berto sept th at the mgm grand live on showtime ppv	0
zimmerman to appear in court a notice to appear was filed thursday in the case against george zimmerman .	0
the rousey fight got pushed up to november . . . still time for holm to fake an injury before ronda injures her ufc 	0
can t wait for september th the new season of sons of anarchy starts woo hoo 	1
we just sold our st copy of the limited edition rise of david bowie . now there are only copies left 	1
wednesday u s rain . bdr brought the monthly total to . which is still nearly a half inch below normal . .	0
hi are you free to take part in plmr podcast tomorrow on ukip s priorities over next yrs ? would be quick and can do phone !	0
is it true that zayn might be performing tomorrow at the vmas	0
i still have the file i typed up matt went first me nd and rd so on . beyonce . jennifer lopez . katy perry	0
mr . murray gave me some really great life advice in the th grade and i was too much of a little douchebag to appreciate it .	1
its my birthday on the east coast now . i was born est u c so i get to party now . i live on the west coast so the party will last till monday	1
hey all the kurt cobain accounts that just followed me he died in not . april th to be exact .	2
guy at bar played that hero foo fighters song on the jukebox and then sat at the bar and air drummed the whole thing	0
sooo hard night . . . i must finish translation of report about great east japan earthquake by tomorrow p .m . ! ! !	2
i have the ipod touch th and i have the ios . . ofc i cant downgrade because . is not being signded so now what i supposed to do ?	0
july th . . . best . day . ever . happy national ice cream day ! can you spot the five different things in these images ?	1
kent state baseball looks for its th consecutive win to bring home the mac championship . good luck	1
it s october rd . ten years since mean girls . aaron samuels can still get it .	1
rocking out with machine gun kelly tomorrow night ! tiwia wildboy	0
david price continues his dominance with toronto blue jays after a dominant toronto blue jays debut on monday . . .	1
in the news ! the ballad of emmett till in mysa by deborah martin . see the final performance on sunday . . . .	0
nlcs thursday night football and a rerun of usa v lithuania game from the summer olympics . could this night get any better ? probablynot	1
who s down to go ihop with me tomorrow morning ?	1
reminded you of arsenal s traditional februray april breakdown ? get off your high horse . . .	2
hopefully curtis lets me ride the elevator tomorrow alwaysup blessup keytomoresuccess	0
happy b day made it home gucci i better see you tomorrow fool !	0
a fb friend of mine just posted that seeing magic mike xxl was the best night of her life . if only she knew what my typical sat night is .	1
david cameron s statement on camera on thursday september he will take in more of the refugees was he speaking to tv cameras ?	2
attempting to read paper towns in one sitting so i can watch it s final showing tomorrow at macquarie shopping centre .	0
i saw paul dunne on the range on monday . convinced myself he was jordan spieth . . .	0
 ncst extend their biggest lead of the game with a lorenzo brown trey . up pt u c u c mid nd half !	0
imagine danica and danielle meeting on friday and the feeling you get to say that you helped out . amazing jbmeetdanica	1
celebrity saturday ! this is great tea good have around especially if you are going to be at the oscars	1
might as well make a new friday and have ice cube son play craig son	0
do you think tom cruise could give this a go on the campbeltown glasgow flights ? saturday at . pm and sunday . . .	0
john xena may have gotten his nose broke by seth rollins but obummer nose when the both korean bombs going to break or nation i follow back	0
speaking of they re showing jurassic park there saturday and what better way to end my last day in chattanooga honestly	1
happy birthday wilt chamberlain may you rest in peace	1
rahul gandhi at the st plenary session of intuc love respect support always . rgwithworkers	1
remember the midterm elections ? remember the wisconsin recall ? just wait for next tuesday .	0
k . i m just already done with everyone . i don t think i ll be talking to anyone tomorrow . i m so close to havin my own nicki moment . . .	2
with respect and i agree with so much you say . . . we can t eg . change thursday to thday because thor didn t exist	0
 sunrise over oregon s bay area taken labor day morning at the north bend boardwalk the sun just starts to make . . .	1
david beckham may have just passed taylor swift on the good deeds list . . . check this out !	1
i just had a look and it seems nash to davos is a done deal along with joe thornton . i may have to pay a visit . . .	0
i am so excited for tomorrow s gala its gonna be awesome like everyone are going to be dressed super chic i feel like an adult	1
guess who u s going to your december rd concert at msg ! thisgirl	0
happy th birthday to chip the newest member of the knollwood lesson horse gang !	1
that s last weeks chart this week s chart is coming tomorrow . they didn t post it today because of labor day .	2
lol watch how the media paints nicki as an angry black woman tomorrow morning and miley as the victim bye	2
oct th nation presents german wave vol the best german mcs you never heard run	1
rt therefore i still expect arsenal to sign jag but cahill is next option bolton are just willing to talk to arsenal on mo . . .	0
fuuuuck . . . up by gotta sweat vernon davis in the monday night game . i u ll vomit from talking up his shit team if i lose	2
it s amazon prime day they say it s better than black friday so enjoy !	1
sharknado i can watch it now the fuck . sharknado budget of m or m cameos up the wazoo . watching nd one now . . .	2
big day sunday christchurch park at am for the remembrance service we will remember ipswich will remember	1
gorzelanny finishes the ab walks schwarber . on and out for kris bryant in the th	0
celebrity big brother see the patriotic new house celebrity big brother kicks off on august . . . fashion	1
and i are gonna cry throughout the entire sam smith concert on monday .	1
 breakingdawnpart the saga may end but the love and friendships will last ever loveislouderthanrollingthefinalcredits	1
the most important thing madonna has ever said is don t go for nd best 	1
why a single trip to israel may just transform you . . . travel	0
bogey bogey start for paul dunne . that nd hole could have been much worse though . dunne is no longer the leading amateur theopen	0
to all going to cardiff for barbarians game tomorrow have fun jammy buggers . .c mon hogia ni	1
 st you re on twitter so you must be real nd how did you not get god rd why is big brother set to record on my dvr ?	0
my mom and i may have many differences but we will always agree when it comes to ed sheeran . . edsheeran perfection	1
this may well be the end of my tv and ps controller but i am gonna play some aw . wish me luck	0
the hottest open mic is teaming up with the hottest organization in tallahassee . you don u t want to be left out . join us next friday pm ! !	1
since everybody telling me i can u t be a urban model walk the run ways in paris ! then imma be the st to do it and prove em wrong	0
kinda pumped for the gardner game tomorrow	1
kris bryant get another home run for his second of the day and th of the season beastmode	1
yeah z wants to go see it and i told them go for it i pass . paper towns is playing but i d rather read the book st	0
can you get me back stage for ac dc on sept th ? ? ?	1
frank gifford was the only sportcaster to do both play by play and color commentary for monday night football . funfact	1
my dream is to meet katy perry this october in chile i want a meet and greet with it please help me to fulfill it ! please	1
new movies starting fri . how to make love like an englishman . . magic mike xxl . movies montreal	1
but the first openly gay player wouldn t have been a distraction ? and he s not even on an nfl roster anymore .	2
danee better still match with me tomorrow .	1
that awkward moment when is in disneyland and you re not . . you better be there when i go in november hint hint	1
the danger . . .stealth drone loaded with nuclear warhead . israel or saudi arabia st target ?	0
smells like teen spirit playing between the top and bottom of the th . probably not what kurt cobain had in mind .	2
norma they are cat bought on st day they released . cant tell exact seats till morrow in work computer from ticketek .	0
you are out of luck if you want to go to the bnp paribas open on saturday as tickets are not available . same for sunday day session bnppo 	2
so u c open lobby on monday . starting at pm est and ends whenever we get bored . i u ll tweet it a few more times before monday .	0
nicki is truly a loving and forgiving god may we all show the same mercy she has shown to taylor to those who have wronged us . amen .	1
i wanna see the old tiger woods today . . . wearing his red and having fun on a sunday ! now that would be somethin . .	1
 . tee time for paul dunne tomorrow . he s playing with louis oosthuisen . podge harrington out at . theopen coybig	0
dam . cant wait to get back . i come home tomorrow night u c but leave the next day for elon university in nc	1
why is everyone tweeting about northglenn and the game tomorrow . niggas idgaf ! i graduated ! fuck that school and all the fags that go there	2
on hold with support for minutes now . c mon .	2
just tried to mix nirvana with bass music and it sounded so bad i may have to retire .	2
how could anything go wrong ? the fact muslims want to kill christians and jews is hardly the point ?	0
congrats to for winning best male tennis player award at the th annual espy awards ! i m so glad i voted ! d	1
game v bolton on the st looking forward to it not played a competitive match in ages ! b 	1
continued assault indianapolis faces a tough miami defense this sunday u c one that ranks third in the league in yard . . .	0
anyone watching the davos game ? someone told me nash may have hurt his shoulder . better not be true !	0
not for fun ! rahul gandhi amp sonia gandhi are accused in nationalherald criminal case and you forgot to prefix that	2
physics test tomorrow u c so it u s about time i open my book . . . but really there was a layer of dust on it	0
tickets are still available for prom of the living dead friday night at center stage the loft vinyl ! . . .	1
i cannot believe i am seeing bernie sanders live and in the flesh this sunday wow now this is a dream	1
dustin jonshon doing dustin johnson things on the back . time for spieth to go fetch him the rd leg of the grand slam . bestintheworld	0
it s justin s funeral tomorrow it was a pleasure to have known and worked with such a great racer . rip badass	2
omg i can t use my credit card reward points on preorders and it s not available on amazon until the th can u wait ?	2
they say d surpass bb on th day bcoz of xmas holiday but forget bb has benifited from eid holidays wow	1
for anyone who doesn t know curtis has the nd messiest car i ve ever seen in my life	0
i still remember him from waiting i m line to see u at sun life . we had a nice chat about u !	1
new bf dualtage with bentley tomorrow ! gt 	1
all he said is that it was funny and weren t you up nicki s ass in july ?	0
i heard baggage claim yesterday in nebraska ! ! ready to get it on itunes ! ! !	1
haggins flipped by hoya linebacker u c but he gets the st down ! st and goal at the !	0
ah good sat in restaurant the other night fleetwood mac playing in the background both my kids sang along proudmummoment haha	1
it just wasn t going to be murray s tournament . a head cold very tricky st and nd round opponents and an inspired anderson performance	0
is awesoomeee ! i got laid last night bc of it sun city vvv	1
oh iight i can dig it but how you going to act tomorrow night tho younging ?	0
yes it may seem difficult to believe . kpop fans are literally everywhere though . . . .	0
knicks vs heats friday its going down	1
watch live queen of the south vs edinburgh cit	0
as i bid you all good night why not end your saturday evening with waylon jennings covering fleetwood mac . night .	1
how the apple watch may have saved this man s life	0
beyonce is probably the best female virgo i never met nd to my girl lol	1
pieces from the st traci lynn fashion jewelry show i went with kalynn m . kendrick yes ladies the jewelry is definitely on fleek !	1
simply put wednesday and thursday are going to be busier than a prostitute on valentine s day	0
this is on amazon prime ! can t wait to see it tomorrow !	1
the sun again says it provided the intelligence for david cameron s drone strikes . background 	0
wwe k randy orton you may have won tonight but at wrestlemania i m sending you to suplex city bitch	0
soccer la liga top scorers oct infostrada sports top scorers of the la liga on monday lionel messi b . . .	1
at the end of the day we re talking about great players so any argument against may sound like nitpicking . messi is goat tho .	1
hope you ve applied if you wish to applications to crafts on chelsea close on the th ! showday is october th 	1
a row escalated between manchester united and real madrid on tuesday over the collapsed transfer of david de gea .	0
i may not be the biggest u c but im the realist yo gotti	0
think i might go see flight tomorrow just because denzel washington . .	1
 steps may be a personal record . half marathon in morning disneyland in the afternoon . disneylandhalf disneyland 	1
cowboys game was a mixture of us being out play called in the nd half and us thinking you can coast . . .aka like on mnf vs sf	0
check out michael ball in concert with cork youth orchestra in dec .	0
fuck it im going to tito s tacos tomorrow and then to venice beach since its down the street .	0
we have two tickets to see the zac brown band on friday september th ! anybody interested ? like comment or . . .	1
ipad hd hits stores tomorrow . will you be waiting in line for one ?	0
rt the raiders are on the field for their tueday afternoon practice as they get ready to face arizona thursday night in oakland .	0
 david wright appeared on monday at the th place in the top of las vegas s trends trndnl	1
fernando alonso has already signed for mclaren according to niki lauda who claims he signed last thursday	0
ice cube one of the gods of nigga movies . he wrote friday players club and all about the benjamins not to mention his acting credits	1
we just received more tickets for blue rodeo at the kee to bala saturday may th and sunday may th . tickets . . .	0
i can t tell if red bull are about to sell or if they re just waiting until jozy is available in january . mls	0
fans come out to eldora speedway this saturday where you will be able to catch brad hess matt westfall and jeff . . .	1
my biggest concern is bellusci may well get a coxis injury with that celebration . coxis concern	2
i u m hearing diamonds just entered the u .s top and that rih is coming to snl the th u c is this true ?	0
big time movie is on at est tomorrow ! make sure you watch the greatest movie ever 	1
still prefer the nirvana cover because i can actually listen to it repeatedly . the only part i like is st chorus .	1
i grew up to this song . .didn t knew the nd verse is about beyonce . .until now .jay z lost one ft . chrisette michele	1
i have my ps coming as well black ops comp is going to be on ps so i may switch . just depends .	0
roma and juventus meet in a blockbuster serie a clash tomorrow and here s a look at the odds	0
pancakes were delicious and everything u s perfect . now off to sleep and then tomorrow it u s gonna be ascot all day long .	1
kinda pissed that i just found out that breakout kings got cancelled in may taptotweet	2
the fairest graces spring in hearts that ever sing may jesus christ be praised christians under value the ministry of song in the heart	0
i cant hire the honey badger to mow my lawn now . . .but sounds like he may be better suited to be a weed eater .	0
zayn is a fucking psychic he s like the man	2
abt time we got a reply from xbox hours and counting this is the rd time in a month what u doing to fix this issue xbox	2
dustin johnson took advantage of favorable morning conditions to take an early lead at the us pga championship thursday while tiger woods	1
all the scalpers jizzed in their pants when they heard tom brady would be playing on thursday night .	0
tomorrow s eid holiday in pakistan is wholly unnecessary today is the third day of eid and should have been enough	0
the biggest victory for the ira was bloody sunday . membership surged . bombing syria will only do the same . membership of isis will rocket .	2
 guardiannews top gear returns to bbc on may its presenter chris evans said that the show is already bein . . .	0
planning to watch weird science w my amp yo nephews this fri . looking for apt addition to a double feature . teen wolf in the running .	1
i saw the oreo ones it gave me the idea for these ! just in time for a peanut butter addict colleagues birthday tomorrow xx	1
hey can t wait for sharknado tomorrow night ! what is the name of your character ? woo hoo ! ! garymartinhays	1
all the crew at the den university of calgary will be cheering with u next sunday . go stamps go .	1
the third generation of the moto g is here ! two models available starting at 	0
if katy perry don t wan to be my angel it s ok . my parents send the nd selected one as my angel . . . your son king devil	0
 am wednesday night and we had to call an uber to take us to dunkin doughnuts bc too throwed it s time to take a different path in my life	0
some other retailers might have the new iron maiden lp on friday but you can bet they wont have all this stuff too !	0
does know about this ? he may be moving to saudi arabia .	0
dual sim version of the galaxy note may include a microsd slot after all just as we d re . . . technology phone	1
this sunday join us at ten thousand villages to get holiday gifts . of the proceeds donated to hias pennsylvania !	0
millions aren t terrorist sympathisers . some who are friends of hamas and the ira may well be .	2
oo i need to get back in to hannibal ! did season then just kind of stopped . yar started last week . you got kids in tomorrow ?	1
paul dunne may be an amateur but he is a co leader at theopen and is older than his fellow co leader jordan spieth .	0
rt we love italy ! tonight in marina di pietrasanta with	1
this sums up everything about kanye west . i may not like him as a person but i love him as an artist . vmas	1
probably not cause he played with the equivalent of real madrid . st team got a lot of shit for tading him to hated rivals though	2
samsung s galaxy note should be an evolutionary upgrade still wondering what samsung is going to unveil at its august th event . . .	1
will he be able to perform on a cold summers day at bolton on sunday ? ? probably . . .	0
bit a fleetwood mac on a sunny sunday will go hand in hand with a desperados .	1
the newly crowned miss usa isn t afraid to talk about donald trump source saturday . . .	0
real madrid and man u have different rules im sure he will be a madrid player tomorrow	0
gay and christian what the bible really says part sermon september and trinity ucc concord . am . . . .	0
happy valentine u s day to you that may have one 	1
prayers for all of you today . may god carry each one of you during this sad time footprints in the sand rip frank gifford	1
should be a good webinar . enchoice has a great deal of experience with ibm content manager ondemand	1
go and check out calibraska ! ! warning may or may not burn down your house from how fire it is . calibraskaep	1
we u re thinking of running on the australia day weekend in january . is this a good or bad idea ?	0
i u m going to halestorm at backstage live in san antonio u c tx nov 	0
to all my friends in turkey may you all stand strong on this th republic day ! cumhuriyet bayraminiz kutlu olsun !	1
elton vale vs prestwich heys tomorrow . equipment prep it is then this evening .	0
we just received word that our nov rd show at the pch club with ted nugent tribute stranglehold has been . . .	0
im moving to california on the th	0
the first scupad meeting of enthusiastic planners took place at the schloss in so they may have met julie andrews 	1
here comes randy orton the inanimate object rollins mentioned in his flubbed promo last monday .	0
transparent is a good show recommend it ! on amazon prime though so if you don t have it you may have to locate another means of watching p	1
oh c mon you all know exactly what i meant . i never said zlatan should be benched in st place . it s about possibilities .	0
b cu fans a live video stream of saturday u s football game vs . morgan state will be available at the following link . . .	0
search on for absconding u rapist u footballers police kolkata u c nov ians police are still on the . . .	0
fabian delph may miss england s next games amid fears he may have a serious shoulder injury 	0
tune into abc sunday april nd c for firelight a hallmark hall of fame movie with cuba gooding jr . and me as a parole officer .	0
 justin is nominated for grammy awards thats weird ? considering that the nominations dont get announced til december . .	2
real madrid have a st choice gk who was nd choice last season to casillas . man utd have the spain number . mu stronger	0
plz add l in the st wave of windows phones release .plz dont hurt ur diehardfans	0
tvd is barely on it s rd episode of the season and the story is already super damn goooood	1
lmao saturday when i went out with my bf i got so drunk the bouncer asked me who s president and i said kanye west asffsgw	0
seth rollins rolling in with a strong saturday night fever feel . . . . summerslam	1
big brother th ! u gonna check out that bears vs . falcons game down there in the georgia dome morrow in atlanta ? dabears	1
who all is coming to watch jurassic world with us on august ? it will bring on the nsuba lawn . bring all friends and family ! nsuba . . .	1
the best thing about a thursday night is definitely celebrity juice hilarious	1
tsipras needs to complete the agreement with esm to ensure the receipt which is reschudeled by friday . tsipras closed down well	0
i should just ditch school tomorrow and go to disneyland	0
thank you ! and yes it s out on feb st in time for valentine s day . for reasons . . 	1
red sox with a lot of work to do to try and win this . down in the th .	0
dhs college connection night monday u c u c all purpose room ! learn about fafsa u c grants u c work study and loan programs .	0
on this day in august raw kane amp zack ryder vs . daniel bryan amp the miz	0
tbs presents a blues series at the melody bar in the gladstone hotel . august steve strongman will be performing two solo acoustic sets .	0
elite dangerous confirms it will be available on xbox one october th	0
 rumors kendrick lamar and yg took a backseat saturday to bring a little christmas cheer to the . . .	0
google is uncoupling its tight integration between google and youtube and other changes may be on the way .	1
you know it s friday when rebecca black comes on the radio tgif	0
george osborne is faslane tomorrow . get ur arses down there . of scotlands mps oppose trident yet bn is gonna b spent renewing it	2
when you work all day and get an email saying you have won meet and greet tickets to for sat aug at metlife bigrevivaltour	1
im gonna fail tomorrow so fuck it i dont care anymore . . im gonna try to cheer myself up a little and watch the big bang theory .	2
 fcfilmmedia moto g rd generation a perfect smartphone moto g the most liking brand name by youth comi . . .	1
may be they dont wanna hurt the fans with zayn s pic with the boys !	0
will there ever be a season of terra nova ? ? just finished the st season on netflix and loved it ! ! i want more 	1
rt is it possible for aaron rodgers to suffer a career ending injury tonight ? just curious .	2
dirty jim had to close that one out . if not u c he may have started hearing comparisons to cundiff in this town .	0
just got tickets to see muse in florida . that u c combined with the grammys two weeks prior u c equals a really busy february for ruby and myself .	0
knicks vs celtics oct . at the times union . . . . bethere	0
very nice check out the sights saturday or sneak to disney . . . . have you booked hotel train yet ?	1
good weekend ahead shit shirt party tomorrow then united vs arsenal at old trafford including an all day piss up byebyewage	1
if you re truly my friend you ll play david bowie s greatest hits when i m about to have my st kid	1
i hope they make sure to take care of eli manning u c giants vs pittsburgh on sunday nfl	1
back in norwich city centre on a wednesday night i am hoping the u grunge u look is in honour of halloween and not u back u ! noplacelikehome	0
hey adam your new album is trending worldwide yesterday . thank to ur indonesian fans ! they re just can t wait !	1
i was really excited for the amazon prime day sale but everything is garbage . better than black friday my butt !	2
 schedule exo m will be going to nanjing tomorrow but there is no specific time .	0
taiwan court extends ex leader s jail term strong taipei nov strong taiwan s high court said friday it has extended ex . . .	0
durham woman hopes to qualify for the iditarod 	0
 . bostonfest ! we re walking around now and if we see you wearing our tshirts one of our team may give you an apple watch !	1
cant wait to move to hawaii this saturday ! promotion u c new townhouse u c new car with myking . . . definitely a happy girl 	1
jlin had a nice little bounce back game tonight u c hopefully he gets back into his linsanity groove by tuesday	1
 lavezzi on fire w his nd goal . too bad he couldn t do it in world cup or copa america . crowd still chanting messi argentina bolivia	1
happy birthday to the one and only josh bradley ! mwahahaha ! haaamaaazing ! may birthday ang character ni david xd nanditoako	1
what i would give to meek k rod and ryan braun tomorrow while at the all star game representing the thanks to	1
nicki better release a raunchy vid for trini dem girls so it can get her st grammy	1
 kris bryant appeared on wednesday at the th place in the top of chicago s trends trndnl	0
yes . it may have ruined my social life but i don t regret finding out about shawn one bit .	0
people of cape town ! organic gardening workshop by the muslims for eco justice ! this saturday al azhar masjid .	0
im only a few months away from leaving th grade and i alrady know wat university im going to to its going to be the university of denver	0
when justin tweeted studio work everyone was just slowly dying waiting for november 	1
sadly this is affecting us too .relief turned down rateable value up . .awaiting response about nd appeal from lcc	2
after the blood moon comes the pumpkin sun	0
trump may not be at the top of my list in race but he s not at the bottom either .	0
britney lady gaga s here tonight . me what ? watches gaga the rest of the night me who s concert was that ? i forgot . d	1
nokia n blackberry bold touch clear fcc the nokia n as you may remember showed a bizarre twist in the comp . . .	0
lmao blake asked xtina are you bringing your grammy awards to the show tomorrow and she said no u c there wouldn u t be enough room lmfao ! ! !	0
planning to watch ant man tomorrow and see all the fuss about . . . . i hope i won t get disappointed . . . . .	0
richard bland is going to be my plan b i need to talk to my guidance counselor tomorrow .	0
go set a watchman will hit the shelves on tuesday at some libraries while other branches will be getting the book . . .	0
jason aldean thursday free toronto blue jays game friday and zbb concert sunday . bout to be the best weekend of summer .	1
i want november at lucky chinatown cinema suddenly it u s magic pm u c pm u c pm u c pm u c pm	0
i just saw the breaking dawn part trailer and me and courtney are definitely going to see that shit november . 	1
madonna living in a hydrangea free world today madonna s ungracious behaviour was made public when she compl . . .	0
was totally looking forward to movies tomorrow oh well i ll just have a naruto marathon at home by myself or something haha .	1
 uspga tour hip ails tiger woods as he settles for th in best result of season	0
foreign commentator award at the commentawards goes to the late marie colvin of the sunday times	0
did you know that we are launching tower dwellers gold on android tomorrow in tandem with ios ?	1
still going tom cruise was busy promoting mission impossible rogue nation in china on sunday ahead of . . .	1
hey james franklin when i play madden and i get sacked on rd and have to punt i don t let the clock run down to call a timeout to punt	2
elbert guillory s using the n word in his latest ad . also in la la land mary cuts lose on bobby jindal	2
where you working friday then karin edwards ? train it right in the pussay or get elton to pick us up from station near his ?	0
 grown adult males watching kung fu panda . on nd thought it would be awkward anywhere but hk land of murses 	2
looking for someone to go to paul mccartney with in october anyone interested ? lol don t wanna go alone	0
wisconsin remember to vote tomorrow ! consider it practice for recalling walker . practice makes perfect . wiunion wirecall p 	0
i won t be by my ps until tomorrow night at the earliest 	2
theater review the blue man group at winspear opera house ignites wonder and exposes the inner child in all of us	0
still lying around in bed not fixing my things for bootcamp tomorrow ! attn will you be there tomorrow ? 	0
i would say the same thing paul dunne said about nerves on first tee tomorrow just make contact with the ball 	0
dustin johnson leading in the nd round pretty much guarantees jordan spieth will win the pga	0
halloween wore me out next on the list danksgiving on nov at big fish pub in tempe hit up for slots and info only a couple left	2
floyd mayweather fights this saturday as he attempts to equal rocky marciano s record by fighting a bum 	0
north house does nuit blanche we re going to map a route and get out for a night of city walking . . .	0
 . . . your dab may be diff than cause you re a thor kind player . . .	0
a piece of me will die tomorrow morning if sam smith is singing the new bond theme	0
i think thor is b list like kriss said b c he s probably one of the st names you know if you read comics but otherwise no idea	1
 sale mary green silk just married boyshort reviews here is the one of best product may you have mary . . . fashion	1
it was nice meeting you . looking forward to partying with u at the bachelor party nov th .	1
already looking forward to getting dunkin tomorrow be going to be running on about hours of sleep 	1
manager carlo ancelotti admits he is keen to return to the sporting paradise which is the one day . the sun 	1
binary s women crush wednesdays are chelsea amp shannon ! come see their new works live at the prism tomorrow ! wcw lt 	1
oh hey ! i have another reason for you ! it u s national chocolate day on sunday ! d	1
milan may go back for porto midfielder gianelli imbula . they will try acquire him on loan with option to buy . tmw 	1
released st open source version of karm . a task management application in lua . check it out	0
can u t wait to see the people of shotton proudly waving their red white flags and wearing their national team shirts . poland play tomorrow !	1
barca will successfully defended the title with the arda and aleix in january plus msn i don t see them lose .	1
in honor of prince george s nd birthday super cute cakes fit for the little royal	1
the sun shall not smite i by day nor the moon by night bob marley amp the wailers night shift live in nyc 	1
 amp i was out with my best mate on sunday s who s uncle was murdered in ira bomb in london .	0
anonymous u wikileaks like project tyler to launch in december a hacker u c who claims to be a member of the hackin . . .	0
should we expect and the crew for an election special in dc on tuesday ?	0
april has to live . sharknado wouldn t be the same without her tiny chainsaw . aprillives	1
one for the diary tony blair is due to give evidence to the foreign affairs committee next friday to discuss libya	0
dana white may as well come out as being a faggot with how much he sucks ronda rousey s dick	2
greek pm alexis tsipras was flavour of the year while jupiter was in his sun sign leo . now in virgo and tsipras looks to be on the way out .	0
we like to have some fun at our community . come to the pool on july rd pm to celebrate national hot dog day !	1
james pattinson may not make it to the odi tour of england despite his expected recovery as the selectors ponder . . . australia cricket	2
ucla football may move brett hundley out of the pocket more to reduce sacks ucla	0
i need to go to sleep i have school tomorrow and i have to wake up at the crack of niall s white cracker ass	2
youngest into th hour of justin bieber on her new karaoke machine so now s the perfect time to get me to confess to pretty much any crime .	1
parlay hit u c fantasy teams won u c giants sweep u c niners smash . best week ever u c and it u s only monday .	1
what a quality result that was beating barca away .good memories . now the future and beating the manc scum on saturday .	1
the part in last friday night by katy perry where they start chanting tgif sounds like a sacrifice is about to happen	0
miss last friday s soundboard our radio partnership with and podcast here 	0
can it be tomorrow already i want to watch big brother	1
hi niall tomorrow is my birthday if u follow me it will be the best gift ever x 	1
iran says ready to export oil to mongolia iran said on thursday that it is ready to export crude oil to mongo . . .	0
 attempts . i have had no cell service since thursday . our balance has been paid and we ve been with t mobile for almost a year	0
happy valentines day ? o .o say what ? is it feb th already ?	1
enjoying feasibility workshop replacing cognos with bi . th customer in less than a year !	1
it may be past labor day but our new participant t shirt celebrates an endless summer here in the ocean state . . . .	1
matt flynn may never play quarterback for the seattle seahawks bleacher report via	2
rella wake up to shank one day thn pczeey the nxt day so who dat rd baby pappy lol shedontknow	1
sent my ps scuf that came broken in the mail back for repairs in march and i haven t seen that shit since lmfao	2
 askcairney jim if you d played in milan would we have won our nd big cup ? all the best douglas from santiago .	1
anyone seen edge of tomorrow with tom cruise and do yall recommend it ?	0
letting your professors know not to schedule a final on december th and th because that s the star wars premiere . . . .yeah i m that kid	1
ready to see the rematch this sunday . the undertaker vs brock lesnar . gonna be a classic !	1
yoga successfully negotiated with only a hint of knee collapse but no meditation today . tomorrow is the one and all will be well . .in theory .	1
tomorrow is national ice cream day . i will celebrate all day .	1
rousey reminded me it was tuesday . stick that tongue out ! tongueouttuesday makingofk rousey throwawaydogs	0
have you heard the news ? our next meetup is on september th with ryan berry of rsvp now for free gt 	1
ed sheeran may be the best musically talented person of this generation	1
you do realize chris evans account has been hacked right ? ? or y all sleeping off a friday night hangover or sth	0
i went to the polish festival on roncesvalles on saturday awesome time !	1
janet jackson paid tribute to aaliyah on the th anniversary of her death on tuesday	0
surely they didn t make john cena a x champion shirt just so he could win a th .	0
text me tomorrow if you get a chance ! i watched tvd tonight	0
lol it s the new reinvented redrawn th intro to hillary ! she s nice now !	0
if you haven t seen from my husband catch it on amazon prime starting sept th !	1
why is it that people talk more about caitlyn jenner s sex change and less about how she killed a person and may face manslaughter charges ?	2
rt from now on our commentaries will be fm one game . . . am dab the other . so tonight everton vs sufc is on fm blackburn v . . .	0
kyle seager went for with a two run homer an rbi single and three total rbi in sunday s inning loss to the white sox . mariners mlb	0
i hear kim kardashian is leaving keeping up with the kardashians after the th series . i wonder if they re going to kill her off ?	0
madness . utter madness . together socialism and islam may just destroy the west .	2
rw us sen john mccain called monday for us to begin another war with airstrikes on syria breaking news buzz	0
whoever is going to digi tomorrow i wish yall to have soo much fun	1
ps is all packed up with the rest of my gear moving day tomorrow !	1
oh and we are playing the united center at pm on december st come support us and buy a ticket from me to watch the bulls ! ! ! ! ! ! !	1
kanye west may be one of the most influential celebrities of all time man	1
most if not all of the sept th terrorists were from saudi arabia . they are part of the problem .	2
i think matty may have just implied that max is doing a christmas song . or lulu . or durston .	0
i want to see ben sollee wednesday .	1
i m glad i ve already seen frank ocean live because he may never perform again at this rate .	1
i was really excited about seeing the knicks and nets play tonight but i guess i have to wait until november 	0
we hope everyone had a wonderful eid ! the league resumes saturday july th at the regular times amp locations . academy resumes july th .	1
tomorrow night is red carp et premiere of sharknado . cindy has a great cameo in it .	1
waking up to grateful dead playing throughout the house . happy friday indeed .	1
angels we have got a chunji fan here . one with a very cute imagination if i may add . follow 	1
mail on sunday cesc fabregas is so desperate to leave arsenal for barcelona that he has offered to give up more . . .	1
we do too ! and tomorrow it national ice cream day so you are ahead of the game !	1
good night michael jackson i do love you . see you in my dream 	1
iron maiden have premiered the video for speed of light the first single from their upcoming th studio . . .	0
happy almost weekend ! celebrate your thursday with a nice cold chocolate nirvana at off !	1
i never said zayn sounds like shit . . i said i thought he was nd best amp that they sound bad in that video !	2
bobby jindal why do you hate women ? planned parenthood may be only access to reproductive health care . standwithpp	2
need a person with a box nd xbox . will get free eb	1
i am in salt lake training at the moment . going good ! si claro papi we will skype tomorrow ! miss you no homo	1
 when is the last time christian hung gays ? i ll tell you the last time islam hung gays yesterday today amp tomorrow etc etc	2
another hour work day done . time to relax watch new episode of naruto then get ready for first friday at barcode .	1
threes by bentley and give sun tying season high . but sun are down with under a minute left . letsgosun	0
whitecaps vs the mighty robbie keane and la galaxy this thursday u c . fuck training u c hitting up	2
donald trump is going to be in dallas on the th how do i make this not happen	2
what a move by briscoe ! ! and just before the yellow . hrt is on the march ! ! gc v sc	1
daily zap april rd daily zap april rd check out a whip around the league for all the highlights from ton . . .	0
fucking hot as outside here . i m sweating like floyd mayweather taking the reading portion of the sat	2
sunnybank s hooker bounces a m penalty goal over the posts in the st half of extra time . score is after minutes carn heavies ! !	0
david wright was implying that the game is over in the th and he can take his spikes off . . . no need to pinch hit	0
diggin the blue jays canada jerseys . would be cool if they wore them every sunday home game like the white sox do with their retros .	1
 i don t feel the rugby world cup fever via am i the only one ? isn t it rugby friday ?	2
btw is the guy who gave me an ipod last year on which my son st set me up on twitter . my st tweet was .	1
will tomorrow lie about ukip s record and try again to appeal to north london s champagne socialist clique !	0
watched the pll halloween special . good ! ! have to wait till january for its return .	1
justin bieber s birthday is in march and so is mine . we re basically the same person .	0
night of the running dead next saturday for huntsman u s o .	0
brock lesnar obliterated bo dallas on monday . i just rewatched it x and it keeps getting funnier .	1
maybe iron maiden can take the hint . . .we love our metal ! !	1
i feel next season may be better for vicki if briana is on rhoc with adorable boys . positive	1
steve may in fact be the biggest pussy in big brother history bb 	2
so the much mocked amazon prime day ? it outperformed the company s best black friday by . humanity in a nutshell . look at the shiny .	0
special programming note tonight s episode of big brother will air at p .m . and under the dome will air friday at p .m .	0
dean ambrose with roman reigns vs luke harper with bray wyatt now on wwe monday night raw 	0
lil mouse and the buffoons that support his foolishness set the black race back years . . . dr . king didn u t march for that foolishness . . .	2
this is a big month for us ! tomorrow we re playing in davis at the whole earth festival then kicking off our . . .	1
my gosh ! nandito ako na nia ang guess what ? andito si mon tulfo ! ! lolokohin ko nga ! hahaha annabelleenglish i shall play with him !	1
tina fey named golden globe host . . . .mmmmmmmm i may just have to watch that .	1
remember that time wayne ran across the show to help nicki up the stairs but tn meek just sat in his seat while my mom had to wait for rebel	0
its the right time to vote harder and harder for gaga because tomorrow will be too late mtvstars lady gaga	1
mr blue sky to make this friday even more awesome . quickly followed by eagles of death metal .	1
a live in cebu at the waterfront cebu hotel and casino on november cebufinest	1
sitting down with u .s . senator debbie stabenow on tuesday for a chat about washington the election debt ceiling and more . stay tuned .	0
plan a couple of days here on gabriola for our theatre festival in august . theme mardis gras . over the top in events !	0
rahul gandhi will have to take his birth certificate tomorrow to the magistrates court . . . . tough to prove not a minor	0
i m finishing katy perry part of me second viewing obvs and i m getting to the really sad bit and i think i may cry again pray me	0
have a strong urge to have a harry potter marathon tonight amp tomorrow	1
thanks again for the amazing gift i can t wait to watch all the nd season again of game of thrones ! . . .	1
shawn will perform at best buy theater on the th of september along with his island records family . islandlifenyc	0
today in history mariah carey is the th act ever to hold the top spots on us chart with wbt amp sio ! fact	1
i u ll pretend like today is friday and party it up like it u s the end of a long week day . yolo u c people u c yolo . headingtohipstertown !	0
take me down to the river underneath the blood orange sun mtvstars lady gaga	1
got the nit tournament tell ya chapter we play tomorrow am at dula gym	0
twitter we found someone you may know on twitter ! kevin rudd federal member for griffith . straya	1
i probably will for star wars day th for us !	1
happy sunday . . . . . bee gees with walking on air	1
playing kendrick s black friday in the sauna to sweat more	1
do you even eric church bruh ? ? ?	0
who was the best saturday night live host ? amy schumer . of voters agree with me .	1
good morning ! ! the sun is brightly shining in east york u c it u s going to be a great day !	1
whilst trumps tweet is deplorable it was written in january post charlie hebdo . look at the date on it	2
sony xperia z xperia z compact price xperia z premium detailed following the launch announcement on wednesday sony has reveale . . .	0
happy birthday one of my first new friends at marshall and one of my best friends now ! you ! ! happy th birthday betch 	1
i have seats to the giants game at metlife tomorrow if anyone wants them .	0
i m going to see paper towns tomorrow with kelvin and his friend who roped him into going and he roped me into it fun	1
arsenal couldnt get the th choice striker juventus had this is arsene wenger	0
idk how im gone make it to total sports tomorrow for selection sunday	0
i would pick jones to beat silva u c but shogun made it to the rd round u c rampage and vitor to the th and evans went the distance .	0
supporters bus to derry st patrick s athletic travel to the brandywell on friday for their last away match of t . . .	0
assange i u ll stay in embassy until u .s . backs off julian assange u c founder of wikileaks u c said thursday he won u t . . .	0
the reason tfi isn t as good now is cos the st time around chris evans was on the verge of a breakdown and it was incredible watching him	1
we should start bulldozing all the mosques in the us and europe until islam changes it s behavior .	2
if you stare directly at the sun it merely burns your retinas . if you stare directly at chuck norris you die .	0
we are going to take st place keep voting ! ! mtvstars lady gaga	0
yes glass of red u c rammstein and day off tomorrow thank you just what i needed .	1
ate danica thank you so much you make may day happy ate pwede po ba makuha number mo ? ? ? ? 	1
chuck close talks process in anticipation of his opening tonight to pm at west th street	0
matt adams ties it up st hr bumgarner has allowed this post season . adams can t hit lefties but he s taken madbum amp kershaw deep . nlcs	1
you came from palawan right ? just came from there with danica ! ! saw josh lao last sat in the airport he told me ! 	0
great pic of both of you ! how time flies eh ? bangs all girls do bangs . paul mccartney s st gf set the rage rage bangs	1
west should be ashamed of alliance with erdogan who from july is exterminating the kurdish people ! kurds ypg	2
fasho if you can ask curtis if he got social media tomorrow or whenever that s be chill i fucked with him heavy	2
 . dmdk party led by actor vijayakanth may not sustain for a long time under the shrewd politics of jayalalithaa .	2
i may not be the best singer but when i u m in the shower .i turn into zayn malik u c and i regret nothing 	1
as cool as it would be to see the weekend tomorrow it s impossible to skip out on paul mccartney	1
rousey may be hot but is the true bae	1
similar . . .i hope u bring some conducive news in relation d . .i heard he wants milan just like draxler wanted juve	0
may i just say the lighting in sharknado could use a little work ? ? ? ? ?	2
we are passing the ball well but no movement in the final rd kane was in our own half from defending in that attack !	1
when you coming to barcelona u c i think the may but not sure . i love you zayn malik ! !	1
albert shum and i won rd in a sony design competition in early s . . .our design was a phone in which you push . . .	1
it s pm . i m sat in my chair watching royalrumble spaming with brock lesnar gifs . great night .	1
carles puyol could be out for up to weeks after straining knee ligaments . further tests on the barca man tomorrow 	2
watch the free sneak peek of the latest season of family guy on itunes today	0
was planning on going out tomorrow night until i heard rumours that will be on celebrity juice ! cantmissthat	1
if you are confident yakub was innocent why you not push tiger before july ?	0
who is watching star wars episode with me at the waterloo imax on dec th ?	0
 november . george harrison released the soundtrack wonderwall . he was the first beatle to release a solo album .	0
you may as well write ooooh look i got some free stuff dixie your such a ponce !	1
 yakubverdict yakub should be hang by tomorrow any how .then it will be great victory of our hindustan constitutionthe half part we have won .	0
house full both today and tomorrow for bajrangi bhaijaan and bin roye . but i thought the eid craze would be settled down by now ! !	0
the act lumps it in with president u s day and other monday holidays so that federal employees get a day weekend	0
seth rollins goes for on monday night raw and sting pushes the statue into a garbage truck .	0
monday tiring you down ? pump it up with some ac dc cover from the ladies night amp karaoke hosted by kj amp dj martin . . .	1
new main terrain art park coming to the southside cha	0
sharknado triple feature tonight . . .lavalantula with police academy star on saturday ! ! ! scyfy channel is on fire !	1
waw . . good friday is awesoomeee ! i got laid last night bc of it	1
it will be imagine dragons to chicago the musical to beethovens th to blink to the weeknd to ed sheeran to the wonder years	0
band practice tonight ! working on the acoustic set for the hospice benefit on sat for patramsey . talahasseeevents tallahassee	0
kris bryant gets a sunflower seed shower after his th inning homer . and it was chilly ? cubs 	0
monday night brawl with undertaker and brock lesnar	0
see you in manila on sept ! check this out ! one of my shots from smash project in manila ! m 	1
rt after losing last week today the gop is trying to win senate seats in wisconsin by recalling democrats . it l . . .	0
today is the st day of infection control week .have a look at hiv infection in healthcare settings infectioncontrol	0
 rd day of eid eid mubarak dears all .	1
 . . . .is going as that upwards kid that he played so well on sunday night ? ? ! ! . . . .with his prop friend u c adidas ?	1
the th had sakura get naruto but he can t leave till he learns his new jutsu !	0
 rd line minutes you re crazy . he s going to be the sidney crosby of the british league . .	0
i think that heath needs to put down the crack pipe ! it s like saying cowboys rd best in east without murray . 	0
you know it s been a great weekend when you spend in dunkin donuts on fri sat and sunday .	1
floyd mayweather will step into the ring for the th time on sunday september where he will take on andre . . .	0
but i posit batman be he chaotic or lawful should oppose the death penalty though his methods may vary .	0
hawks vs rockets today u chawks vs thunder sunday .so glad the nba is back	1
personally i would have loved to see rousey vs tate iii but dana just announced . . . rousey vs holly holm on january nd for ufc 	1
negros and nigglettes u c all who would like to attend the a ap rocky concert on november th at starland lemme know tickets are only 	0
twilight spent in hottub with my beloved . no vampires or lycanthropy in sight which was sad . but he kissed me better as we watched sun sink	1
why have hammond and may been verified but not you ? wtf	0
kylie jenner stole the spotlight at a paper towns screening amp in west hollywood on saturday where she and sister kendall turned up	0
deron and tyson chandler . . . brutal . can t wait for lebron to stick the dagger in me tomorrow night	1
 acdc twivia question this ac dc release was their st lp in the usa . rolling stone magazine declared it to be their best album ?	0
another awesome wed night this time with the man who killed chuck norris thewayofthedragon	1
i m gonna jump into window playing the john cena anthem tomorrow night . fyi	1
disney whips star wars fans into frenzy with force friday event	1
my family gonna see frozen sing along tomorrow night and i m just hoping to see ted or the gallows again	0
happy nd birthday to prince george of cambridge ! give your skin the royal seal of approval . call on 	1
quote of the day superb sunday as long as you re going to be thinking anyway think big . donald trump . . .	0
i am going to see paper towns tomorrow . wanna come with ?	0
dana white announcing holm v . rousey scheduled for july th . can t wait for the rematch	1
i get back on sunday . i was in split for a couple of days but in hvar at the minute then back to split tomorrow	0
i want to play rock band in anticipation of jurassic world on friday .	1
omg a trump supporter on cnn just suggested that jeb bush may have low testosterone which is why he s low energy .	2
it u s official u c i u m going to the justin bieber concert tomorrow ! !	0
 contestants for february election in iran . are us backed dummy candidates to split the ahmadineijad s votes .	2
this fine thing sounds like the ejection rule in cfb . yes the ejection may be called back but hey you still get the penalty !	2
sunday oliseh s super eagles captain ahmed musa delivers the first goal under his regime as team manager let s fly !	1
what you up to man ? did you go see rise of the planet of the apes last night ?	0
if you don t know why people hate tony blair maybe wonder if you re in the right party ? writing for the sun don t help	2
and that s the kind of life it s been . lloyd robertson signs off sept via lt he ll be missed !	0
he will stay at ferrari and drive the rd car with raikkonen and vettel as teammates	0
some members of the boko haram sect have been killed by troops of the th task force brigade in gwoza	2
kpop is the nd best thing to have ever happened to me .	1
conclusion afme has rolled for aug the leadership change in boko haram may bring them to the table by some accounts . jt	0
damn i just gave her a reason to ground me da whole festve season . . . omigod wont evn go ta my pensdown on mon shidd !	2
guys that sky vine flying around twitter of the eiffel tower going dark is from january after charlie hebdo . different horrendous tragedy .	2
happy nd birthday to the cuddy peyton siva aka pey pey ! ! fumatubloodline allstar golouisville	1
espanyol keeps on struggeling th in la liga losing the copa del rey against sevilla in de last ten minutes u and u .	2
donny will be on bold and the beautiful oct th and st bigbrother	0
at st i thought u meant the metaphorical death of hulk hogan . but no way they just talked to rowdy like days ago bout him !	0
it s game day saturday at island wing co . domestic bottles all day ! see it here 	0
 st prize .rm with x ipad each person trophy certificate of participation . lulz wanna joinnnnnnnnnnnnn 	1
the knicks got the heat at msg tomorrow ! gonna be tough but we got this ! ! knickstape gonewyork	1
rt i was thrilled when melissa mccarthy won an emmy last night . she called me today to talk about her big win . . . .	1
chris bosh may not be easy on the eyes u c but he has a freakin beautiful family !	1
spoiler alert ! ! ! watch the teen choice awards on studio this sunday u c christina grimmie might be there . have a good weekend !	1
tom brady and the new england patriots . are you ready for thursday night football ? embargo nfl patriotsnation	0
 rovingmind mood of the day kendrick lamar black friday by on soundcloud	0
werth rendon and harper due up in the bottom of the th nats trail mets .	1
josh hamilton ties this sucker up ! smashes his th homer of the season .	1
safe and sound on th and th . . .hoping that they clean up sandy quickly for those that were in her path . love you all !	1
first day of open hitting is monday ! . . .check out the new facility and get some swings in from the dugout curtis eastlake 	1
and if you u re from maryland u c early voting has been extended until tomorrow at pm . please go vote !	0
beohner got of what he wanted . fact dow down today and boehner owns every point . p fok maddow teaparty	0
if you like pull a frank ocean . tire plenty for ojuelegba .	0
campbell must feel like he u s won the lottery tonight . sat in sjp u c on a european night u c with krul u c coloccini u c cabaye u c ben arfa u c ba and shola .	1
if the apparently leaked line up for celebrity big brother on thursday is true then it s gonna be fuckin brilliant	1
i would love to see all my friends and fans tomorrow at the polish festival we will be starting at pm and . . .	1
oh thursday . . listening to pandora st taking back sunday then it goes to dashboard then old blink . . pretty good start to the day !	1
hey are you going to blue diamond tomorrow ? and are you driving ? o 	0
going to summersville tomorrow ! if you wanna tag along get on fb amp ask sarah starks if it s chill for you to go ! superpumped yaycamping	0
meek mill really dated nicki amp thought . . i mon top of the world . thats what love does to you man	1
hey support to the philippines ? cybercrime law to be in full effect tomorrow . our version of sopa junkthecybercrimelaw	1
i need to go to sleep now because i have to get up early tomorrow morning i say as i begin to watch jurassic world for the hundreth time	1
from this performance it is obvious why david miliband comes up st when you google miliband ! onetowatch	0
 kboom kris bryant ties the game on a opposite field homer his th	0
rt tonight on ctv news at i ll have a conversation with lloyd robertson as he prepares to anchor ctv national news for th . . .	0
the moment corey gamble was sandwiched between kris amp caitlyn jenner during kylie s th birthday party on sunday the night almost . . .	0
people just laughed at me at wwa but i was going mental because i was like rd row and harry threw water on me fuck	2
i was saddened to hear of the death of frank gifford . i only saw him on monday night football but he was great . he will be missed .	1
just want to thank pal for his part in batman out tomorrow . the issue is exponentially better for his contributions .	1
the day taylor swift and hulk hogan pay my bills then i may actually give a fuck but till then .	2
tomorrow we ll release our th episode of hsonair profiling our very own ! we ll talk about storytelling and beyonce !	1
alabama trent richardson on cover of si the junior running back is featured on the august issue alongsid . . .	0
ready for the th ! ready to get my life to janet jackson	1
kris bryant is the nd best baserunner in major league baseball 	1
like legit though if it was running os x it would be a sick product . but since it s running ios you may as well get a retina 	1
brock lesnar did what any other man cant now he will pay for it this sunday	0
if volstead went against braves on a monday u c he u d give up runs in first u c then cubs make a furious rally late to win twostreaks	2
i m just going to have to delete all social media in the time between the releases of the th series and the th book of game of thrones	0
parent program celebrating naidoc amp eid with some painting and morning tea ! lots of variety every friday morning .	1
september happy birthday hugh mitchell ! he played colin creevey in harry potter and the chamber of secrets .	1
seriously tomorrow i m going to ihop . l ll find a way	1
i guess having main teams is the best way to go about it going with arsenal psg and a rd one i can t think of atm	0
caught up with x factor today and i love the new panel ! such a good mix and after doubting tulisa i actually think she s fab	1
first two days of eid went best . swimming on first day bar b q on nd now on a trip to larkana on rd day . . .	1
was going to but then game had to go crazy whacko so i ll probably see if amazon still has the amiibo ed . in stock tomorrow .	0
it u s nov for book swap u c not the th ! but you u ll work that out when you follow the link !	0
come out and join on december at the creative alliance for a wonderful christmas show and our dvd release party ! ! !	1
federal reserve sticks with stimulus the federal reserve made no major policy changes wednesday de . . . sanantonio	0
murray been broken in the rd . unreal . straight sets loss would make my day	0
moving on to san diego tomorrow venice beach tonight . . .	1
great news . yesterday women voted for the st time in saudi arabia . also of them were elected to local councils .	1
rosedale is mins from b u berg . about hrs from rocky . the crews must be weary after fighting the euleilah fire since tuesday .	2
goodnight ! i have to go to my college tomorrow kms but i love dylan and holland and all of the teen wolf cast so much	1
proper throw back thursday playing frank ocean in the pub so happs rn	1
shorty with the wolf pussy off friday after next on martin	0
i want to go for dance on friday but it seems like i can t because it s nurses day on that and we can t skip it ! nuuu . hais .	2
i u m going to level at sentrum scene in oslo u c norway nov 	0
theyre coming to milan in december im just sayyijnfn	0
pauwiin nyo muna ako bago kayo pumunta jan plsplsplspls see you at sm bacolod 	1
almost ready for the huntsville building home garden show few tweeks on friday away we go	0
conor mcgregor is jokes man he tears em all apart at that conference looking forward to dec . th	1
check this video out obama sarkozy cameron how many children did you kill this night ? via	2
i hope niall is fine let s just give him the space he wants and hope he ll be back on his track tomorrow .	0
what time is justin on the today show tomorrow	0
i have snuck into the sunday night vip party at acl . . got to meet dave grohl and party open bar style	0
heading down for the uga v ole miss game with shrek tomorrow . i ll be bangin belles call me quasimodo	0
did you greet josh bradley last sunday u c his bday ? i hope . i love your loveteam !	1
no matter what anyone says . . .ray lewis may be the best defensive player to ever play the game . hes got heart and hes got anger .	1
happy th birthday rella . get drunk for me frl . enjoy your day wish you many more !	1
cannot wait for this cowboys game tonight ! start it off right romo j . e . t . s . sucksucksucksuck	1
i think everyone is having trouble with it by the sounds of it kerry . c mon sort it out please	2
sony has their st film of the summer as war room fought off compton . m to . m .	1
looks like i u m going to knicks vs . heat this sunday .	0
vs . byu tonight for st place in wcc . it s on at pm gotoreros rb	0
ryan grant or felix jones in the th round ! ! ! ! hurry ! ! ! i already have tony romo and dez so idk about fjtheres also steve j	0
had a great time last night the queen mary . i thought i saw a ghost but it turned out to be a really old lady needing some sun .	1
 i feel you may have a date with amazon today ! 	1
on eid ul fitr nd day we have visited kot di jo kilo khairpur and sukkur group members faraz nouman fayaz umar and me	0
 photo briana on ig ready for some risenation work it out on your sunday s . brianatellsall coming soon to you . 	0
kendrick s flow in the last minute of black friday is too damn good	1
one spare runrig ticket for next friday night at the barrowlands ! pm me for details	0
yes it is a song partly about hillsborough u c my point is it was aimed towards suarez on sunday	0
phew u c i u m still on edge after the wenger out stuff ! you going to sjp tomorrow ?	0
a district with links to madrid s and charlie hebdo s terrorist attacks . a good take on it 	2
paul dunne at british open sunday leaderboard score and twitter reaction bleacher . . . that support he . . .	0
i m going to cleveland tomorrow so i ll break up the losing streak . verlander may help .	0
 singing in my beyonce voice i may be young but i m ready . . .to give you all my love	0
thank chris ! great to meet you both too . the descent today was unbelievable ! now in lugano ahead of tomorrow s ride to milan .	1
quevega is even money to win the world hurdle with well happy thursday to me sheisthefemalebigbuck s	1
and then he ll do dustin johnson things on saturday and sunday . choke	0
taken comes out friday and the afghans will have it saturday guaranteed	0
nollywood rising with october kunle afolayan is the most important ambassador the nigerian government does . . .	1
its a tragedy ! ! !muslims should always help muslims lest they become a prey jn the hands of enemies .may allah swt hv mercy	0
hey ! do you know info about the shawn event to saturday ? like i know to be there by but what time would it end amp where is it	0
 justin bieber appeared on thursday at the th place in the top of norway s trends trndnl	0
sam smith found his nirvana in miami ! sam smith is all smiles as he goes for a stroll at the beach on sunday . . .	1
cnn has a definite bias they aren t reporting carly fiorina moving into rd place in iowa on cnnpolitics something going on ?	2
i ve been thinking about it . . . does anyone else find it disturbing how kane may face rape charges and gm s are calling on his availability ?	2
her reaction may have been a nur awkward . but at least angela merkel was honest telling the girl just how it is . merkelstreichelt	1
 new shit things to know for friday the u .s . postal service u c on the brink of default on a second . . . new swag	2
new york giants game by game predictions for the nd half of the season	0
god bless amazon prime just ordered another for delivery tomorrow . . . andbreathe	1
smooth breakfast easing you into a very mild wednesday on the west mids with pixie lott kelly clarkson and bee gees in the next mins	1
milan aug reuters fiat chrysler chief sergio marchionne is preparing to take over as chief executive at ferrari ahead of the	0
i u m listening to the a capellas of the nd law and appreciating how bad ass bellamy is . not that i didn u t already know from his other albums	2
 . via the last time it was sarah louise palin this moment willard mitt romney or thursday joseph robinette paul	0
be sure to watch miss usa tomorrow night at pm et on the reelz channel ! i can not wait to see which beautiful . . .	1
to erdogan the prospect of an independent kurdish state is more frightening than rampaging islamists . pkk isis	2
tonight tipsy tuesdays at arch street at big bangs good food u c music u c and drinks at th arch	1
rousey was right . you know you ll get beat you just want the 	0
ortiz nearly hits career homer no . . instead it goes off top of the cf wall for an rbi double off gomez . red sox in th . phillies	0
done my balls in barca but still treated myself to a five euro st class upgrade on the fast train to madrid . budgetballer	1
rt t mobile going after k network abusers on monday . . .some of them are using as m . . . techyupd s	2
qb rb threat blake sims may be just offensive weapon bama needs	0
details of matches we re showing live for the rugby world cup coming later today .	0
alright let me know . want to see ac dc wednesday at metlife ? can meet you at secaucus station and drive over .	0
tom brady is locked for thursday . let the season begin ! repeatseason	1
excessive hit on eagles after defender falls on bentley after he hits turf . yd penalty . st and on emu .	0
theresa may is laying down a marker for the tory leadership . tough on immigration and tough on the causes of immigration .	1
i thought meteor goliath was supposed to be available to everyone today rd of september i cant find it im on ps 	0
monday night raw in hour john cena returns plus brock lesnar and the undertaker in the same building could go wild on usa network	1
colby robak gets credit for nd assist on rampage first goal . tie u c aeros in san antonio u c halfway through the first .	0
but tomorrow is my day off so i ll be alright kendrick voice 	1
may be able to find out same info with google	0
democrats call on lt . gov . ard to resign democrats called thursday for the immediate resignation of lt . g . . .	2
 watchingfootballmakesme wanna hear more about cris collinsworth s man crush on tom brady you know that s gonna happen tomorrow .	0
wildest dreams by taylor swift is tuesday s guitar tutorial . check it out !	1
as an early xmas gift i get to dj alongside on the th december at the waiting room . . . its been a while	1
hi eve i hope you enjoyed ant man ! saverday tuesday is all day amp prices can be found here in future 	1
people putting these twilight movie tickets on instagram like they just purchased some st row amp backstage passes to the hot jam .	2
 . you bought spx on then mocked sellers on friday .now you posted this joke ?anyone who bought monday even did better than you	2
a s newcomer yoenis cespedes will make cactus league debut on saturday by carl steward phoenix it s finally . . .	0
could you verify is moto g rd gen aptx enabled ?	0
fm preview west bromwich albion v arsenal may footymad attempt to assist you with their form guide as wes . . .	0
kane just asked me for the rd time if i had fun run	1
not really because you re deluding yourself burns me no more than thursday being named after thor .	0
poland criticize the th amendment . the new frame has been opened . none of the topic was on that earlier . uprlka	0
please remember that the deadline for the st quarter box tops for education and our trash for cash fundraiser is . . .	0
april amp i watching thor is just us groaning at how hot chris hemsworth and tom hiddleston are	1
briana may be pregnant but i ll never believe it s louis until he looks happy about it lmao	0
you may not speak to justin bieber unless you are spoken to wtf are you the queen ? the pope ? no didn t think so	2
pre pm narendra modi to address top military commanders on friday prime minister narendra modi will interact with suf	0
 headiesall of you famzing live at the headies and dnt knw where eko hotel n suite dey . .may ur twitter connection be bad . godpunishu	2
watching paper towns tomorrow with my bestfriend is it good ?	1
watching eddie izzard circle . sooooo funny but i think it u s bed time . will make andy watch it with me tomorrow .	1
 august . paul mccartney announced the formation of his new band wings .	0
remember everyone out there all you members of anonymous u c you rebels u c you supporters of the gunpowder plot wear your mask november th .	0
i may sound cruel be it it s nice to have terrorists like yakub languishing in prison dying bit by bit before actually being hanged . . .	0
ira jailed for life for murder serves only two years and walks free because of good friday agreement victims forgot about wont see justice	2
in minutes of kerry collins the colts are down . let s give curtis painter a shot in the nd quarter . why not ?	0
carly fiorina s message to the nra s annual meeting amp support for the nd amendment .	1
people need to be free . and there s a place in the sun np bob marley i know a place	1
when you re about to not go to school to go see justin .	1
i really want to go see sam smith in austin this saturday	1
your relationship may not be incest bobbi kristina but it sure is creepy as hell . . . . . .	2
how about walker rd top of hill and streets off walker spring hll knollwood maple oak ? out since monday . trees wires on walker down 	0
uw going all whites for st time against ducks . . think they meant to have autzen as part of this graphic tho ? hahaha	1
muslims will assist muslims into high positions in the uk . . . . .i think we may be fucked guys . . . . .	2
tomorrow at on first coast connect we ll discuss the recent dust up between ben affleck and bill maher over islam . hear it live on . !	0
if you say you re lesbian but you can t be friends with straight guys because you are afraid of what may happen between y all . you aint gay !	2
actors have the academy awards u c recording artists have the grammys u c and now . .dj u s have the gsa u s ! ! nominees announced tomorrow 	0
tuesday is cleaning day at shop ! and you all thought us indys were all snorting caviar off roman abramovich and that mythbusting	0
remember this ? santorum romney u c obama healthcare mandates one and the same therealromney	0
just driving past groves . scoreboard says seaholm . . . may not be accurate i m not at the game .	2
he has years left on his deal so afc u s resistance may be to strong . where do you predict espanyol will finish ?	2
thursday is the best day of the week because of vampire diaries ! tvd	1
victor cruz aint do the salsa all game . . .he u s overdue . . . .its the th quarter . . .its time	0
might have a royal rumble death drinking game tomorrow . alone . one day u c we should have a rumble death drinking game	0
maybe he ll run into some of those zionists who hate christians .	2
ben amos is on the bench for the england u s . as they take on serbia in the nd leg of their play off for the euros .	0
just realized that on my th bday everyone will be like hashtag year since zayn left and i ll just be sitting in my room crying like tf	2
josh hamilton with his th game winning rbi this season . rangers	0
this wednesday rd december special twilight market at . pm until . pm just in time to buy fresh for christmas ! no market boxing day	1
i ve gotta admit i m not too sure yet about kane mysen . . . got a lot to live up to after that st season	0
i ll just leave this right here . . kendrick lamar black friday np on soundcloud	0
kerry iran agreement not a panacea for the sectarian amp extremist violence ripping region apart . but history may judge it a turning point	0
 tomorrow by the winans is on my heart so heavy this morning . . . wonder who needs to hear it !	1
she call me baby i call her bae sorry the wait carter iv on the way ! august th . hellllll yeahhh ! 	1
just saw a van for a bat removal company that said batman on the hood . definitely made my friday morning .	1
white sox could further explore robertson trade in offseason via they can t get to the th to use him .	0
lost my ss shirt u c so i u m just gonna wear my old ss jacket tomorrow instead b	2
toyota hybrids alias heavy demand credits grease the palm in front of january st mekupvjcm	1
need cough medicine and or lemsips . may be critical if you want the gazette on wednesday ! anyone do deliveries ? ? ? dying	2
hope i can go to the pca game with my bestie tomorrow 	1
sam smith tonight . probs won t have a voice tomorrow .	0
ballet west reality show raked in a million viewers may be canceled in the wake of the success of films such a . . .	2
i work till pm . yay lol cant wait till thursday and get paid . need to get back on xbox to lpay with and	1
funny how you call it thursday and don t believe thor was real .	1
rt new photo from tonight of lady gaga and britney before brit s concert tonight !	0
i love thursdays . . . .grey u s anatomy . . . .one day closer to friday . . . . .and no driving to huntsville .	1
yea gibbs to score the th for afc still	0
attend the september ics techtalk about the ibm connections cloud q update socbiz	1
i don u t know what y u all will be doing on november u c but i u ll be in a google hangout with jordy nelson ! ! squeeeeee	0
on november me u c my mom u c and my sister are going to see breaking dawn part judgeus	0
very true i wish they would accept but i think we have a shot to get him in january and fight barca for him what do you think ?	1
morning news reported about fukushima daiichi and it s queer to hear about what s going on in japan outside japan .	0
when the st season of naruto was airing the moment i stepped inside my classroom my friend and me would scream about it for like hours	1
tomorrow is valentine s day or as we single people like to call it . . .thursday .	0
new joe biden may not announce a decision on race until well into the fall .	0
sen . bernie sanders braves the summer heat at fairgrounds thursday night	1
awkward when marni in halloweentown completely changes people between the rd and th movie imsickandnothingison	2
just finished watching sharknado . it was so silly that it was decent especially the ending . can t believe they re making a th one now !	2
rt the guy is a nut but i will miss andy rooney rambling about something ridiculous each sunday night 	2
so used to watching hannibal on saturday i am shocked i am going clubbing . hannibal fannibalsarentdone	0
james may not be a good big brother player but he is a great comedian both intentional and unintentional	0
i have an important race tomorrow u c which determines if we make cif u c and i u m sitting here eating donuts . .	2
shinji kagawa held a coaching clinic for students on tuesday to support children in areas hit by the japan earthquake . jakart . . . mufc	0
tennessee th graders assignment write amp recite allah is the only god in week focus on islam in history class	0
are you coming to the fair on sunday	0
lionel messi received his nd golden boot for being the top scorer in europen league . he scored goals in . . .	1
i stay up til every morning just to watch between the lions .	0
i may congratulate you will not hear from town but feeding and while justin bieber let them pleasing .	1
umm i maybe spent more money than i should have today oops . well hopefully the sphero amazon order dosnt come until friday at the very least	0
the spurs may be my favorite team out of the western conference	1
boom ! another strikeout for david price ! bluejays up heading to the btm of the th ! gojaysgo	1
one of the main influences for nd album is michael jackson . . . no joke .	0
repio ceo neil cox is speaking at chicago u s social media week tomorrow about social media the changing face of employment check it . . .	0
on july th i posted a video of the s pro wrestling entrance theme music of hulk hogan titled i am a real . . .	0
well the ravens played there first preseason game this thursday againt the eagles ravens d vs michael vick .	0
don t forget all films before pm are just a fiver for all ! valid mon fri only . book now and enjoy ant man . . .	1
today is my last day in bellagio bc we re spending the day in milan tomorrow im gonna be so sad leaving this place	0
tweet from the great state of denial . new tv show called hannibal on thur at pm . the guy plyn hannibal has good cheek bones . im intrigued	1
fly madness william hill now real price is about hurricane fly wins champion hurdle next tuesday .	1
ears in heaven listening to lenny kravitz strut loving it enjoyed his work since i st heard mr cab driver	1
do you guys know if alli simpson will be at codys concert tomorrow ?	0
what is that book that is supposedly about katie holmes and tom cruise ? i m going to barnes amp noble tomorrow ! help	1
i had an amazing day at the milton keynes bowl seeing the foo fighters and iggy pop and royal blood for the st . . .	1
yeah you re playing tomorrow obv you aint going tho against barbarians then aussies away next home are september 	1
that s very interesting ! i ll be going out on trips often between now and xmas but i can after nov and then most dec up to 	1
july . cubs vs . reds with all game times scheduled for . white sox vs . yankees with all times tbd .	0
rsvp here for way to st . patty s day this saturday ! receive discount drinks all night for you your guests !	1
choosing to read the transcript of the interview mansbridge did with harper due to the extreme nd hand embarrassment i m bound to endure	2
lets bounce to wrestlemania th in nyc . undertaker is truly the last one left of the s era . the rock gon compete too	0
 espn sec lunch links some linkage for you on a thursday alabama will throw some different things . . . bulldogs	0
the foo fighters concert is on tuesday so i doubt we will even be back by o clock . i might not see you at all	0
royal birthday work . happy nd prince george from all of us across the pond . constitution park pool	1
 unbreakable tracklist revealed janet jackson jimmy jam amp terry lewis are back in a record store near you oct nd !	1
or happy monday or tgif or . . . how about we all just shut the fuck up for a bit ? the animals will appreciate it .	2
looking forward to the lions game tonight . tele on sound down and church on the radio . and the rey with a form to dream of !	1
why would it be so bad if arod played in the all star game but nobody cares that ryan braun will be playing tomorrow night mlballstargame	0
free hugging day ?tapos may free kissing day ? o .o kailan na ang malanday ?	0
check out jurassic world at pm wednesday in the auditorium ! come show the raptors who s the alpha ! unt	1
my professor just high fived me when i let him know i ll be skipping his class tomorrow for the taylor swift concert	1
tune into monday night raw live from san jose california as brock lesnar returns to raw on the road to summerslam monday at pm et on usa	0
watching paper towns today for the st time yaaay	1
man utd arsenal . sylvain wiltord scored as arsenal win at old trafford in the fa cup th round .	1
hehehehe can t wait for the rd season of vampire diaries 	1
tomorrow is the elvis extravaganza ! tune in to . fm at am for all the elvis presley you can handle . it s gonna be rockin .	1
rory mcilroy remains world no . in the latest rankings while rickie fowler moved above jim furyk dustin johnson amp justin rose into th spot	0
were you able to fill out the google form to register for the show on the th ?	0
this is the nd time i ve gone to starbucks in my iron maiden shirt and a worker ask me my favorite album . . . . i don t listen to iron maiden	0
knicks vs celtics is just a pt shootout new york has and there u s mins left in the nd	0
penny dreadful is a record breaker is out in march u c just in time for world book day ! x	1
good starts for federer and stosur . berdych level at after winning the nd set !	1
theresa may in her desire to win over the dunderheads who vote in tory leadership elections really does personify the stupid party .	2
a gay marriage license will never legitimize sin you may get the marriage penalty amp pay higher taxes but b god you r still living in sin	2
ed sheeran and the weeknd may be the best duo yet . . darktimes	1
apple s new announcements come wednesday also likely a new version of apple tv with a redesigned set top b . . .	0
i hope the management understand we need some quality players come to milan not only 	2
can u t wait to see you dec th u c at msg in ny 	1
ben has said his st sb he played like shit and against the packers he played ok but picks hurts	2
taking a break from golden sun ! got done with jupiter lighthouse getting the wings on the boat ! gonna maple again ! ! ! ! p	0
of course i m coming ! writer is going to see ant man tomorrow but i know i will at least see ya ! 	1
stayed in grand bend and watched the sun go down	0
ok i guess i will go see emmylou harris play her album u wrecking ball u on wednesday and so maybe you should also come 	1
once you ve finished reading go set a watchman you should come along to our discussion group in store at pm on july th . gsaw	0
leaving the n .o . early tomorrow to get to hammond !	0
guess who s going to sit in a tub and listen to fleetwood mac and pretend tomorrow isn t monday ? me	1
the great new york state fair starts on august and opens with concerts by everclear eric church and rick . . .	0
you may oppose death penalty . . .you may demand justice for riot victims but none of this makes yakub an innocent bystander .stop this nonsense	2
just sat in bentley and watched a girl munch down on a whole bag of chips . . and i m not talking about the tiny bags . she had family size .	2
blog post mtv u s teen mom returns for an intense third season with chelsea u c jenelle u c kailyn and leah on monday u c . . .	0
casually sat in the toilet at the hospital on the phone to harry then ben u c standard	0
apple has a recall on all st generation ipod nano s and will give you a th generation ipod nano if you return the st generation one .	1
great raw tonight . . . st the dudley boys and then to end with sting ! ! ! wweraw wwe	1
i ve watched three seasons of game of thrones since saturday . now i m going to start season . my life is exciting .	1
the daily zap all the action from wednesday u s six pack can be found right here in the daily zap .	0
a normal hard slide into nd would be comparison to thor pitching inside utley comparison would be if he actually hit him in the head	0
it was a jab at donald trump but they both have a d an n an a and an r in their names so i get the nyt confusion .	0
i u m going as scott peterson tomorrow and my brothers are going as sandusky and paterno . possibly the most insensitive party ever . no fucks .	0
right see if you get any oreo balls tomorrow .	0
 askchrishemsworth do you know chris evans may enjoy your diet ? captain america is now stronger than thor 	0
the part in last friday night by katy perry where they start chanting tgif sounds like a sacrifice is about to happen	1
limaland motorsports park tomorrow night to watch the woo light it up . . then heading to eldora speedway for the . . .	0
 jerzday tonight first episode of jersey shore season premieres tonight ! ! ! ! ! 	1
tomorrow i m going to buy the tickets of the concert in mexico city obviously in the first line	1
 amp aug reuters frank gifford a star on the football field for the new york giants and later a star in the broadcasting booth as	0
let rousey and tate fight and have cyborg on the same card at . if rousey and cyborg both win then have the fight in april	0
boehner tells obama that sorry the house is all booked up for sept maybe you can come another day . . .	2
ant semites unwittingly aiding israel turkey s severing of ties helped israel get training it may need vs . iran	0
it s been doing it for a while . may have happened with windows .	0
going on me hols tomoz so a break on my sunday routine . i ll be saving the nirvana ep of til monday at the poolside .	1
icymi the afhs labor day sale has been extended but don t wait it absolutely ends monday ! thisishome	1
getting sick right before the ucla football game on saturday 	2
see you again in april justin bieber 	1
tuesday night the cw network will be showing dr horrible s sing a long blog . if you haven t seen it you should !	1
 . picksix dana white announcing holly holm s next fight won t be until a july rematch with ronda rousey is . hometeam	0
finally home from florida annoying that we lost but on the next as jay z says .looking forward relaxing tonight and tomorrow xx	1
republicans had their way stock market crashed they did not want to pay taxes they lost billions of dollars today !	2
milan italian premier matteo renzi on thursday defended the government s move to save four local banks saying	0
see you tomorrow at the britannia ! been almost a year since we got to meet you in milan now to see you turn it up in stoke !	1
thursday night line uppppp henny coke chipotle u c vampire diaries u c greys anatomy u c scandal ! fuckkkkk with me sonnn	2
you guys were amazing in belfast on monday night ! my pup thor loves your music ! ! !	1
wait if it s am here in england that means calibraska is out tomorrow asdfksjhabaishebs	0
get ready for information on winter jam tomorrow with shine . 	0
when you realise that it s no longer teen wolf monday and you have no clue what to do with your life	2
i hope milan mom say that she can come over on the th	0
that may be a function of total aircraft weight at take off at the higher altitude in tehran . boo iran . boo isis . boo evil	2
caitlyn jenner may be serving jail time ? what s the bad news ?	2
there s just something about sunday s that throws dustin johnson off . maybe he can get back going on monday .	0
 . blasts the tory attack on the green agenda in guardian today libdemfightback	2
kugan cassius interviewing ricky burns on his dec th fight ! is rick the only world champ still working part time ? ! . .	0
i u m going to roger sanchez at factory in toronto u c canada dec 	0
entered the cape argus pick n pay cycle tour happening on ! this will be the th time ! check it out	0
saudi turkey us nervous as two sponsored moderate rebels against asad were eliminated ? by the us amp israel method ?	0
 more days to go and we u re off to the london conference on saturday we u re excited to network with other youth councils again !	1
eden hazard has claimed the reason chelsea may be finding life difficult in the premier league this season is . . .	0
if milan win tomorrow then milan are in the final	1
gay man i may look white but inside i m a big old black lady ! me anyway you re not funny or cute	0
hi there . this is arjhay in behalf of ira . may i know the details of your concern for further assistance ?	0
one more day of work before rugby filled weekend . hurry up saturday ! esherrugby refereeing excited	1
may the giants go down faster then fluke on date night .	2
it s gonna at least be a new iphone event . it s that time of year ago . the next iphone comes out on or around sept th .	1
a senseless error by starlin castro and kris bryant led to a pirates run in the th inning 	0
nbc news survey donald trump st place saying they would vote for him . ben carson a surprise rd place with carly fiorina tied for th .	0
i m gonna be on brand and ask do you think chris evans will be there ? 	0
im actually excited to record aw on ps tomorrow it been a while	1
who sings ya know i like my chicken fried . cold beer on a friday night . pair of jeans that fit just right and the radio upppp ? ?	1
sum chelsea fans in their dreams believe hazard is the rd best player in the world afta messi and ronaldo . not sure they ve heard of muller	0
i love israel . love the jews . so i may make a terrible nazi . 	1
rented scifi movie the edge of tomorrow with tom cruise friday . really underrated . hadn t enjoyed a new movie like that in quite awhile .	1
this may be the weirdest thing i ve ever seen . fireworks by katy perry yoko ono cover 	2
going sylvia park tomolols and den night market l ter on that same day and then early bed and sunday idk aye ?	0
yakub has gone . whatever happened may be right . i want asked kiran bedi .that whatever yakub done .it was wrong but after babri masjid 	2
it may have started but now the is in siberia u c yes u c siberia writers writing	0
fanwars between kpop fandoms will always happen kahit anong pigil natin . pero at the end pag may outsider na nagbash satin sino yung 	0
see you on saturday ! ! days hours minutes seconds until ed sheeran in atl countdown	1
i may not like kpop but don t bring racism and the dead and i m taking to both sides directioners and kpoppers welove dandkpop	0
bright side of the sun recapping the recaps see what others said about the suns loss to warriors suns	1
i still want that birthday cake remix that i wanted on saturday . . .	1
remember in straight outta compton when ice cube was writing friday ? now you can own his hat !	0
here s the scoop on how to get free ice cream on sunday for national ice cream day .	1
with consecutive bunts to david wright . st is perfect for base hit . dw makes trademark barehanded grab . nd is sac . mets	1
geaux tigers ! i u ll be in death valley saturday night for the game of the century iii	1
harold and the purple crayon u c although it may be for slightly younger . and anything by dr . seuss is always quality .	0
i would love to have cavani man . he s over shawdowed and played nd fiddle to zlatan he would shine at arsenal	1
she may not be ready for rousey yet .	2
esperance will be without star player youssef msakni for the first leg of the champions league final against al ahly on saturday . africa	2
hold on the source that said zayn dumped perrie over text was also the sun and of lm fans believe it !	0
 nd place again . how could it happen ? mtvstars lady gaga	2
apologies mistress . i thought mnf was monday night football ? i get a rerun of it on a tuesday . which team is yours ? xx	1
chelsea striker diego costa is a doubt for the blues clash against crystal palace on saturday through injury .	2
sdhs is very proud of mary satchwill and sam smith who participated in the swiss ambassador program on august th .	1
kalo messi ? ?rt pic jose mourinho with sun mingming chinese basket ball player one of the . . .	0
all i want for my th birthday are taylor swift tickets . no party u c just tickets .	1
kurt cobain just snapped me this after i told him i work tomorrow .	0
knowing that is at rum runners right now makes it hard for me to control my excitement for tomorrow ! farmtour	1
didn t get french toast at wawa cause i fully expect chris ant cass and i to go to ihop tomorrow so i can order it w oj and home fries .	1
records on the line as world cup race resumes fabio capello u s russia face portugal in the pick of friday u s fi . . .	0
first reaction would look great in a simcity game . nd reaction ooh u c it u s motorized !	1
addicted to army wives and i u m only on the th episode of the st season !	1
congratulations for tomorrow as it will be her one year anniversary of making dean ambrose memes lt lt lt lt 	1
rt come party with us young dro next sunday august th black lion atl auburn ave . free vodka shot menti . . .	0
i kind of tried . . . but ipod soooo i u m just gonna sleep tomorrow or something u 	1
monster is an anime . hannibal is a live action nbc show . it just finished its rd season .	0
on our way to edinburgh it s our son kane s st we brought him up on great music ! please say happy birthday .thanks guys	1
thor s single with strikes leading off the rd is what should tick them off .	0
alan rickman reading return of the native perfect sunday listening bliss	1
s sean and ash doing a run though tonight ready for their radio show tomorrow night live pm till pm	0
on today july in nirvana play at the central tavern in seattle . there were about people in attendance .	0
start your weekend off right at east tonight with pure friday . enjoy delicious graze dining from pm and . . .	1
wolfsburg are on fire today ! today they may be announcing the signing of draxler praet who was also linked with juventus and dante !	1
news update new review update july adam e . here with four new reviews . today is national hot dog day . . .	1
that was the revelation i mentioned on sunday evening . i am still in abj . how are u where have u been again ?	1
james franklin one ups mark dantonio in the bad play calling department by calling a fake punt on th and umvspsu	2
 the sun daily us clerk jailed for blocking gay marriage released chicago the us county clerk sent to jail . . .	0
happy thursday ! northshore toyota has tons of cars in stock with your name on them ! come on by ! covingtonla cardealership toyotacars	1
katie . . . ha tomorrow is her last day	1
we have tickets for the orange conference fri . . contact shawn for more info . check out this link .	0
july pm est big time movie will be premiering on ytv with one direction commenting during commercials .	0
auction auction auction ! ms miesha tate will be fighting august th on sf ! don u t you want to feel . . .	1
national hot dog day is tomorrow my dream had meaning behind it	1
so it u s official monday is my first day . no more matt for a long while . . except on tuesday u s or wednesdays 	2
jesse jackson u c in gso u c says he u s headed to sanford fla u c where trayvon martin was killed u c saturday night .	0
lax sesh tomorrow fr need it	0
i ve had problems with my email and haven t received any information for saturday s star wars secret cinema . can you resend ?	2
save the date ! ! next saturday the th of december circoloco is back at showcase paris live club with dan . . .	0
in case you haven t been paying attention to greece for a couple of months this man could unseat tsipras on sep .	0
adam were you at ted last friday in leicester square ? ? when is anuvahood coming out i want to see that	1
mehdi hasan will be debating the issue of drones on sunday live in a few minutes	0
frank ocean idk how im going to make it through tomorrow so pls drop the album	0
time to start monday night raw with a typical generic opening promo from seth rollins such greatness .	1
rt for those who haven t heard lady gaga has attended britney spears femme fatale tour tonight ! godgalovesgodney	0
straight outta compton was class been cruising about like ice cube since sunday .	0
dustin johnson has the openchampionship field right where he wants them heading into tomorrow s final round in front of him .	1
front row shot of david wright on wednesday night in st .lucie . keep up the excellent work sir !	0
how much is retro city rampage ? on the playstation network u c i need to know since im purchasing a psn card tomorrow and need to know	0
my bench would be . th man seth rollins . chris jericho . brock lesnar . ric flair and . . . . john cena . . . just kidding . not cena . xd	0
 us tom brady discusses dealing with tough situation tom brady addressed reporters sunday and express . . . news	0
i better have a seat by you and katie tomorrow ! can you say party ?	1
my following may not be as big as jay z s but i got a solid supportive growing following . thanks for the love . teamm y u	1
tiger woods yesterday tomorrow is going to be just like today . you can get on a run and make a bunch of birdies . you ve gotta go get it . 	1
ends tomorrow ! want to win visa copies of paper towns ? i just entered to win and you can too .	1
rolling stone magazine talk about real music for once in their piece about rituals de lo habitual s th anniversary !	1
it s am i should sleep i have school tomorrow ugh i miss teen wolf can january pls come fast already	2
alright who s choosing paul mccartney over the weeknd tomorrow ?	0
 cyborg going to reach pounds to combat rousey in december breakingnews 	0
sun thor the elf hanging out on our tv this morning . thortheelf 	1
who s going to dapperday at disneyland next friday ? what are you going to wear ?	1
why there so much easier i u m pretty sure tomorrow is the cupid shuffle tho . . . i hate that	2
bryce harper triples home solano with the tying run in the th off tim byrdak . mats and nats .	0
tomorrow brownbag lunch w info session learn about the big brother experience amp how you can make an impact .	1
girl exactly but i u m mad because they pushed gotti date back ! but fuck all that november rva ! shawty how you acting ? ?	2
as of nite it goes down at big bangs . . th and arch st . . am . . .crazy drink specials and more . . . .music by	1
not a lot has changed . . . i m sat with coffee right now lol	0
heading home to ireland with golfers from my club on saturday staying at lough erne resort and off to dublin for some fun	1
let s pretend that its a holiday boy you know its only temporary . just a kiss i m gonna blow away like a valentine in february .	0
video of the st points for anthony davis u c lin u c harden u c rivers u c drummond u c harrison barnes jrich on their new teams	0
you can t make this up . dustin johnson starts his round with a snowman quadruple boget on the st .	0
seth rollins talks amp talks every monday on raw for about minutes	0
 greta fiorina hands down . but can she show she can lead the miltary ? she may be the next angela merkel	0
cbb final celebrity juice hollyoaks and hollyoaks later tonight woo !	1
gov . john kasich has a problem he is starting late in a man field with the first debate coming up on the th of aug . he must debate	2
yes father how are you ? i u m all well u c haha sun is always out u c you know what that leads to . hows future bobby moore getting on ?	1
nyc baseball fans upgrade hot dogs to avodogs in celebration of national hot dog day on july the peruvian . . .	1
 thailand washington us president barack obama vowed wednesday as he visited storm ravaged new jersey shore to . . .	0
and mail calendar music and video apps have been rewritten for the third time in four years . . .	2
thanos sat there . .and thor just kneelt beside him . . he pulled his hair back . .and thor was just red from blood . . here he is 	0
in order that others may know in the land of the night the ship is drawn by the grateful dead .	1
video throwback sunday prince george amp princess charlotte after her christening at the church of st mary magdalene	0
suicideblonde selena gomez at the tiff press conference for spring breakers september th	0
think more like sam gagner for hammer u c more . nd line center u c played with kane . perfect . .now let u s make it happen	1
republican hopeful carly fiorina said monday that she feels like the only candidate going after hillary clinto . . .	0
nashville will be rocking downtown with concerts tomorrow night dolly parton . shania twain eric church and the monkeys ! ! venues	1
today very rare day when democrats will get healthier on their club for growth scorecards than most republicans .	1
rdm seriously believes last night proves sunday u s defeat was unjust ? if anything u c i u m surprised our first xi didn u t twat you on sunday .	2
apparently dark souls may be the end of the series . all i can say is it better be the peak of the series too .	0
the bee gees stayin alive was originally named saturday night but the band decided there were too many songs with that title already	0
stop what you re doing . sharknado is on syfy channel . and sharknado premieres tomorrow night . life is good	1
may the force touch be with you apple . unleash that monster ipad . come on ! appleevent	1
i remember buying my tickets to rowyso last year the day of my wwa concert at metlife and now tomorrow is the concert	1
i may be late on this but the qb for denver looks like the dude from twilight .	0
u where the streets have no name innocence experience tour ziggo dome amsterdam september via	0
 . so long as arsenal finish th cl is confirmed mr wenger will remain as manager . realistically we can not win the pl .	0
who would want to go to ed sheeran september th with kylie and i ? ? ?	0
 paul paul mccartney amp wings hot as sun concert for the people of kampuchea	0
 . i can t see myself leaving real madrid if the president told me to sign on for years today i would do it . . 	1
boko haram suffered heavy losses on sunday as nigerian troops took down insurgents faljari along the . . .	2
the rd kibou concert for victims of the japan earthquake is happening tomorrow at . pm details here 	0
 factsaboutmybestfriend u c plays softball u c loves the lakers u c she u s a la girl u c junior u c birthday september u c th she loves her black boys !	1
 the reziduals at stevie starlite u s jam night at southside u s in alsip tonight pm we u re hosting our own at murphy u s law this friday !	0
real clear politics yes sharknado is happening sharknado oh hell no ! premiered in the u .s . wednesday . . .	0
monday was a great sign for david wright . but if he stumbles he s willing to take a backseat 	1
a big congrats to kevin mccarthy who was victorious on saturday in the presidents day comp with a fine performance of very steady golf .	1
nice win thor captain america and the falcon came up big let s even this up tomorrow . letsgomets	1
ryan braun baseball s antihero just shows up in the th and hits a triple	0
the only great dead beatle is george harrison . may he serenade me with a sweet guitar solo as i enter the pearly gates	1
 . . . make huge sacrifices . croke park is the rd largest stadium in europe . ed sheeran concerts were there recently .	0
episode ant man the comics is out now to hold you over until episode arrives on wednesday !	1
kanye west and piers morgan have the same weed dealer . . .	2
stoops admits he wouldn t believe they d be nd in the country in interceptions . i gotta be honest there . 	2
may have smoked a blunt with jay z at the show last nigh trying to remember . .no big deal but i want his connect shits fire ! ! !	1
today sefton v home noon including president u s day nd xi v away . pm . let u s hope the forecast u s wrong !	0
friday night mom bringing home a taco for me while i watch game of thrones with my dog .	1
you may very soon get what your wish . israel looks set to come out of the closet amp give their bomb raid kiss of death to iran .	2
tomorrow night it u s your chance to slay a dragon in jerusalem u s old city !	1
 dec the un called on nations to stop discriminating against women . yrs amp iran continues to ignore cedaw	2
saturday nov th fm kirby center in wilkes barre pa . . .hope to see you there . . .	1
fuck you u c band that covered it on friday night u c and fuck you ricky martin for existing in the first place you big jerk .	2
i honesty live for teen wolf so i m really sad that the new season doesn t start till january 	0
niall stuffed with lots of happiness wrapped in a canadian flag with a side of fake hair dye	0
part of me thinks nicki is so serious about her attitude towards miley tho . she may be cool with her but she was a little serious . vmas	0
how many times do you think hank williams plays are you ready for some football per concert ? times a night ? at least ?	0
only good thing about getting up at on a saturday is having an extra hours to ponder on mr fantasy team kane in or out . . . dilemma	1
it u s ferry friday between torpoint and plymouth with waiting times upto minutes . pc 	0
beautiful sun rises these days and still mild with no wind . we are heading out to some islands on lough erne we ve never been to before !	1
conor mcgregor vs . max holloway ii for the undisputed ufc fw title on december th is going to be fun .	1
saturday in the d . . .bill maher at the fox theatre killed tonight . . .heard there was some other things going on across the street .	0
have you seen the st episode of styled to rock the fashion talent produced by rihanna dedicated to kanye . . .	0
so kanye west just replaced frank ocean as the headliner for fyf on saturday . . .	0
this street fighter v beta on ps tomorrow . i m ready to give someone the hands . preferably a few of my peeps part of the nax crew .	1
 firework go off jake it s way past th of july wtf me memorial day ? jake makes sense me jake me jake labor day you jackass oh	0
good morning sue mum was good yesterday she going to blackpool illuminations tomorrow amp fish amp chip lunch she ll enjoy . . .	1
hi everyone ! our new nirvana mix is out on itunes tomorrow but you can listen to it early by clicking this . . .	0
i want to play apples to apples at a halloween party tomorrow .	1
rachel and i are going to ihop tomorrow and shes going to see exactly how much food i can eat in one sitting	1
school starts on monday i want to crai .	2
ladies amp gentleman it s time for monday night raw ! and we start it off with the beast incarnate brock lesnar raw brocklesnar	1
love to friends at the apple event . wish i were there with you but given what i ll be doing on the nurburgring tomorrow i shan t complain .	0
michael salter the pride chair who boasted of getting ukip onto the march receives an honour in the dissolution list btw .	0
hi zayn ! tomorrow is th amp she absolutely loves you . if you could please tweet her it would make her day !	1
i want to see the video from the cop who owned his own body cam as he shot brenden glenn at venice beach on may th . mystery	0
error on mariners ss miller and the white sox tie it with outs in the bottom of the th .	0
from a call to prayer for america saturday at the washington reflecting pool with the washington monument in the . . .	0
 ufc mma ufc responds to floyd mayweather s shot at ronda rousey the ufc just stoked the flames . on thursday . . .	0
others . tom robinson of bbc music told me in july i have to get back to engaging with people .	0
tomorrow i m going to have my class discuss heroism and i m using mikasa from attack on titan as an example . otaku	1
 of smartphone users are apple blocked ios . they do not understand why he may have downgraded to ios . so stuck on ios . . 	2
jeb bush dug himself a deep hole with his act of love comment .if he was yesterday he will be tomorrow	2
miley has no tits amp ass but kim and nicki may have the same botox injection expert and kim ain t got shit to lose .	2
carly fiorina gaining in polls moves to secure spot in nd g .o .p . debate mrs . fiorina the former hewlett p . . .	0
chuck norris can make a hole in the sun with a snowball	1
we always get pushed out to ss with ben sheppard . could be worse . could be thursday night with colin murray afc	2
 reuters the season opener between the new york knicks and brooklyn nets set for thursday at the barclays cen . . .	0
io doesn t even get to hold the new david bowie music video ? ! c mon gawker !	0
 lad night in milan in munich then back the friday	0
hell it may be their idea to flood europe with muslims and then the take over begins world wide towel head dominance	2
woke up convinced it was saturday . didn t love realizing it s only thursday but labeling it star wars day in my head made it better .	1
seth rollins may be a good superstar to date but he is no legend ! he needs to put that statue behind him and focus on sting . raw	0
is anybody going to tob on saturday ?	0
happy th birthday to my boy kyle ! ! very proud of him ! i would definitely rate him in the top of all my kids !	1
join us for the last kidstuff show of next sunday nov at pm in the smith center . get a sneak peek . . .	0
what the fuck . paul mccartney is finally coming back to detroit and tickets go on sale tomorrow . i don t have dollars	2
i think xbox and ps gets it on the th	0
daylight savings is ending and you know what that means an extra hour of sleep on saturday night ! this is our . . .	0
sinead already a lock for the irish one after her crisp rolling stone cover critique	0
seth rollins probably grew up watching sting friday night channel in black amp white amp now he s wrestling him for the wwe title	0
steve emerson on sun news network with michael coren political correctness has damaged all aspects of life . . . via	2
we think it s ridiculous that carly fiorina isn t on the debate . she s what th ? she should be on the main debate stage	0
rt so apparently just announced at powwow day is in vegas and there is another cruise in may to hawaii . too . . .	0
going to see ant man on tuesday ! is it worth the money or should i avoid it and go see another film ?	0
kianta got the nd golden globe award for being the dumbest most to serious boy tonight . . . .first place goes to the guy who jumped on the car	0
happy tgif ! and a long weekend too ! may you weekend be full of many long runs and walks ! victoriamarathon	1
t mobile promised me next day air so if i don t have a brand new iphone in my hand tomorrow after class they re fake af	2
reminder july nd pm i will be hosting an open lobby on the livestream	0
will there ever be a rd season of breakout kings ? fx should pick you guys up ! please tell me sumthin good ! ! ! best show ever !	1
clemson plans to honor lattimore on saturday night . they are dedicating the final play of the duke game to him u c when they take a knee .	0
just found out about the production of dickens performs a christmas carol u c surely a must this december .	0
i m gonna yell it out at school on monday . thank you	0
kinda just want to stay home and cry all day tomorrow . . .	2
i was at the game tonight the amount of blue jays fans there was incredible . by the th it was with red sox fans .	1
 simonika hivemind ! we should watch sharknado tomorrow . . .it might just blow your mind sorry notsorry	1
they re unveiling me wednesday at the yerba buena center in sf . don t know why but i like the way looks at me .	1
seth rollins says that monday was suppose to be the greatest night of his life referring to the statue of him ! smackdown wwe	0
 asia s only watch kris jenner on beyond candid with giuliana . tuesday at pm jkt pm hk sin pm mal one e !	0
tbh won t be surprised if we get briana pictures tomorrow just saying amas onedirection onedirectiononamas larrystylinson	0
we re excited to have mysa s support behind tomorrow night s game ! first people in the doors get a mini soccer ball !	1
tony blair in the sunday times on isis you have got to destroy the idea as well . a war on religion then ? how will that work .	0
samsung launches galaxy note phablet samsung on monday launched its next phablet the galaxy note . . . g lte	0
 cosatu vavi special cec was called to take forward declaration of cosatu s th congress on the marikana bloodbath . gw .	0
dustin johnson hasn t made a par in his last holes seven bogeys and three birdies stretching back to the th in the third round .	0
 bluemoon on deck ! friday morning with da bro and best friend the gin mill	0
lol i can t wait . . and i m going to see janet jackson next thursday	1
sooooo i may or may not be freaking out . i was watching their show at radio city and umm it just like . . .hit	0
boko haram just hit maroua in the far north region of cameroon . dead . may their souls rest in peace . we shall . . .	2
ice cube says straight outta compton critics should make their own nwa movie	0
can we finally stop talking about jeb bush now ? ben carson is polling at and may pass trump soon .	0
i wanna wait until jack and jack tweet out the link because when i look up calibraska it says it was released on july st	0
manchester united can return to the top of the english premier league on saturday should they defeat ar . . . arsenal	1
it s the edinburgh derby on sunday for swfitba as hearts welcome hibs to foresters park with a ko time . we . . .	1
happy independence day to all and jummah mubarak to all muslims in pakistan may you celebrate it with great zeal and zealot	1
giant ipad anyone ? don t forget to check out the apple event at pm est . apple charlotte	1
i just went to metlife ! i may go to a philly show too wbu ?	1
frightening video of muslims turning paris into a virtual war zone this what the leftards want	2
in case you need any ideas for national ice cream day on monday we re just gonna put this picture riiiiiiight here .	1
wow strong hour cast of dark souls . the zwei addiction is real ! i ll be back at it tomorrow evening probably after another das dream lol	1
ooooo i almost forgot star wars day is tomorrow	1
i still havent set up my voicemail on my phone so tomorrow when i do it its gonna be like hey its then its gonna cut to john cena	0
when i read about angela merkel s comments i thought .sure i wont mind if she becomes st president of europe	1
the borno police command on sunday confirmed the killing of seven persons after suspected boko haram terrorist . . .	2
robert fisk thursday september refugee crisis david cameron lowered the flag for the dead king of . . .	0
back nine sunday . . .red shirt . . .tiger woods . how good can it get ? ! ? . . .add in nowweretalkin	1
i only go once a week or so . . . that may be because i work at home and going to dunkin means leaving my house	0
iran . .has begun to pull back its forces and may be reducing its overall military involvement as the peace process 	0
someone is celebrating their th in style tonight we are off to a th birthday party in the bentley arriveinstyle	1
so yeah . . back to the ievent today . if apple doesn t do low cost iphone c replacement model aka c then we may see peak iphone within mo	1
brook lopez the nd best offensive center in the nba he not ass	1
to be fair i d refuse to agree with david cameron if he said the sun was an excrement stained rag .	0
facebook may have solved mobile but google is still struggling with it via	0
some of these youngsters just go to chelsea because ofthe money and know how unlikely it will be for them to get in the st team .	1
shawn you ll never be alone when you miss me close your eyes i may be far but never gone me 	0
maja is nicki to april s miley right now . april is inspecting a candle and maja has the eye on her . whatsgood	1
to all junior and senior girls u c volleyball try out is tomorrow at lunch in the south gym ! bring all you got !	0
spend your halloween oct st night with us ! ! ! movie night in morris hall phase ! ! ! !	0
and you think the sun shines of out tony blair s ass . . . .you are no better than a paid shill	2
world series tuesday . i like the giants but i m rollin with the royals in . cinderella team	1
zack ryder and beth phoenix will be signing autographs at westfield parramatta tomorrow ! hope that helps you out ! 	1
chalmers is gonna get fined soon u c that the nd flop so far ?	2
some one go to kenny chesney and jason aldean with me saturday	0
fact lady gaga was the highest voted female on with over votes ! nd overall behind d !	1
is anyone going to h m tomorrow for the fashion against aids collection ?	0
ideally all teams would say no and kane would be launched into the sun but here we are	0
caitlyn jenner on ellen i ve got my th grandchild ready in the oven . i automatically thought of the visit . lol	1
review phi mil b o phillies challenged play at st call on the field was overturned ryan braun grounds out shortstop freddy . . .	0
ou really has nothing play for anymore . screw the sun bowl or cotton bowl . if we aren u t in a bcs bowl game u c it u s a disappointing season .	2
day still got no power and takin like the rd cold as shower fml . fxckin freezing . reminds of peru lmao 	2
rt today very rare day when democrats will get healthier on their club for growth scorecards than most republicans .	1
arsenal s season is a mess . they re losing the battle for their favourite th place position	2
every saturday is st . patrick s day at welsh road with live irish music ! ballina today w guinness pints from 	0
super eagles dream team coaches to work together sunday oliseh and samson siasia met at the office of the ge . . .	0
if i tell you soldier will die tomorrow no one will react but if y all find out kim kardashian is having twins y all lose your minds .	2
peyton manning uganda jordan farmar i can take it papi	0
weird news pictures of the day september donald trump street art the cascamorras festival and . . .	0
christians and religious groups are not the brains trust of humanity isn t it obvious by now athiest reading	0
ruto s presidency lasted shorter than the st shot .	2
united chelsea liverpool and the th one i can t decide either man city or arsenal .	0
i know that had to be hard for al michaels to announce the passing of frank gifford . they covered a lot of games on monday nights . mnf nfl	1
louisiana gov . bobby jindal on wednesday mocked hillary clinton with a prison joke about the latest developments . . .	2
about to hit the bed and get some good rest tomorrow i shall continue my monster hunter 	1
after all no republican has ever won the presidency without ohio says ohio gov . john kasich who got the coveted th spot on stage	0
my review of straight out of compton if you like ice cube you may like his son better . plus bye felicia makes even more sense b 	1
i have one awesome boyfriend who sat and watched jersey shore with me just to make me happy 	1
come to the gin mill for july th ! food amp drink specials all week ! . . .	0
curtis ties it midway thru st half	0
we may as well be part of china the day kanye west gets to the white house .	2
if it s not a larry sized problem then why did he pour so much money and resources into google ?	2
calling all progressives help us reform the welfare state george osborne a heffalump trap if ever i saw one .	0
i saw the movie sunday curtis . max looks like a hybrid of jesse eisenberg jp from grandma s boy and marilyn manson	0
freaky knight iii going down this friday at fox theatre in salinas . dm me for tickets and info . dontsleeponthisone	0
did you know that angela merkel was trending topic on wednesday for hours in sweden ? trndnl	0
we beat red sox . let s win the series tomorrow afternoon . mlb . yankees .	1
on tomorrow s current take the pain out of pedaling with these yoga poses .	0
i attended tulo s final game in a rockies uniform tonight . and witnessed a kris bryant walk off homer . not a bad monday .	1
gonna be great seeing all the plastic chelsea fans coming out the woodwork around sth london when they play us tomorrow . neverbeentoagame	1
delighted for that young man paul dunne making the british isles so proud today . a bad round tomorrow amp you ll be irish again theopen 	1
y all want kanye west to die st to appreciate him ?	0
kanye west to do list become a legendary rapper icon run for president take over the world resurrect on the rd day	0
fascinatingly may fit leonardo overpaints milan old caterina paints lisa overpaints with young caterina 	0
i love texas a m u c but any team that drafts tannehill before the th round has lost their minds .	1
i can wear a black dahlia murder shirt one day u c and a sun dress the next xd	1
once again democrats spent all night and this morning trying to talk down the stock market . . .whatever happens there can be no blank check !	2
we ll see if it s any good bbc s new top gear with chris evans debuts may 	0
wishing prince george a very happy birthday ! mum amp dad may not be looking forward to the terrible s but we are !	1
heat between the rock hbk the rock s return and wm matches every friday i will open up the twitter mail b . . .	0
got being human series today . may just watch that tomorrow if this shitey weather continues 	2
 billsmafia i m just saying today the st team offense had no harvin watkins mccoy . . . t mobile with the crew is just damn scary	2
interesting perspective from bbc about how differing demographic projections may inform a country s refugee policy 	1
john cena got screwed ! st the ref got knocked out then john stewart comes out with a chair . disgrace ! titlefortitle cenation summerslam	2
the sun sucked the life out of me yesterday at soundset	2
july th is national ice cream day . it is a good day to cool down with a tasty treat .	1
red cross syria is now in civil war the international committee of the red cross said on sunday it now conside . . .	0
and the jews and christians say become jewish or christian so you may be guided . say no rather the faith of abraham ie islam .	0
shout out to for being the worst movie since sharknado has a chance to reclaim the title tomorrow . . .	2
derrick williams now is your chance to show why you were taken nd overall	0
zinedine zidane is saying he wants to be real madrid s pep guardiola that s the man that got their rd division team relegated .	0
i really don t see what you see in vettel . . . care to share . the guy may be time wdc but he s not that great	2
 year old dallas seavey wins iditarod dallas seavey won the iditarod trail sled dog race tuesday becoming the y . . .	1
goodbye cbs all access . . . i have you until the th more than enough time for big brother to complete . thanks for the live feeds .	1
yakub family may be released amp sent to pak in exchange of dawood lakvi hafiz saeed headly . pak sends four and we send yakub how about it ? ?	0
on the other hand jason aldean on saturday	0
happy friday ! two more weeks until halloween ! have you seen this fun seasonal image from histology	1
purples and football at baby a s with my aunt and cousin . ready to see my jets play on monday 	0
 danny care card . to stand a chance of winning u c tell us which football club he was at as a youngster sheffield wednesday	0
mpg may soon be on cw s breakingpoint ! watch every thurs to go inside ballet west amp let us know on fb if you spotted us !	1
they ve done this every year . it s so fans go crazy and vote more to make sure they are st mtvstars lady gaga	0
also great news for charity taxpayers over . may make donations directly from an ira amp will not be taxed on the amounts up to 	1
here is some . . . amp abc party is the th also . que party the th	0
carly fiorina enjoys hearing what you have to say and then bushes up for hrs on history to make herself look good	1
selena s greatest hits album is set to come out november th amp it s called for you it will include new songs amp old songs she s done .	0
mariners thrive in weeks following a sharknado movie release the movie release may spell bad news for the tor . . .	0
from the arrl the k ra solar update a coronal mass ejection cme hit the earth on september triggering a . . .	0
i wonder how long it will take for chris evans to slip in a plug for tfi friday or top gear . bbcmusicawards	0
short week at the tdr shop in nc . . .tomorrow we will head to eldora speedway for the nd annual running of the . . .	0
why am i seeing people with the fifa demo only on ps already when its out tomorrow ? its an xbox sponsored game i thought ? !	0
i missed the barcelona game yesterday .	2
i love you too riri ! can u t wait for friday ! 	1
victoria do you want to see janet jackson saturday ? ! thanks to our friends from revolution auto group we have . . .	1
saturday has been reserved for the eagles of death metal .	0
there is now a dunkin donuts at lax . i may never make a flight on time again . . .	0
josh bradley turns tommorrow ! ! july . hope all is well with you ! ! enjoying your music . have some halo halo !	1
hulk hogan th scale figure is up for pre order check it out wwe hulkhogan 	0
by that same logic isis boko haram or the meningreen could ve done it . right ?	2
kendrick s album may be important but it s not especially listenable . future sounds like a guy playing with a microphone at best buy .	2
not an arse hater but happy to see them come back from down last night v bolton to win . awesome showing with the terry henry too .	1
seeing ant man for the nd time amc north point mall for ant man in alpharetta ga 	1
lost boy disconnected never be independence day tomorrow never dies heartache if you don t know superhero wherever you are	2
 . i have an i am batman t shirt . i might wear it on friday which hr has declared as star wars day . because i m contrary .	0
 crossskyhigh is going ios saturday . for now try this indiedev	1
we ve got leonardo da vinci painter at the court of milan coming up in november how does that sound ?	0
lies ! i ve been failing the math taks since like th grade man . o	2
replace austin with sam smith and replace h with someone else	0
picture of eid nd day in solo .	0
on this day in august raw randy orton vs . dolph ziggler	0
just watched the whole nd season of ahs in less then hours . i m not even ashamed .	1
but hey i guess you could say at least we milan spent money . rd place will be one hell of a mission but milan did it to themselves	0
daily telegraph reports angela merkel has said the eu may be forced to bring back passport controls in the wake of the migration	0
what happens when you pitch a perfect game ? you get your own day . june th is now matt cain day in sf ! perfectcain congrats matt !	1
april is the best part of sharknado ! if april dies sharknado will jump the shark aprillives sharknado ohhellno aprillives	1
how s teengirl fantasy ? i may get in the car and drive to to stuff my face with duck buns . .	0
can not fucking wait for tomorrow night . house of blues will never be the same after and staymetal	2
if amazon prime day is better than black friday then i m going to sleep in ! should have been called amazon garage sale day !	2
 vhl american hockey league mon apr pm devils at americans i dont know if the game stats are . . .	0
 amy schumer quotes to get you through wednesday she s pretty badass 	1
niall s nd is coming way to early ! i m seriously so speechless just always know that i m here for ya !	1
the sun paolo di canio says beating aston villa tonight would be like having sex with madonna . legend	2
was playing temple run earlier u c was thinkin of you and i in th year xo	0
good morning we are coming to milan at am on jan th all the dates our on	1
manchester united will try to return to winning ways when they face arsenal in the premier league at old trafford on saturday .	0
i may never become first horse but i tore london a new one at the summer olympics and no one can ever take that away from me . teamusa	1
hope it was not a super psycho sweet th birthday party 	2
enjoy the vibes with moto g rd gen . motobffrevealed	1
i m not even ashamed to admit that i m going to watch american horror story for my hr long drive to kansas city tomorrow . .	1
so excited for these upcoming shows ! its time to get halloweird ! tomorrow night the fox theatre w . . .	1
jeez . . .she offends me cuz she s a hypocrite and gives real christians a bad name . . .and the st amendment is st for a reason !	2
friday s dinner special copper river salmon ! seasoned grilled salmon topped with lemon butter ! served with . . .	0
have you gotten your tickets to see terry mcmillan at the mgm grand on thursday ? if not go here to get your . . .	0
the vamps ticket selling on november and im gonna camp out for tickets rip me i really hope i get the ticket with m amp g	1
so november th is the date set for the release of zoe hd on psn . were you a fan of the original ?	0
white sox cut the mariners lead to in the th and that s it for kuma . final line . ip h r bb amp k .	0
inbetweeners and ben and jerry s tonight i think !	0
on this day yrs ago zeppelin played their st gig in north america as an opening act for vanilla fudge . tix cost . blewthemoffstage	1
i never had a good time u c i sat by my bedside . with papers and poetry about estella	2
careless world is the album of the year by	0
if you have missed one of the many many many many fyi posts about this the apple event is here gt 	0
i dreamed about katy perry dragging nicki s back for you on sunday and it was very fatal . i hope it s gonna happen	0
haha u c i hardly knew about them and one day i was at her house and she sat me down and made me watch the brit awards with her 	1
just in john kasich makes the cut for the main gopdebate stage thursday night .	0
perhaps you may be able to convert some christians in a church but we re not idiots .	2
the miss usa st runner up is a latina woman who volunteers on the border of mexico amp texas because fuck donald trump all over his dumb self	2
in the playoffs there are no favourites . speaking on gameon ahead of tomorrow s clash with the bulls !	0
ronda rousey ufc rousey vs . carmouche the ufc will make history on saturday february rd . undefeated superst	0
co editors enjoying the last days of summer with paper towns and nativewings !see you tomorrow freshmen orientation !	1
i m all for exploring but this look like the island from jurassic park lll i may have to skip	2
i had a naruto phase early sec sch late pri sch i think . there was this narunata fancomic online called oranges in the sun i think	0
 u really good day u as danica patrick finishes th at kansas nationwide race nascar news fox sports on msn . . .	1
today remembers triumph frank gifford see his best moments via may he rest in peace !	1
going to have to call it a day after this set but then so might murray . tie break . rd set . down .	0
fyi we re taking a hiatus through end of sept . but we ll see you again in october ! pic from labor day catering 	0
james why can t big brother just throw us a coup d etat ? meg seriously ! james . . .and on thursday we ll have the last laugh . bb 	0
my dad just asked me if i wanna go to disneyland tomorrow i m crying	1
so which doesn t bode well for her profession . . . . .she may not be going in and teaching ira lessons but i m	0
nu op radio zaanstad bee gees will you still love me tomorrow 	1
yankee game thursday . . . .jets colts sunday . . . . .can u t wait for the knicks heat game	1
fuck ! either i get bit or i turn off my fucking ps ! i ain t finna sit thru lee s death for the nd time ! ps share	2
rousey might be bad but she ain t got nothing on cyborg	2
making a sign for kate u s nyc marathon on sunday for charity . what do you think ? was never any good at art . . . .	0
i m getting it on ps bro gt . gt yeah i think eid is on the th . . .	0
if you love pinups and burlesque check out the burlesque assassins film premiere in baltimore on nov at creative alliance .	1
samson siasia stephen keshi and now sunday oliseh all cant be lying about mikel obi s attitude of disdain concerning super eagles	0
 monday night football was must see tv back with frank gifford dandy don amp howard cosell . they had the magic mixture .	1
it would be extremely funny if this was really a prank . i m going to tell everyone it s for dunkin donuts .	1
my st bias in t ara still eunjung jiyeon okay still eunji ! ! but plus danee now muahahahah so it being eunjini . . lol	1
zac brown band tomorrow night with boy . so effing excited . eeeeee !	1
 how true . think it s time for another deus ex playthrough before dx is released friday week .	1
so in marching band we u re supposed to have music memorized for saturday . . .i u ve had it down since band camp whoops overachiever dontmindme	1
paul dunne shot is tied for the lead into the final day tomorrow harrington shot a amp is off the lead . openchampionship	0
happy birthday prince george ! have lovely day . back to boarding school tomorrow .	1
arrival of ship mataf pride port abu dhabi time nov am utc time of arrival departure is the time the vessel appr . . .	0
ant man tops north american box office marvel action flick ant man stayed atop the us box office sunday . . .	1
my professor plays a jammie jam w every new lecture topic . today it was changes by david bowie . my st thought was this was in shrek . . .	1
 brewers on the board in the st against the reds thanks to a solo shot from ryan braun his th .	0
the band has just been announced as part of the line up for the rock am ring june th and rock im park june th festivals !	0
kaash she will commit suicide if yakub will be hanged tomorrow double bonus wow	2
tell me the fir no . first ? delhi police under bjp may be wrong in this case	2
super eagles coach sunday oliseh will trim down the number of home based players in camp before the arrival of . . .	0
it s almost pm and school is tomorrow so i should probs go to bed but i m just going to listen to kanye west all night	1
john kasich soliciting donations from the donald on the debate stage may be out trumping trump . gopdebate	0
sam smith to sing title song for spectre the new james bond film sony confirms . song out movie on nov . .	0
remember hillary denied a server existed ever day ! a liar for president like obama this country will not survive	2
published on sep rowen county clerk kim davis stands firm against the supreme court on gay marriage . . .	0
rt my article preview anderson silva vs . yushin okami . ufc rio . give it a read before the fights tonight . mma htt . . .	0
just watched four lions cool . awesome song to finish it with too . nowplaying aphex twin avril th	1
to lee soo man our deepest sympathy goes out to you amp your family as you struggle through the grief and sadness . may ur wife rest in peace	1
george osborne claims that jeremycorbyn is a threat to national security . . . because he opposes trident renewal	2
just thinking about my st birthday made me realize that it s weeks after st . patty s day . buzzkill	0
 not as far as digi knows would tell people if it was catching up with our high performance mgr tomorrow redv	0
ted was a disappointment considering how much i loved the st . the gollum part was hilarious though	2
any of my friends have ne magical powers to get me tix to see eric church this thursday ? will pay cash . . . need to make the wifey smile . . . .	1
usain bolt lookin like he running like that one kid in school who was a little too into naruto .	0
dustin johnson and sunday s just don t work together	0
for those who are so excited about paper towns tomorrow ha bitch i saw it	1
oh hahaha they post it once everyday .so u cdon u t worry they u ll post hoya u s pict tomorrow 	1
being physical is mourinho s st asset he values before skill . did u hear chelsea tried to sign martial ?buying players so othe	0
why on eid military officers looked like national leaders ? where were the politicians ?	0
i m sat alone watching made in chelsea la and i m happy with the man i ve become	1
twilight hour the soft glowing light from the sky when the sun is below the horizon caused by the refraction . . .	0
who wants to party with tay and i saturday night in troy ? ! for real though . . . . .	1
at the semis of us national cups . red stars keeping the suspense down in the th . c mon stars ! pic 	0
 . these persecuted christians uused to celibrate nov by burning the pope if effigy .	2
watching the gop from last night and i must say that carly fiorina may surprise a few gop	1
oh wordd u c ard well say no more u c me and andy gone be back up there on the th of november u c	0
something about october th makes me want to get wine wasted . . . oh right bc it u s aka cbb u s birthday ! ! ! bottlesonbottles	0
where is she ? ? ? today is thursday and she always spam my tl about naruto around this time .	0
psa there s a quiz in aphug tomorrow in mr . kane s class ! ! on the syllabus ? ? ? 	0
rt that s really sad charlie rt until tonight i never realised how fucked up i was charlie sheen sheenroast	2
on wednesday we welcome chef and restaurateur antonio carluccio to the store to sign copies of his new book .	1
my view on friday looks like we had the exact seats this weekend i guess great u fans think alike !	1
here s the thing if you put barca and madrid in the epl it would be exactly the same in la liga barca st	1
biden presidential bid depends on what s best for family washington sep efe . u .s . vice president joe biden said the most rele . . .	0
directions for tomorrow u s festival world music festival runs from pm pm on richmond riverside u c just north of richmond bridge .	0
breaking news rock is return on monday night raw with help and dean ambrose now compilation is equal	0
 worldheavyweightchampionship seth rollins losing would make a lousy monday into the best day ever	0
will fuller said it got annoying after brian kelly played the florida state fight song during practice on wednesday .	2
at the end of night only john kasich was on top with trump . these two may not yet be owned by kochbrothers . wonder ?	0
obama has over million followers .i think only a few read every tweet . that may be the case with all others .	0
i love you maria you have to text me tomorrow i have to tell you something u c you might pee your pants u c just a warning xoxox	1
citizens are confused on yakub undoubtedly he is a traitor and nd is he is traitor turned informer . . . . let raw win .	2
thank you st david for parking on a home game saturday . aff 	1
before you make plans for this friday night u c check out this event benefitting bolder options rochester . it u ll be . . .	0
join the suns top dog southpaw for national hot dog day tomorrow at from am noon . learn more i	1
the lighting is tragic but here are some pics of shawn with fans at the energy . event in san diego on saturday	0
i m hanging out with green day tonight . . . . gonna invite the non blondes to join us after a while . . . . . i love music	1
tomorrow i will finally see kendrick lamar live in concert ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i think im going to cry	1
rt my mom just told me she s getting an ipad on friday . . . .i better get a mac for christmas .	1
momma cried during the sfgiants pre game ceremony when they declared june th matt cain day . i havent met anyone more emotional than her	2
can you believe tomorrow is opening night ? who s going to see eric church ? ? ascend	1
silent house was ass u c when a stranger calls was ass u c the woman in black was ass and friday the th is also ass	2
serious question does niall ever see the sun ?	0
i hope tomorrow is a better effing day ! drift nirvana better be lit	1
chuck norris saves lives by not going to rd world countries .	0
 rd day of eid is now going to end . . . . how was your eid friends ? ? did you miss mubii . . .	0
my st pd tchr a newbie u c let me see if i can skip the iss room go straight to class	0
adm turner u c okinawa i may be crazy but it looks like the japanese have quit the war . nimitz delete all after crazy . wwii	0
and if there had been no talking w gerry adams amp others from the ira there would be no good friday agreement .	0
go to this poetry slam w me saturday . bentley s iced coffee is the best in tucson	1
can not wait for jason aldean tomorrow night with my wonderful girlfriend ! ! ! even better she s wearing the outfit i picked out for her ! ! !	1
see u sunday at calle orange afterparty with	0
just realized that i attributed what s my age again to green day on monday when it s obvi blink . this is what sobriety does to a woman .	0
got tomorrow off not going to digi tonight would be rude	1
partition was st proof of hindu injustice in refusal to coexist fairly with muslims . modis election is the latest in that series indiaat 	0
us wednesday morning . i ll pick you up and we can cry along to sam smith songs	0
is adele really gonna drop her album in november ? or is she can act like frank ocean ? lol	0
dallas did dalllas thursday night at premiere of the new tv series at winspear opera house	0
state unveiled their snow bowl uni u s weeks ago . tonight u c some greenville viewers heard words mullen spoke about them from september th	0
actually the only things that survive would be cockroaches u c twinkees and keith richards . happy friday !	1
also the forsaken comedy is free until friday ! pick up from hell with love and the sequels from amazon	1
already working on the next riot fest interview coming this wednesday . here s a hint it s also a real good one .	1
i can t stop watching star wars videos on youtube . i just need december to come now !	1
remembrance sunday took part in the remembrance service at the parish church of all saints in north hykeham .	0
friday is the religious day of the week for muslims ! check here for proof 	0
just in paul mccartney is set to perform at the bjc on october th . . . .	0
i have t mobile it s alright . however my only complaint is what does the t even stand for ? thug ? thursday ? terra ? pls send halp	0
if you re in pacific time and have an xbox it s possible . but it won t be available for pc or ps until mid day tomorrow .	0
but we mustn t forget that on the th day god gave us a nicki miley take down of epic proportions . rejoice my child .	1
think we may be looking at trump s vp if he gets the nomination .	0
is wrong dr apj the ex president passed on july yakub the terrorist was hanged till death on jul 	2
only saviour is it was against all odds now it s katy perry . . . monday morning getting worse	2
what is amazing i shd add is that i went through the university a tory !even belonged to tory group at uni ! st vote tory since labour !	1
yeah . i ll just read ssomethhin else . ps the book depository will notify me when they have quicksilver wants nov . st t t	0
the raiders play the cardinals today let s see how they start off pre season . last yr they were weak af	0
pretty little liars is not back until the th of january ! ! ! i u m devastated	2
hold up my bloody valentine takes place on a friday the th ? come on .	1
aaron rodgers jersey battery room under the windmill . wagnoli august blog designer wedding dresses sale 	0
what the world needs is for angela merkel to kick him in the nuts the st time trump calls anyone around the g table a loser .	2
sources say arab league sec gen azzam pasha has asked arab governments to resume war with israel in support of egypt dec 	0
come out to the rising stars game being held here at pm this saturday ! see prospects from all teams ! afl 	0
breaking news martinez leaves everton after europa league exit and sitting th in table . immediately agrees deal with hull .	0
liverpool fc gomel in what has been a cracking first half for liverpool . borini opening his liverpool account and stevie scoring the nd	0
 years ago this sunday jerry garcia the musical and spiritual leader of the grateful dead passed away at 	0
sharknado is the best movie ever but april has got to go . aprildies	1
if you watch any given sunday backwards u c it u s like tim tebow u s career .	2
best way to start monday night rollins is with seth rollins himself thebest	1
 cameronthetinman is showing he is unfit to govern along with most of the tory government refugeecrisis	0
who wants to go on a date with me to the ed sheeran concert on thursday ? . . . . . . .no one ? alright lol	0
jennifer lawrence at the lax airport on tuesday evening october in los angeles .	0
thought paul dunne might have done that on the nd tee	0
i should go watch ant man tomorrow because i really want to watch it and have yet to see it .	1
arm hurts like crazy open house tomorrow and church tonight ! ! ! ! i love them so much 	1
will make floyd mayweather her bitch . i ll give her seconds st round 	0
have uni tomorrow morning but need to say bae messi tonight . its my drug .	1
i have jason aldean tickets to sell for friday night . for the pair . any takers ? ?	0
join us in prayer for syrian refugees in hungary budapest may our .father bless mrs angela merkel .thank you mrs merkel	1
still waiting for the day i wake up to zayn still being in the band and realising everything after march th was just a dream	0
the anglos both had much hope in the rus . they are helpless now as part of the iran deal assad must stay . . syria	0
my family sat there an talked about how gay rights is bad . . guess ima bring a girl home	2
i can already tell calibraska is going to be worth the th month wait for music jack and jack have come so far i m so excited calibraskaep	1
san antonio your october th show for the collide with the sky tour has been moved to backstage live !	0
all you need to do is catch u to brunel university looool in shaa allah man i m free atm . i start in october	1
you may want to plant bachelor s buttons .	0
listening to nirvana at am on a monday morning while eating noodles . i don t know about you but i m doing life right	1
your review reminded me i still need read the very st percy jackson book ! heroes of olympus is an offshoot series from it ?	0
would it be appropriate to have cake for prince george s nd birthday ? realquestiontho	0
 side note we went during the week of independence day july th for y all who don t know the actual holiday name smh 	0
tonight u c i roast a chicken . tomorrow u c i make chicken soup . love my job but wish i could cook for social justice .	1
just got my the great unknown download free on amazon prime ! sounds great ! ! ! it just may be my new favorite cd !	1
join me for wonder on the creative quest at ashram yoga retreat this november .	0
yakub s wife leaves for nagpur . attempt to meet one last time . yakub s body will be flown to mumbai tomorrow where he ll be buried nagpur	0
for i ve always hated slavery since the day that i was born . . . .and we re off to join the ira and we re off tomorrow morn . . . .	2
going to milan next tuesday i really love it there	1
so sad to hear about about frank gifford . . .may he rest in peace . . .	2
 off topic there is only episodes on the first disk of dexter . please hurry with the nd fitblog	0
valentine s day could be a lovely one for the blues a win against hull may put them within games of the title . . .	1
 u these birds dont buy the sun u banner at the carling cup final for mikey dye and the dontbuythesun	0
 youtube after battling dean ambrose the undertaker feels the brutal wrath of the shield smackdown april 	0
red wolves home game today at pm ! excited to see the best fans in the sun belt again ! howlyes gostate !	1
i really want to see shawn on tuesday but my mom works late on tuesday and i have no way of getting there and im sad	2
dark souls april launch date confirmed with new trailer embrace the darkness .	0
this is a part of the road map ! saudi arabia to crash iran may allah safeguard us	0
tough loss tonight to the orioles to break the winning streak . david price is taking the mound tomorrow afternoon . game time !	0
well then you need to take kendrick lamar off cause his last album wasn t good you probably just going off of black friday . . . .	2
 mets b david wright should be back on monday as primary third baseman but he won t play everyday just yet .	0
 prince announced that he is releasing an album with jay z that is coming out on september th . it will be featured on tidal .	0
thanks for the kind words dude u csee you in december and on soundwave .	1
today or tomorrow night work have to been done by midnight . no shame or sharing with twilight your future will be bright .	0
i need to spend the night at someone u s house tomorrow then just go to the meet with them !	0
may be get to do us all a favour and sink the thing with a gunboat leave angela merkel 	2
tressa and libby are here but we split up today and we will meet up tomorrow night .i like it here u c its alot like minnesota .	1
 that may not happen now with all the sackings over in cupertino .	2
rt andy rooney will make his last minutes appearance sunday . here are his grumpiest moments 	0
ghost rider spirit of vengeance was a lost cause . you had nowhere to go but up after the st movie . and then you decided to dig a hole . . .	2
my history teacher skipped school friday to see the foo fighters	0
february stars u c years old and still one of the best songs dave grohl has ever written . fact	1
please . rousey will make cyborg her bitch . too bad cyborg loves the juice .	0
i u m guessing the night of the th is gonna work the best . invited you and nick on fb .	1
my memory doesnt have more space . so i cant download it but i ll try to download it tomorrow from ipad	0
express front line with kamran shahid international day of women march pakistan mqm womenpk	0
statement made by rahul gandhi proved his ill intent and criminality . his statement proved thy want themself st than this great nation .	2
crm suzanne stopping off with briana spreading the news of our recruitment day december	0
my mam just bought liam a car but all he s bothered about is going to digi tomorrow night	1
janet jackson is back and she brought some extra saggy pampers pants with her 	1
last xplorer of the year takes place tomorrow at three sisters park ashton . find us next to the play area am pm .	0
no one else may be able to sanction it but rousey vs . mayweather in some capacity can work in wwe	0
how the new apple tv may change the way we watch television believe it or not but the star of apple s big me . . .	1
quran even says the planets move in space in an orbit unlike christians claiming sun orbited earth . can supply verse of wanted lol	0
did you not even see one for gcse ! ? next one is on thursday . you should !	1
anyone be interested in a dark souls scholar of the st son blind stream ?	0
ten sports brock lesnar is win the fight .because he diserved it . believe that raw sunday dhamal	1
well done chris evans i did not think it was possible to make tfi friday any more shit than it used to be but you have proved me wrong	2
 dodgers will not make the postseason . their bullpen is a bigger liability than hulk hogan in a million man march event .	0
on dec will know the nominations from critics choice awards pray for tihty mtvstars lady gaga	0
the only one i can think of is that super bowl the other may be reggie wayne and marvin harrison only ex . that come to mind	0
before the first year nobody gave it a chance . now years later everybody knows monday night football . frank gifford	0
heather mills has nothing nice to say about ex paul mccartney marilyn malaralondon july . . . teamfollowback	0
saturday night thoughts i was checking out the box scores from the american hockey league this box score c . . .	0
do i know anyone in la with a red sony c or sony fs that i could rent or borrow tomorrow night for a few hours ?	0
i think paper towns is out tomorrow and i really wanna see it 	1
on thursday concealed carry gun license holders will be given a new right in the state of oklahoma the ability . . .	0
shhhhhh secret party ! tonight ! meet at the brooklyn bridge	0
goin to the ed sheeran concert thursday and i haven t really listened to him lol whatislife	0
seeing demi lovato for the first time in years tomorrow and feeling like i m again	0
are you really saying that fps russia plays with airsoft guns . . .c u mon he doesn u t need that he u s got the real shit	1
seen equalizer on monday she said she wanna see it again lol . real talk that shit was awesome	1
how are things in vegas ? when do you start monday ? do you know where you re shooting ? fox universal warners paramount ? lol	0
someone is blasting roar by katy perry and it s am after a thursday night this is not ok	2
we were talking about naruto me and my mom she became a huge fan within past year and i find it funny she called st hokage handsome x 	1
elizabeth pena dead at . jan hooks at . wtf ! ! ! i m getting old . stop it . ahhh ahhh ahhh 	2
it s the atlanta falcons against the new york jets at p .m . on friday in metlife stadi . . . riseup	0
want to play in the homecoming weekend beer pong tourney at jackie o u s on sunday ? reply or dm us ! per team !	0
what happened to the track here i am ? it had a bob marley sample from sun is shining . track sounded nice . can you release it ?	1
labor day sale tomorrow ! ! ! off everything in the store ! ! ! ! ! ! am pm yoga classes am pm . . .	1
so i m mostly likely going to see justin on thursday and i feel like i m gonna throw up cause i m so nervous . i m not meeting him tho 	0
actually todd here is starving for a theocracy nothing new under the sun . fox fans those flames . easy to sell fear	2
thank you ian for making sharknado our family s new guilty pleasure ! ! ! can t wait for the th ! aprillives	1
ill be at the dec nd game vs the lakers . my gf is a lakers fan so basically we won u t be talking much that day . warriors ! ! ! !	2
lol james franklin is going to fly in a helicopter to my high school tomorrow	0
today s schedule september am vinyasa yoga with emily pm power yoga with chic see you for practice !	0
i wish it was sarah g . day u cause that u s my funday my i don u t have to runday it u s just another manic monday	1
it s the first football friday of the year . that means two things no more previews and the march to metlife is on !	1
another day off ? woo bankholiday ! we re in from am pm tomorrow slightly shortened hours but still with a smile on our faces nicki	1
apple ceo apologizes for error ridden new map app apple ceo tim cook apologized friday for the company u s error ridden new mobile map . . .	2
i like that idea hehehe . interlaken is fun but we may see the tweaker again . . . .we ll bring protection .	1
sting vs . seth rollins on september th for the world title ! amazing !	1
stuffing my face with fried chicken and chinese take out while listening to kpop is my saturday night aesthetic	1
oh are they having an awards ceremony for how well you did the dishes last night ? bryan to lowis family guy . hahaha !	1
i get to see david wright play at citi field live on friday night . i might not survive to actually get to the park .	0
looking back at kanye west s infamous george bush doesn t care about black people moment on its th . . .	2
bloody sunday was the ira s biggest recruitment driver during the troubles . bombing syria is bound to have the same effect i d have thought	2
i hope frank ocean knows that the final day for grammy submissions is september th	1
 gt falling for the onion picking john cena for january is good when he wins he notices that doesn t compare to the freaks .	0
overworked chris evans quits tfi friday on account of prime gear commitments amid claims the . . .	0
if i may ask what are the boko haram fighting for ? even they don t know .	0
ok u c who u s going to dethklok u c black dahlia murder and all that remains in oakland nov ?	0
you must also do some learning in islam and you may get content to your reason and logic .	1
well amazon prime day kind of sucked didn t it ? i was hoping for much more . bigger than black friday huh ?	2
barclays profit driven by investment banking london barclays plc bcs wednesday continued to reap the rewards . . .	1
all of these commercials about zayn in the vmas . . . we may never know until sunday	0
why are people still talking about eid that was so last friday	2
lady gaga going to the jewelry store in new york city . december 	0
just packing for a weekend in liverpool and the small matter of a marathon on sunday . first up though . . .blackpool illuminations !	0
so the guy who just sat down beside me looks like hulk hogan from the waist up but has toothpick legs . . thanks for the let down spongebob .	1
clg may have lost to dignitas but i do know this eagles of death metal are off the chain 	2
sooooo . . . .chef kerry has an extra ticket to the owls head transportation museum gala on september . kerry and . . .	0
cool beans try and let me know by the end of the day ! pm fri nd at moomba 	1
keep hearing about cole being support to kendrick here in march thoughts ?	0
happy th birthday christopher rithin he played one of dudley s gang members in harry potter and the order of the phoenix .	1
gucci variety her self reliance april cultivate the bipartite yours typical inward conglomeration so that crac . . .	0
so excited ! halloween u c ian anderson w my mom at the fox theatre on saturday u c and then election day u c in which i will be a nervous wreck u c lol !	1
first song i luvd by the boys moments nd up all night uan album comes out i wish save you tonight stole my heart now cant choose !	1
murray get his st break of the match to stay in this nd set . can the no . seed continue to turn things around ? usopen espntennis	0
it was a article saying that zayn is regretting leaving direction pretty much bashing zayn like the sun always does	2
david beckham keeps it stylish in jean shirt and white trousers after attending guy ritchie s wed . . . theirfanism	1
although it s hard to tell since i only have radio commentary . may just be that anderson is choking badly not murray playing better .	0
day off tomorrow family day out to blackpool illuminations ! !	1
so if the premiership is called off on saturday who is for inbetweeners ?	0
 ckt update pakistan hopeful of bangladesh visit pakistan u s cricket board said sunday it hopes to . . . from shariq	1
fastrackids back to school reading club you may have started getting your child back into the routine of an . . .	0
tory govt may be offering money upfront to get health devolution up and running because it serves their long term purpose	0
barbarians ireland xv highlights the barbarians defeated ireland with a last gasp penalty on tuesday . . .	0
 filmquotefriday you were the worst fucking deal i ever made ! johnny blaze u c ghost rider spirit of vengeance . on d blu ray and dvd monday !	2
looks like you guys had fun in sunny scotland . . .looks as if there ll be some hungover tones today . . . hadto x	1
rappers make millions while saying the n word hulk hogan says it and as a result may lose millions .	2
psa these photos from the charlie hebdo attacks back in january . this is not what paris looks like right now .	2
if christians spent half as muc no th as much time on abuse as they do on gay people we d make progress !	2
it s funny how i m like the only th grader iconiac . . . .	1
they need to make a new friday with ice cube son amp dcyoungfly	1
we are delighted to have bene asked to play with the slackers in whelans on august th . . .a great way to round off the rebellion weekend ! ! ! ! !	1
me . i am a caitlin face tonight but a thor face tomorrow .	0
kendrick lamar a tale of cities black friday this is so good i feel like smashing my head into the wall .	1
hope david cameron enjoys his breakfast tomorrow and isn t put off thinking about all the people he starves	2
you know you re a fag when you listen to music from naruto on monday nights	2
ming na wen is in push with chris evans . i can t help but just see steve and may lol .	0
well you can t do this all by yourself . . . hannibal is inviting to dinner and will may finally accepting him	1
thank you to and for signing my jets football today i really appreciate it you guys are class acts !	1
yo it s july th and there s still no frank ocean album i give up	2
and the fact you only have . take it he s the missing th player behind kane ?	0
if you thought designing brightest windmill is jokehave your last laugh at sangam university bhilwara nov 	2
irish amateur paul dunne is one of three players leading the open before the final round on monday at st andrews .	0
rt if you see a girl shouting with all their might that s me see you in mexico city ! ! st october 	1
what a great question to ask myself if today were the last day of my life would i want to do what i am about to do today ? steve jobs	0
katie let s watch friday night lights . mom let s watch the new nicholas sparks movie . me well i wanna watch naruto . . . gtfo ethan . 	0
so i ll start watching the st season of game of thrones tonight . weee 	1
kendrick s remix of j . cole s fhd hit goes for the nd straight week top tracks 	1
chris evans reveals the new top gear will return to our screens on may 	0
got one floor ticket for kenny chesney and jason aldean tomorrow night for who s coming with me ?	0
tryna get wavy after work tomorrow it u s been a while	0
okay i ll admit pc may be better but ps is just my preference and always will be . i just like console lol .	1
inkigayo with yay this is our saturday night kpop stream	0
ryan braun making the ever so smart stretch to a triple when down runs in the th 	1
just sat in the living room with my boyfriends girlfriend and laurin watching twerk videos haha	0
rahul gandhi will have to wait until th feb to become pm of india in future amp only he can do it .	1
this is my rd or th time sending this out to the twitterverse . first jays player to respond ? david price . pretty cool .	1
low shot from yds by weissenhofer but it rolls harmless to the right of the post . st minute . still red stars .	0
well they meant in the west . or rather they re just not making st party games for it . because ps makes 	0
yes i backup with google and dropbox .	0
a highlight for my friday nights is watching real time with bill maher listening to him amp his guests bitch about the government	1
when i was little my brother liam asked me is it tomorrow yet ? and i replied no u c it u s always today . yearsold bookofquotes smartbaby	0
i know ! so sad . why are the good ones dying ? i mean why can t we trade victoria jackson for jan hooks ? ? ?	2
if i score this saturday i m gunna celebrate by dancing the same dance james rodriguez danced in the world cup . ayeeee haha	1
world music festival rocks city saturday the next day u c she hit alameda to poster the in the days leading up to . . .	0
the norse believed that during a thunderstorm thor rode through the heavens on his chariot thus the verse thursday s child has far to go 	0
i m sure his daughter likes beyonce amp would want me to tell her alllll about the concert .	1
morning ! watch the lab leadership contenders give their views on george osborne s budget for st time bbc bbcnews with voters	0
it s friday beyonce s birthday n rodeo album out . . what a holi fucking day .	1
china u s sse composite index shows the way u c up . on fri . the stock market is a leading indicator .	0
the san diego chargers expect wide receivers eddie royal and malcom floyd to play in monday night s game against the denver broncos	0
argh ! gonna miss friday amp another david price start . . hopefully make it back to in time to see a few innings	1
watching saturday kitchen and for some reason it u s annoying me that rachel khoo looks slightly off camera when cooking	2
yea ! ! and i know the most people going to those places ! ! i think only hk and taiwan are going on thursday .	0
i think that was faster win then the rousey fight on saturday night !	1
narendra modi s tweets on black money from march . what is he if not a blatantliar ? bjpblackmoneydhokha	2
christianity may disapprove of lefty morality but islam will kill over it . doesn t make sense .	2
does anyone have tickets to the foo fighters concert tomorrow that they re willing to sell	0
shammi kapoor funeral on monday as tirbutes pour in channel newsasia known as the elvis presley . . . elvispresley	2
on rd day of eid holidays i am praying that next eid will be full of happiness for the nation whose prayers would have been heard by then	1
really should get some sleep since i have the cashee makeup testing tomorrow . but i m not the usual .	2
congrats to debutant carl ikeme who saved the super eagles blushes with a brilliant display vs tanzania on saturday . madeofblack	1
bruh . gotta go lol . and chris brown is coming this thursday after my first day at work . lit like bic .	1
can you believe it ? ! kris bryant and the cubs walk off in the th ! ! in a row ! ! lester pitched great and we . . .	1
biologi mulai mengalami kematangan tgl nov saat charles darwin mnerbtkn buku on the origin of species by means natural selection 	0
batman may be running better but they have force disabled sli on the game . is a joke ! ! !	2
whatever . some dude forcing his opinions on people ain t worth my time . but aye yall who s ready for the new naruto episode tomorrow !	0
this one is from the charlie hebdo but may give you some ideas	0
haven t listened all morning wed is an ipod day besides don t want to hear about astros choke job	2
i dont remember the name but it s a big award and snsd was performed gee or gennie u may search google for that incident	1
david price joins such names as dewayne buice pasqual coco and ty taubenheim with his st jays win . can he catch steve trachsel saturday ?	0
what a round by paul dunne good luck tomorrow and i hope you win the open .	1
distin u s derby disappointment sylvain distin has voiced his frustration at taking just a point from sunday u s mersey . . .	2
i know your eyes in the morning sun i feel you touch me in the pouring rain bee gees	1
college apps or star wars for the nd time today ? you already know	1
the th one is me aka israel	0
booo . you going to any games this weekend ? david price on saturday in the bx	1
scott walker says he has no plans to repeal the th amendment 	0
when i wake up tomorrow i ll be in a different country . whoa ! i didn t run into a david beckham at the airport . that s a bummer .	1
directioners ! ! now we have to prove that we are a big family ! ! on friday released video for the song little things	1
next saturday do you want to go see paper towns and go for noms to celebrate ? d	1
shawty was so fly in th grade she was wearing gucci hijab	0
wishing the best for the new service chiefs . may they find wisdom and knowledge to fight boko haram godblessnigeria	1
i m officially for with my friends getting kicked out of rum runners on their st	2
shoutout to all the boyfriends that treat they girl like everyday is valentine day instead just on feb . . if so i salute chaa . .	0
the most unheralded competitive international of all time ? mt england san marino in the thursday night europa league slot	1
i think ima take milan to the fair tomorrow	0
dustin johnson hits his approach to the th green at the deustchebankchampionship	0
quiz tomorrow plot elements in the challenge . . . our current short story from the reading triumphs textbook . knighteng 	0
i have to pay attention what to ask the universe tomorrow starting a course on astrology and its antroposophical interpretations . o	0
i never thought kanye west announcing a crack at the presidency would be the nd most bizarre story of the day	2
football world cup qualifier iran vs india watch it live on sony six september pm bleedblue letsfootball support indian team	0
if everything was that easily transferable then arsenal would have transferred two goals from the galatasaray game to sunday thehaguedate	0
rvp is getting the hulk hogan treatment by man utd . no mention of him at all . pathetic considering he won us our th title .	2
john kasich looks like sure bet to make cleveland prime time debate th in new poll	0
honda classic tomorrow u c calling it now u c tiger and rory coming down to the wire	0
janet jackson pens letter to aaliyah on th anniversary of her death the note reads what i shared with you . . .	0
 pistons struggle in st . trail minny at end of in winnipeg . det fg with turnovers . derrick williams pts for minn .	0
hm asks delhi police to ensure swachh bharat drive on october modi had paid a surprise visit to the ma	0
apparently tomorrow is nation kissing day . ladies u c you u re more than welcome to stop by .	1
kasich seeking gop presidential nomination john kasich announced his run for the white house in tuesday . . . .	0
so disappointed in wwe summerslam ! i want to see john cena wins his th title	2
we may be seeing it more with him and welbeck together .	0
can t wait to see monday night raw tonight . the rock did my man john cena dirty last night . . . still john cena s fan 	1
boogie song of the day . . .oh ricky martin que mas da happy sunday everyone recovering from halloween party hangovers	0
goal for tomorrow take a selfie with zlatan .	1
miranda hart at the nia tomorrow night in birmingham a personal suggestion from my good friend lenny henry !	1
later start this morning off to get the stitch removed from my arm then up into cumbria we go and scotland tomorrow ! lejog go go go !	1
cate blanchett hammering out the details of thor role gaea mother of thor	0
 st time gd oppa praised vips in public st time other countries vip jealous with m sia vip . .and many many more . . .	1
they have sessions at the bridge tomorrow before the game next at cobham is thursday	0
some guy served his food on a frickin big pebble on saturday kitchen . just put it on the floor why don u t you ?	0
 st driver change in the hbcn sjaco out milan in . p in class . the htm saker is doing fine as well !	0
tim tebow may have you beat i think i might be the most famous dude that still jacks off . 	1
no nigerian male artist can feature sam smith because they are afraid he may ask them for sex before the recording	2
yep im having a party the eagles club theres a dj on fridays so ill have my party oct th im so amped ! !	0
david wright homers in st at bat says he s ready for pennant race via app	0
express front line with kamran shahid international day of women march pakistan mqm womenpk	0
 nov ira man michael crosse was killed by a premature bomb blast at the cellar lounge in lurgan injured	2
 extra tickets who wants to come with me to the lsu game saturday text me .	0
winding down a long day by watching manu psg in soldier field muted amp listening to the grateful dead s july th setlist . too appropriate .	1
i can t believe murray has to play on the junior varsity court in the th round of the u .s . open	0
is tfi friday cancelled because of chris evans top gear ? no it s crap	0
i m happy to see the nats sat zimmerman over harper . . .harvey owns harper mets	0
a historic milestone . . . women in saudi arabia vote for the first time in municipal election ! dlc law 	1
i may have to violate the democrat s iran deal . . .because i will never let iran get a nuke . trumpisright	2
yakub the lone death row convict in the mumbai blasts case was hanged in nagpur central prison on thursday .	0
just want to listen to iron maiden s new album all day tomorrow but i have work and a project to do so	0
it s waxx new music tuesday ! this morning we re featuring the brand new song from zac brown band called . . .	1
today is national hot dog day . i feel that since it is also two slice thursday should ve had a chili cheese hot dog pizza .	1
i sent that message on saturday you saw it and now you reply ? great one curtis you asshole	2
sending troops to iraq may be a dangerous game for turkey ankara s dispute with the federal government in ira . . .	0
iran ranked in top five best futsal teams in the world after spain brazil russia and italy ! football	1
egypt rejects m natural gas deal with israel arutz sheva middle east fri dec gmtegy . . .	2
shows next week close to home warren ohio june nd i m gonna rock the bang mode concert rockapalooza jackson michigan june rd	1
take the st step to purchase your dream lexus . contact our f amp i department to find out how you can apply for finance	1
july th is a historic night thanks to the wwe raw and thedeadman for bringing in brock lesnar to start a riot wwe	1
roger jones recommends sun is shining smoke out dubstep mix by bob marley . listen to it for free on deezer !	1
listening to old school madonna before heading out for a friday night in brisbane with a mad italian cherish madonna	1
i used to bump nicki aalllll the time in middle school . pink friday was my fav	1
i bought twilight again bc i lost my old copy and i m uncool and lame and enjoy it just as much as when i read it in th grade	1
kendrick murdered it no disrespect j cole wounded it	0
last st round group of the book battle is over broken empire malazan harry potter discworld hdm amp ketty jay advance	0
i believe in islam like i believe in the sun rising . not because i can see it but because by it i see everything .	1
wow vick this is why i stopped with montreal canadiens . .foreign languages . .say one thing . .may mean	2
paul mccartney played four beatles songs for the first time ever on the th of may . if you could hear paul play any song which would it be ?	1
have you tried one of our fab new yoga classes we have a brand new yoga class on a monday evening with david . . .	1
murray is so flat atm if anderson can get inspired at the start of the nd he can take control of this match .	0
did you know our lunch amp learns are now open to the public ? join us on august with from	1
gunna be a hour journey to ncs trip next monday loool idc im gunna bring nuff chicken to eat on the coach !	0
they don u t look good at all . stop fletcher and you stop sunderland . only players in our side mon managed are gabby guzan .	2
louis couldn t have gotten briana pregnant in february unless it was before february th he wasn t even in la	0
raleigh and fayette counties have been added to the winter storm watch from late sunday to late tuesday . higher . . .	0
erdogan may see possibilities in the chaos as turkey heads toward fresh elections 	0
a thing on rolling stone today . as for your nd question some really want you know they re not the ignorant stereotype .	0
what s the requirement to work at dunkin ? complete up to th grade ? reasons i hate going there . no people skills .	2
get ready lovatics the voting starts on october rd	0
i remember martial being totally impotent against arsenal in the nd ucl game . yet he s the man to take us to nirvana .	0
bro she may just be more marketable . remember that david beckham was the highest earner in football for a very long time .	1
due up for nats in the bottom of the th werth . rendon . harper . 	0
i ll be at the wordpress meetup in milan next tuesday spots still available !	0
anderson cooper and kristin chenoweth on his coming out anderson live premiered monday u c with kristi . . . gay u c lgbt	0
you may want to contact sony at or we can post a question on ms community for you . let us know ! ny	0
the mta should cost less at night . i think i waited more than minutes . and it s pretty freaking hot underground . thanks . nycproblems .	2
wayne is on his th single w carter iv already still no album drop . . sounds to me like he s searching for hits but hasn t found one yet	2
don t get comfortable just because labor day is over ! can you dig it ! ! ! ? ? ? i can tell you what i m doing sunday ! . . .	1
thanks lyndsey . . .hairstrks sometimes red sometimes pink ! we re going to see the ladykillers in nott ham tomorrow ! !	1
we went to twilight races last friday and it was great ef markets food stall people would be a gr addition . nextime	1
um i just learned that sunday is national chocolate day . i u m totally taking advantage of that .	1
a no no kanye announces he s running for president and nicki gets crazy with miley all in the the same night . . it s sunday wtf	2
we haven u t talked about it yet . however u c we are very excited about the jan revolution heifer calf that is inside of her .	1
gov . scott walker may lead the republican primary field in his home state of wisconsin but local voters are not very enthusiastic about	0
you could win tickets to see janet jackson at bankerslife fieldhouse nov . txt missjanet to for you . . .	1
khedira real madrid s new signing carlo ancelotti was all smiles this thursday . after a long lay off the . . .	0
on monday boko haram extremists raided a village in borno state near the border with niger killing people . . .	2
what should tomorrow night u s kandikoatednight topic be ? ? ? ? how i u m going to get on kandi factory !	0
i m a dumb the missus booked a sofa at the electric tomorrow for ant man . fancy it tomorrow ?	1
according to frank ocean it must be july th	1
i wasnt on today bc its my last day of summer amp i was with friends but i have school tomorrow which sucks but shawn is so cute the vines omg	0
let me confess . . . . .i had nihari on nd day of eid . . . .and guess what the meat was extra tender and delicious . . .donkey ? ? ?	0
migration the real european crisis angela merkel	2
droid bonic ics device ? you may want to research if you are having issues	0
what if the world could vote on nov ? france leads the obama camp u c including britain u c peru u c turkey u c india among others	0
red sox may be the best worst team ever	2
labor day had me thinking it was monday all today smh . . . .	2
modi s speech in the us may be a good medicine for cms too even if they are from rival parties capt . gopinath	1
bestie we gotta go see flight with denzel washington u c comes out friday . seems so good	1
can t wait to go to your concert in ventura nov st . i ll finally get to meet you !	1
donny how come you don t roll on saturday walter ? walter sobchak i m shomer shabbos .	0
like u c sweet you . happy valentines day . when it u s july . i u ll meet you at the shop every tuesday . . . . . . . .	1
who s going to kenny chesney at metlife on saturday ?	1
eric decker catches his second td pass from manning . this puts broncos up with left in the th .	1
if you think chuck norris can t rape you anytime anywhere then you are in for a rude awakening tomorrow .	2
daniel radcliffe was sooo attractive in the rd and th films omg im in love	1
blake griffin poster dunk over kendrick perkins ft . in hd jan . that u s why you roll after a pick .	0
if you re having a good day just remember that teen wolf isn t on tomorrow .	2
i really like forsberg u c maybe above everyone else . hopefully the pick isn u t traded for sam gagner and a th rounder .	1
sony s project morpheus review a virtual reality headset that may change the future of gaming . . . oculusrift vr	1
got amazon last thursday got ios last night but the update isn t showing in google play store yet . . .	0
us expands ebola screenings at airports an official of the white house said on friday in washi . . . bennycapricon	0
thanks to those who came down today ! ! thanks for the love tonight ! ! bkk bound now ! ! see ya party people next wednesday ! ! tgiw ghetto 	1
 . carly fiorina winning the presidency as the st woman president is a dem . nightmare .	2
just hours to go to chelsea s match tomorrow . about fucking time i d say . international football is a pain . ban it i d say . ktbffh	2
when niall smiles in concerts the smile goes to his eyes because they are brighter than the sun	1
in other news i heard borderline by madonna at lunch on monday and just caught myself humming it days later and i m kind of freaked out .	0
good morning . its definitely time a new phone . alarm clock ringer isnt going off anymore . tryin wait on steve jobs before i make a move	1
i m so tired of you dressing like you ain t got no money . you went from wearing gucci loafers to th grade boy sketchers .	2
think i ve come to the point in my life where i need to purchase an xbox and reignite my th prestige black ops side	0
tomorrow on d amp c we will speak with tom brady react to his dad s domination of chip franklin amp discuss to kirk s evisceration of peter king .	0
nice ! disagreement ! of course he sat down with boehner only thi 	1
and maybe i u m playing devil u s advocate u c but the same person may have written the wiki entry as sent out the release .	0
finally the international break is over real madrid returns this saturday in la liga against espanyol at cet ! halamadrid	1
 moatup janglybeastfest is happening on january th . hope gazza turns up with cigars a showaddywaddy album and an alcove curtain .	1
remember i was telling you about catelynn and tyler coming to my school well they are coming tomorrow	0
i want ihop tomorrow weeklytweet but i should pass	1
moyes sat somewhere spamming the real madrid fax machine with stationery and car hire deals chuckling away degea	0
you ever go night night nigga ? everybody go night night ! kevin hart	0
murray will get to watch the second half of scotland v germany . get him pumped for his own battle .	1
what works for kim kardashian may not work the same way for you girls ! facts	2
my guest mix which aired on friday as part of curtis amp craig presents trance action hope you all enjoy	1
surprise surprise ! barca has the upperhand but it seems malaga has their th man the ref is so bias . campnou fcbmalaga	1
i just stumbled across a video montage on some tv channel of clips of camilla parker bowles set to uptown girl . so . .that u s my saturday . you ?	0
at the same time as the apple event ? nope ! test weapons have to wait until tomorrow ! destinythegame apple appleevent	1
aha yea it still closed and the truck is still filling . . . im in my moms car because were leaving for dc tomorrow and we need gas	0
rehab update kirk nieuwenhuis struck out swinging and david wright grounded out to second base in their st abs tonight with	0
though the students may not have agreed with rahul gandhi but the statistics are supporting rahul gandhi rahulstumped	0
the th great ninja war in naruto is hours long . later guys	0
monday night raw was a surprise when sting came out at the end .perhaps he will put an end to seth rollins triple h s baby boy .	1
pkk may revoke all plans of erdogan . for example it can stop killing .	2
what if caitlyn jenner is building up the greatest april fools prank of all time . . . ? stilladude ?	0
tonite on sunday sound day ! . at lap .oremti arco raya parung . dont miss it lads see you soon !	1
general dynamics interview invitational event friday at the sheraton hotel bwi airport at genera . . . jobs	0
this will be the rd revamp of hillary s campaign . her numbers tank each time . she just sucks at campaigning in the new media world .	2
i may talk my shit about caitlyn jenner . but i m going to use her correct name and pronouns . that s the least i can do .	0
 white ? does u nt matter malcolm x may hv been as well .still no specifics .u ppl don u t hv ideas except make bombs killem all	2
brian cushing is not listed as out for thursday s game . he did not participate in practice today . mistake was made inputting to the nfl site	0
ah shit . . that s the one where i lay in my tent on sunday night saying nirvana ? they ll be back some time soon . 	0
why am i just hearing this ? . . . kendrick lamar black friday by topdawgent np on soundcloud	0
anybody want to hang out saturday or sunday ? florida mall ? premium ?	0
being on the phone to live from the foo fighters gig is livening my saturday night right up !	1
did you hear about zayn leaving one direction that s so march th dad 	0
the foo fighters convinced me i should mop my entire house . taking bets on whether or not my back amp hip will agree with them tomorrow . . .	0
so bca doesn u t have school tomorrow . . . .not sure how i feel about that . . .	2
ryan braun singles to lead off the th . rallytime brewers	0
david wright is for with walks in five games with st . lucie . he is scheduled to be back with the mets no later than monday . lgm	0
calibraska is going number one tomorrow or i m suing . jack and jack deserve it so much .	1
see you in milan !	1
 nxttakeover hes but so isn t the undertaker whom is facing brock lesnar tomorrow night not tyler the baby face breeze	0
nothing says u fuck you u to super rugby than when ep kings get relegated tomorrow . i u m waiting	2
alan partridge co hosting tfi friday with chris evans is so very oh mate . rule of thumb if armando isn t involved it stinks .	0
lovely just received our complementary tickets to game v tomorrow . . hoping for some goals .we go chelsea	1
if u plays in the lehigh valley on saturday and the union plays in chester on sunday how many people make both trips ? show of hands 	0
check out the new fall tv at paleyfest tomorrow !	0
published a new blog entry november otherwise known as sheila the great in art in the county .	1
keep in mind mohammed was the st jihadist . like chritianity islam has been watered down over century	0
there s a petition to the obama administration to make beyonce s birthday a national holiday . i signed so can you	1
federer will play another final tomorrow . this guy is just amazing . cincytennis	1
teddy bear toss a brad mills goal and more fun from maverik center in a tough loss friday . see you tomorrow at !	1
because he didn t warrant a higher pick while at michigan . look at russell wilson i think he was taken in the th	2
i wonder what alli simpson would look like without all that make up on . c mon she s and wears all that make up . i mean it looks good . .	1
excited to read go set a watchman on tuesday . but can it possibly live up to to kill a mockingbird ? any opinions ?	1
alex said he s gonna take me to venice beach saturday and karla is gonna pay for my star hotel by the beach . . sweet thanks guys 	1
well august must be a shameful day india because hindus never wanted to give freedom to muslims . y celebrate ? freedomforkhalistan	2
bok squad announcement will be tomorrow for the australasian tour open training session for public at orlando stadium at thursday	0
antwon blake on whether he ll take the first snap at cornerback thursday vs tom brady i believe so . 	0
sun goes down below the horizon at you then should get mins of twilight depending on where you are .	0
 sony sony xperia z premium news sony may have found a solution for the overheating snapdragon . . . xperia	1
about here in a beer warehouse for john kasich s first iowa rally since he announced for president july .	0
perfect for a rainy sunday at home cuddled on the couch watching a movie ! david beckham bodywear for	1
fun fact briana said that since she lives in vancouver sometimes she just goes to set to visit and therefore may or may not be in the gag	1
barca is the best team not real . . no one can win over it . . . and see u on sat 	1
i want a fansign from twee june mikasa and jen o o	1
some times on friday i m still compelled to song a little rebecca black . just cause .	0
what does saudi arabia s budget mean for the oil market ? gt gt 	0
watch out chris brown ! karrueche tran may have a new love interest . find out who we hear she s been getting close . . .	0
what s happening at claytons tomorrow night ? out in marlow with the girls and we are deciding where to end up !	0
i got one offer airtel double data offer with moto g rd gen . for g g customers on flipkart so haw can i avail this .	0
gonna wait until tomorrow to see ant man and take my ma with me .	1
hopefully he comes on thursday cuz you ll be in preschool right ? it s tegan s dad !	0
in the car with the parents on the way back home home . heading to atl to say good bye to sweet irene tomorrow .	1
had a great conversation the other day with zach from bridgestone arena about the preds game on the th see ya there	1
kurt cobain montage of heck returns to theaters august th with new demo track filmfiends fan 	1
with spurs not signing a striker and kane about to get injured on saturday palace have an even better chance of making europe this season	0
since friday i ve been walking around reciting the lyrics to no vaseline by ice cube . it s like i m a kid again ! wait . . .	1
going back to gay ass morton tomorrow	2
muslim obama again proves his preference to islam over american lives . . . amp there are still fools believing it tcot	2
for a th time this season ashley nelson is the macjc goalkeeper of the week ! posted a th shutout vs icc last wk .	1
federer faced the highest ranked guy in r . his draw is tricky . so is murray s .if fed reaches the qfs then he may meet berdy .	1
lady gaga added a new tour date for the bornthiswayball in oslo u c norway on th of december .	0
 last friday where ice cube had to recreate the last supper perfectly to raise money or be crucified by the drug dealer .	0
trying for tickets to tomorrow u s show the late show with david letterman 	0
lucky i didnt go to the spurs game last night	1
can you recommend anyone for this job ? prince george career open house august th at pm princegeorge bc	0
my man uzumaki khan takes thursday s off work just to watch naruto love that guy man	1
hope you u re getting up to meet me at our women u s health symposium ! at the kentucky center for african am heritage on th muhammad ali	0
even if real madrid were at fault for the de gea saga fergie would have offloaded him back in june van gaal plays too many games .	0
hell yea . i was really feelin kendrick and coles black friday shit too . i can wait for the album	0
i go to the dentist and eye doctor on friday . promoting calibraska .	0
if you can u t beat u em u c recruit u em yhoo u c aol u c goog u c twx u c aapl inc . nasdaq yhoo may have the biggest weapo . . .	1
ihop wit bubba jay tomorrow he better eat too	1
okay here s a thing july is the day when justin bieber followed me and i wont ever forget that date like ever !	1
mohsin hamid u s novel how to get filthy rich in rising asia . think they need more typefaces on the cover ?	0
rousey fight changed to nov . no big deal . they could fight tomorrow and it would be the same result .	0
day something starting with a c u c channing tatum . november challenge photoaday sexy damn	0
great game girls ! ! on to districts monday at fox ! ! thanks to the fans for coming out 	1
so i decided to make some predictions . roma win serie a juve nd and the two milan clubs battle for the last cl spot . it goes to inter .	0
just ordered my st ever tablet surface pro i gb gb ssd . hopefully it works out for dev to replace my laptop 	1
marni and dan are honestly the nicest people ever ! ! met them last saturday 	1
avast maties international talk like a pirate day that s right today s the day . the th anniversary no less . tim . . .	1
red bull boss confirming that vettel will be released on the th november thus missing the two day test on november th and th .	0
watching cannavaro on the nd even more embarrassing .	2
on the plus side have a gig on saturday night at the lexington come along 	1
carerra wasn t playing on the wing . i watched the game . he sat in the middle of the zone and took it to curtis .	0
salaam to all friends and enjoy the rd day of eid with your family pray for the all people special pray for me kindly	1
should definitely make teen wolf hart of dixie and friday night light characters !	1
 nowplaying queen cool cat nd take with david bowie 	0
april th you guys smash project special on myx idk what time tho	1
when scams a poor innocent girl out of c after she sat in big brother for hours . your pathetic hosting rights removed .	2
when does the wwa film come out in december	0
miles presser tidbits les miles met with the media wednesday evening to give the latest pr . . .	0
harper misspoke yesterday . the brutality in the th was on the field . same as tonight . nats	0
how lillian bassman images pair against the jason wu spring summer runway show photography art design fashion	0
you may have a point . isil may be islamic as the kkk are christian . oh and the ira . and joseph kony s bunch .	0
it s friday night at home sipping on some crown royal whisky listening to ac dc talking and tweeting with friends . life is good !	1
sunday s lovely gossip fabregas to pay his way out of arsenal the boy alex to arrive soon crouch and rodwell . . .	0
labor day deserves an entire week off from school instead of just a monday . labordayweek	1
kurt cobain s solo album will be released in november pink is the new blog	1
good morning monsters and gaga this the last day to vote for gaga voting ends tomorrow retweet vote mtvstars lady gaga	0
tomorrow will be a year since we waited out in the sun for hours to see ed sheeran at jimmy kimmel	0
worth reading . another troubling argument for why the publication of watchman may have been an act of elder abuse .	0
china telecom st half net profit falls . but beats expectations china telecom also said that it would acqui . . .	0
hell same with frank ocean jhene aiko thanks bre for putting my down th grade and mf tori kelly . . .i remember her youtube days lmao	1
i ll see paper towns tomorrow with some friends can t wait	1
at least it will make up for the sat and the gonzaga game	1
did you know that travis barroquillo is the th indiana native to participate in the nwca all star classic . he . . .	0
logically one would extend dog day until tomorrow so that it coincides with national ice cream day .	0
you may be right he was innocent .if levinson stupid enough to spy on iran about cigarette smuggling then the guy is a retard	2
went to see u the mystery of charles dickens u at the playhouse theatre u c west end last thursday starring simon callow . it u s a must see !	1
prince george and princess charlotte s cousin mia may be the coolest royal tot of all	1
i dont know if saudi arabia is a still rd world we re in an awkward phase right now . it would be alright if it was secularist .	0
full house on a friday for david price facing the yankees . that s the best sentence i have heard in a while bluejays	1
start two engineering branches first time in the world water garbage utilisation .it may be supprt swachh bharat campaign .	0
foo fighters in st . paul with bennett on his th birthday . a spur of the moment decision that ended up working out !	1
the london summer olympics may have ended but the nac summer olympics is still going ! august th marks the . . .	0
armed with the tools of power amp intimidation harper is trying to steal our country . on october th armed with pencils let s take it back .	2
tbt to tik tok by kesha . . . that shit was the knock in th grade	1
given up on work for the night u c really cba ! know i u ll be able to concenttrate better tomorrow anyway . plus i u d rather talk to now !	0
james franklin will have some and win seasons here but starting to think he isn t particularly good at the saturday part of his job .	2
enter the light to craft beer nirvana with a brewery tour ! there is one every friday . beernirvana	0
if i wanted to see a falcons game i d go to the georgia dome . america s team should be on television every sunday .	2
i wonder how dj pooh feels about the scene in straight outta compton where ice cube writes the friday script all by himself .	0
jamie oliver amp his mate are making bacon butties on tv tonight . all i m saying is the horn . last saturday . job done	0
marvi u better apologize to every pakistani nd muslims over ur non sense talk in th hour or prepare the hell	2
tgif ! ! ! stop by the clubhouse between pm for free food friday ! on the menu tacos ! !	1
eric arc elliott may be the best rapper in flatbush zombies .	1
moderate nat and freezing issue . i m used to the sweats ! ! i may buy a ps before release based on playability	1
uk home sec theresa may a mou with saudi arabia and why global condemnation of human rights record won t happen	2
im good agent april im survive in raccoon city . . . . my mission was to take down . . umbrella corp ! with alice . . .	1
gym n the a .m . taking my baby to the park tomorrow then studio ! ! ! ! goodnight ! ! u maybe u 	0
we tallied up the votes and are announcing the winners for calling all communities ! tune in on nov st at am cst 	0
ecuador worried about assange u s health ecuador says it is concerned about the health of the wikileaks founder u c jul . . .	2
i want to have a dance party sat . come to atl after the game . lets do it !	0
i m going to the ac dc concert tomorrow !	1
president muhammadu buhari on thursday charged the new heads of the nigerian military to defeat the boko haram . . .	0
very disappointed to learn that the great yorkshire show has been cancelled . had planned to go tomorrow .	2
dante grabbed bottles of water from his fridge handing one to lexus he sat down across from her anything else ? 	0
serena is one of the best athletes in the world . like may weather at his sport or kobe or tom brady	1
this is just a friendly reminder that tomorrow is halloween in metroplex .	1
crying bc it s monday and there s no teen wolf	2
 st look at the new cover for entertainment weekly with chris evans robert downey jr and chadwick boseman as . . .	0
big shout out to arian foster and ty hilton this am . going into sunday with points . nbd	1
had a great chat with top international referee dave pearson . bit in tomorrow s journal big feature nearer the rugby world cup kick off .	1
monday preview are yummy mummies bad role models ? cherie blair thinks they are do you agree ?	0
just watched the whole nd season of breakout kings only to find out they canceled the fucking show . 	2
 nowwatching silent house . guess i u m in love w elizabeth olsen . gotta find u martha marcy may marlene u . heard that she u s really good there	1
i m just wondering what will happen with seth rollins and john cena at monday night raw	0
 breaking news ohio gov . john kasich says of the st gop presidential debate on thursday i d like to be there . . .	0
w assalaam . it was my st eid away from family . i hope you had a nice eid and all family are good . happy eid to you too . thanks	1
may have meat loaf and ted nugent u c but is rolling with tonight ! u nuff said ! stateofloveandtrust edshow	1
unconditional support from iran us russia et al has of course nothing to do with it . .	0
and he was th top scorer in prem last yr after kun kane and costa honestly surprised no one signed him vhappy !	1
correction carson did not say christians deserve more st amendment protections than other religions . but what he did say was clear as mud .	0
nah i havnt knew about the adidas deal ! u like it ? i u m undecided . . . . where u watching game sat ? i u m trying to get it off !	2
 st good step against evil saudi arabia announced the formation of a state islamic military coalition 	0
i may or may not be in love with carrie underwood	0
i have an extra ticket for kenny chesney and jason aldean saturday at metlife if you want to go let me know !	0
listening to bad blood on the radio st time this is awful people like this ? that bass line isn t so bad now now we got bad blood	2
is about to announce st place for mtvstars . fingers crossed for lady gaga !	1
which men s match do you think they will play on the wednesday night slot ? federer djokovic or murray ! ?	0
can t believe how many hostels in dublin are already booked up for st patrick s day ! ! st birthday plans going down the pan 	2
deus ex human revolution is the rd game in the series deusex	0
friends please take the online pledge of swachh bharat for cleaner and better tomorrow . . help me and others to . . .	1
us magazine caitlyn jenner hits the town in tight jeans minimal makeup photo news may omg nfb	0
sony pictures last monday sony pictures released the first theatrical trailer for concussion the studio s . . .	1
thursday is national hot dog day and just like every year we are celebrating with our own truly american combo . . .	1
 petitionpolitics the blasts may ve been planned by tiger but it needed impeccable execution and yakub did a great job here reports say . .	0
october new photo of justin with lenny kravitz at l amp arc . via	0
 schools closed and nearly students affected by boko haram attacks with ur we can do more for them	2
gotta take the taks test on monday should be a breeze it s just english	1
i know ! ! i don t work til friday so we should probably do something if dunkin isn t holding you prisoner	0
cant tell from up in the upper deck u c but looks like tob may be wearing skechers to a fb game . . .	0
rocking some u at the saturday night special minncon	0
ugh sooooo mean ! ! oh yeah before i forget ! we have a quiz on nca and english tom u c the english analysis she gave us last wed	0
met you today at cobham ! ! gave you my twitter ? any chance of that follow mate ? thanks for stopping u c good luck tomorrow dude ! !	1
tony blair s wars on terror eg afghanistan failed to make britain safer from heroin 	2
jonathan clary u s blocked punt sets up mike longo u s yard td run and laguna hills cuts dana hills lead to with left in rd	2
this is a trending topic caitlyn jenner may face manslaughter charge you cannot make this stuff up .	2
unpopular opinion harper is right to think nats fans ditching in the th inning was brutal . no sure he was right to say it though .	0
if laying in my bed eating candy while reading rolling stone on a monday isn t having my life together then so be it	1
so is interviewing martin o malley for the th time but bernie sanders ? crickets .	2
this time tomorrow u c and i will be well on our way to starkville for a sick weekend . . .the usm game is going to be atrocious .	2
dr . mohamed morsi announced as egypt u s first elected president after the glorious th of jan revolution . congratulations	1
don t miss the doccie kurt cobain montage of heck . see tomorrow july for more or go to	1
if you re not an ira sympathiser you may as well piss off and join the tories . irrelevance here we come !	2
dealbook clearwire is sought by sprint for spectrum sprint disclosed on thursday that it had offered to buy a . . .	0
yoga for runners sept . improve strength flexibility amp focus to make it to the finish line .	0
zayn ha ha i love philly ! going to make appearance tomorrow . . i love pears x	1
na was against sheff wed came from behind with only minutes to play u c jordan rhodes scored a hat trick	0
hi i bought next day delivery for a ps game i may be out but it should fit through the letterbox will it need a signature ?	0
i went to see mission impossible rouge nation today i really enjoyed it . have u seen it ? i might go see ant man tomorrow ?	1
from work ? ! that s a long day . are you planning on going to the paley celebration tomorrow ?	1
also u c ashlee simpson was booed at the orange bowl b c that was her st live performance after snl lip sync debacle	2
jett lounge clairmont rd atl . one of the nicest party i been all year . damn this is the place to be . ladies don u t miss it smp saturday	1
i u m taking physics without calculus for the nd time in the spring . tips ?	0
day raspberry pi winners ! ! come back tomorrow for the last chance to win more ! openstacksummit dreamcompute	0
hey paul can make this triple threat match randy orton john cena brock lesner vs seth rollins tommorrow night or monday night raw	0
today opens the jersey shore season this time in italy at on mtv	0
friday out bologna til sunday morning train to milan then monza for the italian grand prix yeah boy ! ! ! !	1
dave just entered the cape argus pick n pay cycle tour happening on sunday march !	0
the new naruto game comes out in february so i already know what i m getting my bf for valentine s day lol	1
are the sats still on for saturday at clifton high ?	0
edge of tomorrow was yet another tom cruise movie which is to say it was too long blew up too much shit amp needed a better end .	2
sophos commentary on the latest patch tuesday including links to the various sophoslabs vulnerability assessment pages 	0
hours before he arrived in saudi arabia on tuesday turkish president recep tayyip erdogan accused syria s president of mercilessly . . .	0
live as if you were to die tomorrow . learn as if you were to live forever ? gandhi quote	0
louis oosthuizen is now three strokes clear in china he is playing the th hole phil mickelson remains second on the second day .	0
just thought i would put this out red sox have the best batting avg since all star break and nearly hitting . since august st	1
let s see what the update to windows will bring in october . . .my ancient gets it too 	0
its friday that means friday night lights good luck at all the football teams out there tonight	1
on thursday over fifty countries and international organisations will come together for the london conference on . . .	0
 hudsonvalley revise randi into bentley jetaun yes you may call me b j for short lol how yah like me now hudson valle	0
it s easy when your blue ! ! ! ! ! ! ! hope the toon beat the smb tomorrow	1
clark is drunk as a brick . i closed at o clock then built a fire in the stove and sat up until reading my brother ira s old letters	0
 . honing his game on p court for his match with federer tomorrow . usopen	1
i m hopin y all are gonna be around thursday to welcome me with open arms on my permanent move back to clemson . .	1
coming to greenville tomorrow for my last few days in sc u c then it u s west coast shawwty	0
it s very impressive that frank gifford who died sunday at remains the leading touchdown scorer in the history of the new york	1
fri at p et on it s the scorpion s lair w jay scorpion . new music from iron maiden . . .	0
starting to know how paul dunne felt yesterday walking to the st tee	0
you did an amazing job . . . . .can u fly to indiana and sing to me for my birthday tomorrow	1
this is like the day before my ed sheeran concert dude no wait a few days	1
thank you ! maybe this may attract more american fans to kpop ? or maybe even kpop fans to english pop ?	1
saying goodbye to frank gifford and the heyday of monday night football	0
paul dunne made for life unless he blows up tomorrow . sponsors be all over him theopen 	1
danny white to be announced as ucf ad on thursday . not to be confused with dana white . another nd alum like orsini .	0
sunday funday with the girls at toads . cold drink in my hand and zac brown band playing goodday	1
without googling i can only think of a couple ! sun is shining bob marley amp house of the rising sun !	1
did you just tell me lucas scott leaves in the th season of tree hill ? youjustruinedmylife	2
the today s photoshoot it will be available on my google profile tomorrow mpn escreveai	1
in related news there were no subs for the red stars to start the nd half . no lightning updates yet . . .	0
tyrann mathieu may have fucked up his career we know jordan jefferson bum ass did cuz he can u t throw smh .	2
nice to meet you on twitter ! anything amazon travel related you may need we re here !	1
some girl sat behind me on the train thinks it s perfectly acceptable to blast her videos of a sam smith concert which it isn t	0
the red sox may be in last place in their division but at least they are still the best of the last place teams .	1
i can talk about malcolm x all day . . . like when i got kicked outta school in th and th grade for being too radical about black panthers	2
 john u cthe fab four u cthe yard line u cthe th floor u c u cthe dirty dozen u cwe u re all waiting for the nd coming . . .numbers jmc greatsong	1
my take coming up frank gifford s impact on the game and on me . monday night football was never just a game . it s an event .	1
i wanna watch the teen choice awards tonight but can t stand it when flippin twilight wins everything when they don t deserve to . . .	2
kenny lofton who makes his debut on the hall of fame ballot today is the st former arizonawildcats to ever appear on a hoff ballot .	0
in wednesday s firstft long reign the queen iphone unveiling and more . sign up at	1
in context scott walker and birthright citizenship if it s tuesday it must be . . . via	0
recommended verizon begins shipping galaxy note t mobile will start tomorrow pre orders for the samsung g . . .	1
name the story and season . earth th doctor tegan and nyssa omega amsterdam name the story and season . worth credits	1
wake them up with the legendary bob marley the sun is shining	1
cate blanchett expertly shuts down journalists who ask her if she s gay after starring in carol november . . .	0
alex the worst player on the field scores milan s rd . should be victory and points secured now	2
july rd is national hot dog day celebrate this day by biting into a delicious hotdog ! . . .	1
win tickets for redskins vs the titans . stop by our new location at to sign up and win ! today at pm saturday pm	0
miss usa pageant questions were epically bad . i think you have your topic for the show tomorrow	2
the new guy at work calls me brother . i think he may be hulk hogan s brother .	0
on the hour journey from uni to st .james park my real home . come on newcastle ! ! my st european night at sjp nufc brugge	0
oh no twilight s getting to me tonight emotional sunday s in full swing	0
boneless thursday with karm yum	0
the th inning felt like the tipping point for the series . cards can hit kershaw but not bumgardner .	0
buhari took the right decision by telling the military to end the boko haram insurgency by november obj	0
if i feel even worse tomorrow for my chem exam i m going to be sooooo mad	2
the west bank may be looking to cut the gaza strip loose in its talks with israel . rumors are flying of an israeli west bank state . . .	0
wesley sneijder has been linked with a free transfer move to chelsea as he may quit galatasaray if he is not paid . cfc	2
the early kick off on saturday is everton vs chelsea aka the john stones derby ! btts written all over it ?	1
do you have your hst made for the diamond chevrons qal ? tomorrow the assembly directions go up ! !	0
this is going to be my nd time going to the pomona fairplex cause of warped tour ooo	0
 news the mtv vmas are tomorrow . enjoy this look back at the awards with nirvana performing . . . keepgrunge	0
going to be an hour away from tomorrow in interlaken . . what s the chance i can get tickets to biels home game friday night ?	0
haha u c i hardly knew about them and one day i was at her house and she sat me down and made me watch the brit awards with her 	1
the hardest thing about tomorrow will be leaving bentley but it ll be nice for my hands and feet since he s always chewing on them	2
but me derrick going to the fair tomorrow	0
premier league team of the week van persie makes cut for th time this season as szczesny u c ashley young jonn . . .	0
psn tuesday assassin u s creed u c okami hd you can buy all the assassin u s creed you can handle on psn today . both . . .	0
yes cheers joel thanks for your help . tickets ordered we will get to see jurassic world before the kids return on sunday !	1
who s going to be cool and be at church tonight ?	0
come on dana white . can t even have holm defend the belt once between now and july .	0
a random homeless guy was married you justin bieber may perhaps at this pointed invitation was not in nature .	0
 democrats in wisconsin state senate up for recall election next tuesday . hopefully the discouragement of waukesha doesn t prevail .	0
gutted that hannibal has finished really hope someone pics it up for fuller to do a th season or even a movie sure would agree	1
kanye and kim as batman and catwoman may be the best thing i u ve seen all week	1
delicious new items start this wednesday here at rosamexicano it u s time to get in the fall mood with these awesome new items !	1
tomorrow i want everyone to tell me happy birthday lenny because i m lenny kravitz	1
ventura couldn t make it and sunday s comp idk	2
ice cube can produce some good movies . we just need another friday	1
on aug u s st uk gig on their current tour broke the attendance record for a wembley stadium concert with over spectators !	1
october th november rd u c don u t miss the company of fools performance of the woman in black ! !	1
honestly do you actually remember a update that didn t make things worse ? well the upcoming google decouple may count .	2
if the white sox can push one more run across the plate before cle scores it ll be th consecutive game they ve jumped out to a lead .	0
with all this love coming from the city youngstown we better have that metroplex thang on a millie come friday ! ! ! fridaynightlive	1
hey you two tomorrow is national hot dog day	1
hail thor ! hail son of odin and the earth ! hail the thunderer ! may he protect us guard us ! hail thor ! asatru	1
angela merkel tops guest list at legendary bayreuth festival german chancellor angela merkel topped the guest list saturday of the g . . .	0
movie night with the kids at church ! watching the lorax ! couldnt thing of a better way to spend my friday night !	1
yeah i saw them open for taylor swift in march . they were awesome ! is cher just like a fucking bitch on stage ?	2
nirvana on the raido . nice start to friday .	1
i m going for seth rollins to win . sting may put up a good match but won t be enough .	1
the galaxy note and s edge announcement is august th !	1
ironman uk bolton highlights on tomorrow . am on channel or watch back on od ! hope i can get a sneaky glimpse on it !	1
must think you re frank ocean delaying the release till tomorrow .	2
i could wait for the big dq leading to the huge six man tag match aw c mon kane let me finish the damn tweet first raw	0
uk safe house is only pence on kindle today a steal ! get it or the audiobook now . will not work for us us pub in dec 	0
damn someone saved holder from the earthquake ! technically dont know why w biden out obama always out boehner is rd in line !	2
still not clear whether yakub will be hanged thursday ! one more challenge to his death sentence in the sc	2
cause it s friday th i m watching my super psycho sweet part youknowyolo	0
if i make a game as a windows universal app . will xboxone owners be able to download and play it in november ?	0
thank you very much dustin johnson . st round leader never in doubt !	1
are you living with hiv and looking for peer support ? pegs are meeting tomorrow in taunton call for info 	0
james franklin spent part of his day attending parent teacher conferences for his two daughters . out recruiting tomorrow .	0
plus that boy tory kills it too i think it s bouta be hella lit only weak thing is it s on a thursday lol	0
now i don t have the conflict between watching game and the lsu vs . uk game on saturday . staying positive	1
i really want justin to take a picture with kendall miley ariana and zayn on sunday	0
superb from anderson . good fight from murray as always . nd serve just ain t strong enough imo .	1
dunkin save for america s got talent is open . agt dunkinsave i saved gary may the odds be ever in you favor	1
bob marley vs funkstar de luxe sun is shining extended club mix gonna be a hot one this weekend in the uk .	1
we got to get that stuff for project so tomorrow we can do it after weights and another ncaa tournament	0
sixteen candles down the drain sunday inspiration post !	1
 mufc real madrid s florentino perez launched a blistering attack at manchester united s ed woodward over the david de gea fiasco the sun	0
made in tips tonight my dad s fixing my car tomorrow amp i m buying my eric church ticket soon i guess my moods a little better .	1
 pm august th live stream duels with miley . be prepared !	0
 joseph prince fb don u t worry about tomorrow ! jesus u c your divine servant u c has gone ahead of you u c p . . .don u t wo . . .	1
ugh ! why must the rd be on a monday ? now i can t fangirl on directioners day but instead go to school . . i know sad life .	2
yea i was just thinking that ! btw reece is going to be in kyle and jackie o tomorrow i think . . . . in the studio	0
the posters for need want crave have arrived will be up at the leicester square theatre from tomorrow or friday . just under a month to go .	0
three sleeps till the bold black and beautiful iwd lunch on thursday . who else might be going ? boldblackbeautiful	0
if anyone wants to buy kendrick lamar tickets for the th and th of december let me know ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !	1
my only bradshaw concern is it s thurs game only day rest scared of injury .would you drop asiata for someone on waiver ?	0
if you re my age this was monday night football ! and these guys are all gone now . . . so long frank gifford . . .	0
iron maiden releases a new song and currently is the rd trend worldwide . looks like we re on the upswing humanity .	1
really hope the red sox play better than this on saturday when i m at the game	0
we hope everyone had an amazing holiday weekend . back to it ! here s our schedule tues t mobile hq wed . . .	1
if anyone wants to take me to the jason aldean concert either august th or th please feel free ! !	1
ash wednesday lyric she shouts to the east god u better have something better for me cause if this is it u c well i want better than this . . .	1
friend with connections just offered to let me meet zlatan amp co . in nj tomorrow . alas my body sucks and i cannot .	2
another double play helps lafayette get out of sixth inning trouble . going to the bottom of the th lafayette mexico .	0
i m getting strong mail that eden hazard will become a roo tomorrow . pick garlett to wherever the f ck hazard plays soccer . good deal	1
whos going to jason aldean sept th ? ? ? hmu if you need tickets	0
wanna watch annabelle tomorrow but who the hell wants to hang out with me lol k	0
what i want to see on sunday on true blood eric eric more eric naked eric pam did i mention eric ?	1
if anyone is interested in kenny chesney tickets tomorrow with kenny chesney jason aldean brantley gilbert and cole swindell text me .	0
husband killer julie mcginley lives cushy double life with former bbc producer	2
davos coach del curto expects rick nash to return tonight . davos are a fairly bad th in the table with points from gp . nyrangers	0
enjoying a relaxing day today in milan . we start our shows at blue note jazz club tomorrow . gospel concert . . .	1
tiger woods finishes the wyndham championship . could see a playoff if jason gore birdies the th . see the recap on at 	1
do you like presale is tomorrow for jan st show at dar constitution hall .	0
jim luxford of east york with calendar u c our st u c daily winner for september !	1
taylor told nicki weeks ago she can come on stage if she wins an award amp nicki was nah bitch ima bring you on stage so i can do it st 	0
cate blanchett being australian may have squashed this theory a bit . or thrown a caveat into the mix .	0
watching the hunger games . i d totally have sex with jennifer lawrence . josh may join .	1
come and join us to be women s day with on nov rd dealing with anxieties addictions abuse hurts . . .	1
i would do anything for meet amp greets for ed sheeran s toronto show on september th . any way you can help ?	1
tomorrow is all souls day join us for mass at . am or . pm . holy hour after the . pm mass u c led by . . .	0
rt our football season preview shows start airing tonight on the mtn . .half hour each program . .the latest on boise state . . .	0
let s be honest if floyd mayweather gets starched on the th will it not be the greatest moment in sports history	0
calibraska is going to be on my phone tomorrow inssnjsnsnssn	1
tom brady is gonna come back w a vengeance like bruce willis in the rd die hard	1
attn friends and fans ! come join me at birdy u s thursday night for a night of acoustic music ! ! would love the support ! hope to see u !	1
i may be in the minority here u c but i feel like george harrison pulled off the full hobo look better than john lennon .	1
october ! duelo is going !	0
why joe biden may be the best hope for small businesses	1
nicki minaj kissing lil wayne ! caught red handed at the nba all star game exclusive photos video 	0
i study sat prep material so i can understand the big words they use in naruto	0
 twins tweets white sox take a lead in the th . mntwins mlb	1
kris jenner had an affair w lionel richie in the s an he may b khloes dad . . .that makes sense doe ? why cus she s dancin on the ceilin ? 	0
l l madonna in the beginning gravity by madonna cd aug gravity usa celebrity buzz	0
taco tuesday has a full line up ! am baptiste yoga with alice barsculpt w leslie barsculpt . . .	1
today s goanna be one looooong ass day because calibraska comes out tomorrow	2
happy nd birthday prince george hope you have a fun day x	1
carlo ancelotti after lvg and then may be giggs . not a big fan of guardiola despite the success .	2
i wasn t around for hot jam why is it even on a monday	2
shawn with little kids may just be the cutest thing on the face of this planet	1
gonna go to zumba with my mom mondays wednesdays nd fridays then zumba at school on thursday nd on tuesday kettle bell work outs !	0
al michaels memorialized frank gifford at the hall of fame game on sunday	0
sif ? she felt as if she may have heard that name before . from thor if she wasn t mistaken 	0
is such an encourager ! loved the conversation on the way home from barbarians ! ready to action tomorrow ! !	1
only the intro ? man you missing out and the only thing weak about j . coles black friday was kendrick s beat . . .	0
not yet since it just came out friday they don t have screen protectors . and i m not paying for one at t mobile lmao	1
nice day in tucson again .	1
influenced by rahul gandhi . all from kalam family may not be the same . e .g .rahul gandhi . 	2
should add in october read that folder on pc from the sony leak with all the scripts amp production emails with a bottle of wine amp candle	0
i can see a masked kane returning to cost taker the match	0
saturday night in with a curry and celebrity big brother . bank holiday bliss . passthenaanbread	1
 for a limited time what about an eternally lasting no amp plz shove cortana where the sun doesn t shine	2
brawler martin maulers came all the way from prince george to get lockedin for their th anniversary . can they get out before their st ? !	0
here s your story from today supporting the lions continues to be super depressing for detroiters .	2
today is the first day of work for the southern indiana blitz build in henryville . as you may remember u c last . . .	0
the official photo released to mark prince george s nd birthday ! happy birthday you gorgeous little star . . .	1
happy september th ! midorilied aka the day raccoon city was fucked have a good night .	1
manchester united want to sign aston villa s fabian delph and ron vlaar when the transfer window opens in january . 	0
may or may not do liam dm s in the morning . depends how awake i am and how much time idrk but i ll do more tomorrow night for sure so ya	0
what s up jose good programming dude ! hope thing are well you ? trump is in dallas on sept got my tickets ! ! !	1
a bit frustrating . i don u t think i u ve added you on my new psn account . i u ll do it tomorrow .	2
see you tomorrow at dunkin donuts in hoxsie from !	1
i m going to disney world october if you wanna come on down come on down !	1
whenever you get a moment tomorrow friday please give me a call at . profiling the candidates for prince george .	0
the fact i have to wait till january now for teen wolf hurts my heart	2
bitch you sucked dick you got more than a bumper sticker and you may have been a bentley but now you a prius	2
i u m so excited i u m gonna meet buddy from cake boss at ruth eckerd hall with grammy on jan . can u t wait ! ! ! !	1
sad i didn t see today . do work in nebraska man i ll see you when you get back !	2
my suicide note would be the picture of mark martin that i kept in my wallet in th grade .	2
messi back in january my dream is to finish my career at barcelona for as long as people want me 	1
 apple is expected to unveil iphones an apple tv amp a larger ipad . watch the live stream tonight at pm here tech	1
gucci bags subliminal possession april balloon the dual yours individualistic into confederacy as far as no sl . . .	0
i may agree with modi is communal politics men for this time	1
 rd in games ! ! ! emile heskey bags the opener for newcastle jets v melbourne victory ha ha ha ! ! !	1
erik johnson to start for white sox on sunday white sox pitcher erik johnson will make his first major lea . . .	0
i was gonna wait to buy weed until monday but i just realized watching beyonce s concert might be so much better with a blunt .	1
david wright played all innings in the field for st . lucie . went with three walks at the plate . due up th in bottom of the th . mets	1
and yeah i agree berahino may go on to be massive but with kane at the club i d focus on devolving him even more !	0
i m going to see ed sheeran on tuesday and i am so excited i can not contain myself	1
goodnight have a great night i need to go to bed because i have school on tuesday and sleep schedule is messed up ok shawn loves you	1
i agree with messi being rd but my top would be .hazard .suarez .messi	1
i just saw a commercial that said jurassic world opens friday am i missing something here ?	0
yup bluesfest was wicked tonight . epic roofing job tomorrow . this is the life .	1
donald trump and jeb bush want dictatorship on anchor babies . do they not have rights under the th amendment ? latinosunidos stoptrump	2
you would think being the first music video without zayn it may not do so well but in reality it s freaking awesome dragmedownmusicvideo	1
people seeking mercy for yakub hope this punjab terror attack may jolt you out of stupidity into reality gurdaspur	2
even maybe more odd is the marion county judge in or who refuses to conduct any gay marriages . apparent he may have right but still . bigot	0
so with bey performing at the superbowl in feb . i u m assuming new material in the coming months before hand then album after grammy u s	0
or maybe apple will bring u back . we re kidding . u is totally not going to come back haha	0
r .i .p . frank gifford . i truly enjoyed your monday night football broadcasts with al and dan .	1
i m so lost lmao has shawn left landed in ny already or is he leaving tomorrow morning ? ?	0
are you still up north or can you review carolon fri cate blanchett amp mara rooney in film version of gay classic novel 	0
lady gaga you turn me on in such weird ways . i ll bite your ass st home girl	2
hope to see you at our opening in tel aviv israel in march !	1
kanye west may be an asshole but he s top five dead or alive	2
i just watching sharknado and piranha dd . how s your saturday night going ?	0
everybody needa fw nov rd . doors open . ppl w polo leggings before on the spins u c maino on the mic !	0
i dont know if you listen to wgts but they have an evening program as well on sat nights	0
iran may regret it . but only if it happens under a gop president after obama and kerry are gone .	2
lmao . . . . . .hope your enjoying the sun ! love you so much proudsoldier camilla parker bowles lol xxx	1
 katy perry fans get ready because her next concert is on the september peru	1
yeah if iran take some hostages he s a lock . . . smh	2
why the retail industry may struggle to deliver this christmas vehicle fleets under pressure 	2
there is a ish year old girl at the walk in clinic and she just sang roar by katy perry start to finish and my hormones may lead me to	1
a rabbi leads the way in uniting jews christians world cbn news christian news 	0
why is the sun out ? ? ? ? where is frank ocean ? ? ? ? ? why do i have no plans for tonight ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?	2
randy orton vs seth rollins for the wwe world heavy weight championship now on wwe monday night raw 	0
alright pricey ! how you doing got a round in lough erne next friday ! needmoreballs	0
up there with ice cube pickin up an ice cube in friday . synecdoche new york begs to differ though 	0
would you consider doing some dark souls content in preparation for dark souls in april ? dlc is great .	1
are you coming to nz tonight or tomorrow morning ? ? waaa im so confused 	2
passionate about cnis work be a rep at ten thousand villages in your hometown on mar steinbach main street	0
i think you may be underestimating the difference in boxing and mma . rousey has all the advantage .	0
apple fans today s the day to watch ! appleevent starts at pm est . watch it live at	1
i m ready for thursday and eric church with	1
he want the country divided as filthy rich or dirt poor ! and everybody on my tl gone be in the nd category !	0
after sat nights game on whk is on with us plus we have tickets to the next home game to give away ! rt ?	1
sangha is bjp marga darshak but not like jan path .sangha has no political ambitions it is all muslims also .	0
in dunkin today i saw elderly men trying to take a selfie and it may have been the cutest thing i ve witnessed in my entire life	1
granted i m comparing it to giving birth to our nd kid but i ll add my well that was anti climactic to the pile re amazon prime day .	2
taylor swift tomorrow night . probably should line up now to get in the venue by the time she gets onstage .	1
not only is it halfway to st . patty s day but its also monday night football on the paddy o . we hope to see . . .	1
cnn fiorina on vaccinations when in doubt it is always the parents choice carly fiorina on thursday pre . . .	0
in a nutshell things we think we know about the galaxy note ever since samsung appointed august th as . . .	0
 i don u t know of a rule that could stop qld playing david taylor the nrl to us on if qld can play taylor tomorrow in origin nrl	0
they killed the american dream dusty rhodes now they taking the american hero hulk hogan . the people s champ may be next	2
that was after the good friday agreement . their links go back to when the ira was murdering and maiming .	2
im going to sleep excited for june th so i can watch twilight all day every day !	1
i like meek mills when he raps because he talks like a handicapped th grader . . .how do he and nicki hold conversations ? ? ?	0
you may also be interested in this story about kim kardashian s 	0
that taylor swift bad blood may be the worst quality budget music video i ve ever watched	2
today was national pancake day my wordlesswednesday says it all even if it is mickymouse waffles 	1
believe it or don t but this version of informix isn t supported by anyone anymore . i don t even know whether ibm or sun own this thing	2
floyd mayweather is fight on september for free . . . . ? no wonder he picks berto !	0
delivery has just arrived for sunday s national ice cream day . staff are getting excited here for their sundae s ! . . .	1
have had two very enjoyable nights of carling cup action with arsenal last night and cfc this . will qpr v reading on sunday live up to it . . ?	1
tomorrow the scandal breaks wwe will sever all ties with hulk hogan	0
when life gets eerie my itunes shuffle just started playing big brother by kanye west as i finish off sunday s centerpiece story . timely .	0
i think they need to line you up as an eligible receiver like jacksonville did against you guys sunday . thoughts ?	0
plant city driver charged with dui in fatal crash oct pm et	0
watch exclusive new clip from carolfilm via with cate blanchett amp rooney mara .	0
kerry attends annual refugee resettlement and admissions program consultations on the hill tomorrow . then he meets durbin irandeal whip .	0
check out some live jazz music from david taylor and tom ogunribido today from pm in the lpc student center nd floor dining area !	0
i might reread the harry potter books for like the th time	1
 closed john kasich on what it will take to beat hillary clinton ohio gov . john kasich sat down with abc n . . .	0
who going with me to knott s saturday ?	0
rt wow ghana vs nigeria is tomorrow the way i forgot boi lol is anyone even going ?	0
so apparently we re sitting in the same booth that kurt cobain sat in	0
 blackstar is the best thing to start a friday night . thanks david bowie my messiah my lord .	1
lloyd robertson s last newscast is tomorrow night . the end of an amazing career . and honestly the end of an era thatsthekindofdayitsbeen	1
floyd mayweather is the best welterweight in the world amp he s fighting a man who is the nd best welterweight in his gym mayweatherberto	1
anyone want ed sheeran tickets for september ? about dollars ? i have two tickets	0
award winning is accused of insulting erdogan he may face up to . years in prison . shame on turkey	2
going to be heading out tomorrow to check out the earth festival in davis imnotahippie	1
get off in the jurys inn hour sale this wednesday	0
some kid sat down today and said make me look like nirvana . . . like which person ?	0
big day tomorrow ! all sandy is gonna do is give us a half as bj ! eastbound on stage at big fish shtick pm . then zombie bar crawl !	1
check out dean ambrose in the st trailer for rounds lockdown	0
tim tebow has already had more success than over of qbs who have ever been in the nfl and this is his rd season . killed ?	1
 music country joe amp the fish st print bob masse poster bg fd aor grateful dead	1
 gawker nigerian army frees children adults from boko haram on sunday the nigerian army announced it . . .	1
seth rollins coming out here looking like the unmasked th power ranger . summerslam	0
coaches like gonzaga u s chances mon u c oct pst don u t count the zags out after their run of wcc basketball . . .	1
went to soundset on sunday and got the worst sunburn i ve ever had in my entire life 	2
it s a formal disqualification as the match v ivory coast was abandoned . they may also face a ban from tournament .	0
sushis rafa on the tv best way to end this sunday . vamos 	1
whenever i m thinking about negative bs . . .i remember star wars episode comes out in december . . .lol we just gotta make till christmas dawg	1
david wright went for with two singles and a run scored in friday s inning loss to the red sox	0
beware if you do not have to upgrade to windows you may want to think twice before you do . we would warn you . . .	2
 once she heard his voice mikasa sat up with a light groan . hnn . . . i am . . is that you saruhiko ?	0
 mlbcentral david wright crushing a dinger on his first swing since april th . i didn t think he would pull a wilmer flores !	0
wow ipad got just today free lol www .burna .in fgye	1
 the record ryan braun smacks nd career hr more than robin yount wild brewers marlins wed matinee the story on fox sports p	0
please don t get us wrong kpop groups won t come to barcelona on september . it s just a kpop meeting organized by fanbases 	0
a new big brother i am cait and bachelor in paradise and another day off tomorrow ! ! ! yippee ! ! ! ! ! ! !	1
 moo party mamamoo sang sting with live piano st then back to mr . pictures fanarts messages from moomoos were shown on the screen .	1
may as well call it the chris evans car show it will be easier to avoid then	0
sorry you had that weird disturbance on sunday . i m the random guy that helped out . please give my thanks to justin .	0
he was in the atletico academy real is the biggest team in europe next to barca . all his friends are in madrid . lol	1
wifey princess are going up to granda u s for thanksgiving today . i go sunday . i think i u ll watch goon !	1
and here is my mahiro from kiryu cosplay it s not totally finished xd i have a new shooting monday !	0
get paid way later today u c probably going to go see sky fall on the th or man with the iron fists idk which one choose ?	0
kane gets hurt tomorrow . you really want chadli son playing of striker till may ?	0
 march an ira volunteer was killed when two ira units engaged each other in error on the springfield road in belfast . ? ?	2
i should be freaking out about deadlines u c but uva extended to the th thankgoodness	0
in honor of prince george s nd birthday . who wore it better ?	1
played and perfected dragon s dogma on xbox amp ps . come january it ll happen on pc too	1
last day yahoo but i have already jotted ish to do items . . . off to bulgaria tomorrow morning	0
starting to make david beckham and james bond look uncool .	0
i liked a video question tuesday with cara delevingne of paper towns	0
it is predicted that the winter classic and the all star game will be cancelled this upcoming monday . . fuck ! ! ! endthelockout	2
yakub arranged funds for the blast dats an equal crime . ppl who loose their luvd ones knw d pain nd who dnt may god giv dem .	2
tony blair faith foundation fighters belonging to other salafi jihadi groups in syria sympathise with is	0
bad blood sounds like it was written by a th grader who s mad at her best friend . . . . . yet here i am singing to it in my car	0
chris evans alternative radio show pm tomorrow give it ago ! ! ! ! its so good !	1
 . . .but indie or those with real resources will take audio risks and may eventually become gt mainstream like danny elfman 	0
on friday i m going to make chelsea s day but she doesn t know it	1
neymar was always gonna be something special . i honestly hate his role at barca he might be good but he has to play nd fiddle to messi	0
both previous batman films are on hd tv tnt u c fx tonight at pm edt . so i u m recording both . may watch to get caught up	0
i m mainly just waiting on cameron s on the th jack g s on the th amp then niall s on the th	0
 rd ? ? ! o where have i been i thought careless world was the st one . no ?	2
jerzy boy janowicz over murray ! what is going on in paris ? ! we u ll have a new master u s winner . no big past the rd round .	1
first record of colin baker at the bbc bbc serial the roads to freedom . part shown nov . doctorwho	0
i want to see david cameron and theresa may on hours in police custody or hours in a amp e .	0
i just had the best rd date ever hate how before this thing takes off properly i m gonna be going back to milan	1
 eleanor was just a fan when she met louis it u s funny bc she probaly wasnt a fan like she may have known who they were but she wasn u t a fan	0
watching scouts airforce amp army st . john s ambulance amp police march through lichfield for a remembrance service at the cathedral v proud .	0
this is kind of a david bowie weekend what with the release of his minute video for blackstar on thursday so . . .	0
line up at yyt to check in longer than a tims lineup on a monday morning after the super bowl sunday !	0
fully sat here debating if it s acceptable to download some justin bieber or not	0
such a pity . harrington drops shots on the th . now off the lead as is paul dunne both on . . . zach amp scott on 	0
john kasich may end up blowing by jeb bush before this is all over . has a lot of the things pure insiders which i am not like .	2
nearly minute mark in the rd quarter before michael dyer is mentioned on the clemson auburn telecast . many bets lost on the under .	2
i m listening to maybe i m amazed for the st time in ages amp wondering how i ever managed to stop being fanatic about paul mccartney ? ? ?	1
yeah i got a yankees hat geez ! yeah he got the old lettuce wrists ! good night in austin last night then ?	1
today issued a statement once it learned that sprint may take a controlling interest in clearwire in order cont 	0
similarity between mohandas gandhi amp narendra modi have you seen dandi march video clips ?both r working through fast pace .	0
anyone want to come over tomorrow to hang with brentley and i bbq work on bikes ?	0
youth soccer continues this saturday . check with chandra farnsworth if you need schedules and times .	0
mt syria deir ezzor marba eh aerial shelling dropped explosive barrels on residential buildings in the town . tue october .	2
your going to be the reason why i fail this hspa tomorrow i know it	2
what will have a better tv rating . . . cardinals v rockies tonight or mnf with texans and jets ? reg season hardball v preseason football	1
does anybody want to buy two ed sheeran concert tickets for september nd ? dm for details !	0
then on saturday we ll host a scrimmage open to the public at p .m . in comcast center .	0
oliseh invites for tanzania drops mikel obi victor moses head coach of the super eagles sunday oliseh . . .	0
paul dunne on walking up the th hole at st . andrews as a co leader that was about as much fun as anyone could have in golf ever . 	1
 minutes from first saturday broadcast of the season . mary jo heath and ira siff ready to go !	1
thrilled to hear jimmy mcgovern has bought the rights to alastair campbell s st novel . huge opp . to get message to millions	1
google sending me an email with a few posts you may have missed . . .bless	0
kim kardashian launches kimojis including image of her bum it may just be the ideal last minute . . . daily mail uk	1
great question ! that means you are roaming domestically in a spot where there may be little to no t mobile coverage and . . . 	1
fancy an enhanced acca on your sunday morning ? take the on espanyol u c lazio heracles all winning !	1
how are they going to act in new york with the subways out ? they better clutch it out like eli manning th quarter	0
what happened after monday amp s raw with brock lesnar ?	0
after a delay late in the nd half team kane trails team stamkos 	0
it s saturday night ! ! what u album are you listening too ?	0
very interesting ucl group stage draw . afc should qualify nd at the very least . lovely draw for man utd and juventus ! ! d	1
gucci bags yourself secret december come the dyad thine particular ultra ultra ampliation on route to pleading . . .	0
way to go . i dropped my ballot marked obama off on wednesday in colorado u c gives you a good feeling . i hope co goes obama .	1
stopped at dunkin and got a spot on the rd floor ? itsgonnabeagoodday	0
ryan braun reaches on a infield single jean segura scores the cubs amp brewers are tied in the top of the rd	0
i think i may be the only person around not excited that beyonce is the half time performer for the superbowl .	2
wwe fans glad thank you sting vs . seth rollins john cena vs . seth rollins good luck sunday sept !	1
does that make the national herald private jahagir of rahul gandhi sg	0
fishing for my st time ever today . . . danee just fell into the dam must admit this is fun ! ! ! bunchofdrunks	1
it seems that vitor belfort wasn t happy about taking a back seat to conor mcgregor on friday	2
 goal ! ! ! argentina messi with a header makes it the th of the game argentina bolivia	1
i wonder if you heard frank gifford died today ? take care roma	0
preseason ! basketball ! kubball mt cole aldrich will start in place of kendrick perkins against the rockets tomorrow night .	1
norqway in banff opens tomorrow mother nature rules in the canadian rockies	0
also this multiple sources told me the red sox did confiscate signs in support of orsillo at fenway last monday despite denial from sox .	0
holy shit . rebecca black donated all her earnings from friday to help the japan earthquake . this changes everything .	1
is anyone else going to see sheryl crow at art park on tuesday ?	0
i should work at dunkin . get the donuts every friday .	0
clever ! australian captain michael clarke teams up with louis vuitton in special cricket trunk design herald sun 	1
now the nigga with the tender busy buying her kfc on sunday evenings smh 	0
wait spring breakers is coming out march th . . . .is that a worldwide release date or only in the us ?	0
prince george s nd birthday find out how the royal family plans to celebrate ! e ! online	1
a coworker just said muslims should just leave the country . nobody invited them here anyways . as i sat maybe feet away from her .	2
arsenal fans should get behind early on saturday for his confidence otherwise the team will be lethargic and negative .	0
u know it s going to be a good bachelor party when u get the bar amp the st song to come on is blaze of glory bon jovi notenoughbudlight	1
ghoncheh ghavami s court date is set for october th . let s hope she is freed soon iran humanrights	1
there s a shop in auburn called morning glory as well . don t know if it s a toy shop ! ! ! unbelievable	0
doing a tv note about hallmark movie a smile as big as the moon about teacher s fight to take kids to nasa space camp . airs abc sunday	0
tell us what gotohexislike and it may be read on our podcast ! ! ! ex . gotohexislike game of thrones but replace the dragons with dicks 	1
girl scouts selling cookies outside of the liquor store on a friday night ? smartkids	1
 beyday fun fact beyonce swept the hair off the floor of her mother s salon for her st job . humblebeginnings	1
lolol that just pulled up to my house blasting great big beautiful tomorrow . love this guy .	1
i want to see valentine s day boxers that say may contain traces of nuts 	1
fair warning to my non u followers i will be tweeting and rt ing heavily u request between now and the end of sep st . mute if you want .	1
where are all the fans freaking out about the mets chemistry ? ? ? david wright just did something that may have defied biology amp physics .	0
iran deal climate deal fast track bush tax cut repeal just some nd term agenda items	0
 . iced coffees end at dunkin on the st and that s the worst news i ve heard all summer	2
 times prince george shook things up for the royal family prince george turned two on tuesday ! in . . .	0
it s nice to get out of here at though i won t lie . may go see snoop dogg at bluesfest tonight	1
gucci sun valley ! zone what you know about that ?	0
happy captain america day ! david wright batting th tonight . mets yo .	1
a little bob marley on this monday morning to ease the pain of it being monday morning !	1
robbed by george osborne . . .while the royals play decoy kevin mckenna	2
 mcilroy had a strong start in thursday u s opening round of the honda classic u c but the no was upstaged by us ryder cup captain love iii .	1
 news nirvananews august th nirvana meet with youri . . . nirvananews august th . . . keepgrunge	0
omg journey the mysterious island is on dvd monday ! i love that film !	1
today is nationaltequiladay ! ! that may rank right up there with national ice cream day . let s celebrate ! !	1
lakers notebook nash listed as doubtful for showdown with clippers steve nash and kobe bryant sat out . . . lakers	2
i may not seem like the target demographic but let me tell u that i think magic mike xxl is one of the most excellent pieces of film making	1
harvey and shawn have put me on the no access list along with bo and carl pelini . otherwise i d be there tomorrow .	2
great start to my days off u c sat on the sofa u c feet up with a jd and coke listening to al green u c get in d	1
are you ready for this sunday night when wwe champ john cena defends his title in the wwe super slammmm	1
this is the first time someone has offered to watch the notebook with me so i don u t watch it alone for the th time . .too bad it was my mom .	2
tango in the night by fleetwood mac was no . in the uk album charts on august 	1
when will we have more moto g rd gen g in the usa ?	0
yea your mom is nice i felt like i known her my whole life when we sat in the back of your car on our way to watch duelo .	1
tommy milone shut out the white sox for seven innings wednesday to improve to . twins	0
who the fuck would buy a justin bieber vinyl	2
kris bryant steals his th base of the year . cubs	0
real shit vote kanye for president if he really is doing it can t stand donald trump and kane s my nd dad	2
looks like the defense will be getting a a on sunday . my hypothesis ? aaron rodgers will be eating a lot of mud pies . keeppounding	1
i ve been a fan for years now . kpop is kinda different from what you may be used to . t ara is my fave group !	1
going to some like it hot in newcastle on saturday for a dance off	0
spurs manager andre villas boas was proud of the commitment shown by his men after they held off a fast finishing southampton on sunday .	1
bentley hits and the sun shoot themselves in the foot with a delay of game technical . . .prince misses somehow	0
ed sheeran will have a minutes song and in the st th amp th minute you listens to the instrumental and he only sings nd amp rd minutes	0
just don u t understand tob thought he would come out and est . some running game in the nd half than go play action on an aggressive unc	2
of monsters and men deap vally eagles of death metal gaslight anthem foos and that s just tomorrow ! sorry for late reply !	2
s o to the folks just now learning ice cube did more than friday and dre isn t just responsible for eminem s come up themoreyouknow	0
red sox likely going with man rotation red sox interim manager torey lovullo reaffirmed on saturday that th . . .	0
it just gets me hot people trash may for being cocky but not rousey	2
inspiring explanation of the party not funeral they held to celebrate frank gifford s life .	0
darcis stops the bleeding by winning his st game since in the first serve . well one kind of bleeding because federer s still leading .	1
if i was i u d be in a room with noel gallagher u c shaun ryder u c bez etc but instead i u m in preston sat in kfc . brilliant .	2
not an apology and calibraska both come out on the th . i m so excited	1
 mets c david wright went for with three runs scored an rbi a walk and th home run at citizens bank park in his return . mlb	0
 breaking floyd mayweather is officially set to square off with andre berto in september . via	0
when the sun says d is gonna split yall get mad but when they said zayn ended zerrie with a text yall believe it ok	0
i shall be there saturday be prepared for me to give lap dances . i will expect a chair in the middle of the living room . .	1
wow what s good time last night ! ! ! love the old skool jams ! today i rest . . . tomorrow back to the kee to bala . . .	1
i get to procter the psat with my homie tomorrow ! ! ! it only took them three years to partner us up lol	1
big announcement tomorrow at regarding ukip s biggest ever outreach campaign to get the uk out of the eu .	0
cate blanchett in the marvel universe ? oh we would love this .	1
court judges disagree on yakub memon may not hang on thursday the supreme court today referred to a larger bench the plea of yakub . . .	0
i got no love for sony . they can disappear tomorrow someone else would just replace them and try harder for consumers .	2
when the th goes back to thor copp petan it ll hit exactly my pre season best on paper . .well . . based on locked stu thor .	0
r yall going to be in dallas friday saturday ?	0
when you od on extra strength tylenol and watch twilight with squad cuz sunday	0
sunday am the challenge of the harvest by rev . john morrow	0
google cern will open the bottomless pit of prophecy sep rd ? 	1
and just like that an opening hole quad from dustin johnson . best thursday friday major golfer ever .	1
haha jeb bush is such a bore the guy in the background of this vid could totally not give a shit about this dirtbag .	2
ajavon has been impressive with attacking the basket and creating . atl unstoppable in transition bentley and lacy gone cold in nd half	0
of all of the promises of scifi i never thought we d see big brother come to light . . . fb we ll be like uk soon	0
calibraska is th on the carts in australia im so proud ! ! ! ! ! calibraskaep	1
depending on how this happens it could give israel a fine casus belli for intervention in syria . . .	2
is your computer acting like it is still on labor day break ? just reboot it s patch tuesday 	0
but when luffy does reach his max i have no doubt that he ll beat naruto . maybe even currently if we find out how strong gear th is 	1
a big day of football in marshall on friday . here s a preview of all games . i ll be tweeting updates for all games	1
happy monday slackers ! don t forget tonight is steamers night here at slackers . doz . . doz . . with . . .	1
yes but mothers day comings from mothering sunday doesn t it ? whereas fathers day is just a sop to stop them complaining .	2
back out on practice court kevin anderson after his hr min win over murray to make st slam qf	0
sorry that we couldn u t get you in the party . the guys i was playing with refuse to play ground war . open lobby on wed .	2
does anyone want four tickets to zac brown band for saturday night ?	0
sales joke of the day august ibm . thewatercooler	0
the bucket list . . get an insurmountable lead . check . get swept by the th place white sox . check . make your fans sweat . check	0
 . news janet jackson writes open letter to the late aaliyah today august marks the t . . .	0
it was weird seeing robert griffin the rd and justin tuck playing football and not eating subway sandwiches	0
but if he shaves again like at elimination chamber earlier u c i may have to hit him !	2
schreier financial services in orange city will offer services through metlife . see the august edition .	1
depends what vibe you want . post abs def check out the monday room volstead they were favs of mine when i lived there	1
rt bp oil spill activist cherri foytlin on obama s handling of the crisis in the gulf she was arrested . . .	0
i was mad too i had vernon davis u c frank gore u c and i was up by like going in to monday night . .i u m tight lol	2
do you mean you come here or me go to you ? i can only afford to go out night cause i u m going to amsterdam on monday x	2
ahh i want to see prepix again tomorrow but i need to go to church haha	1
how do you think david wright who may never get another chance at the playoffs feels about his turning it off	0
like yall gonna believe the sun if they say liam is actually david beckham and they live a double life ?	1
tsipras talks are in final stretch which is greek for talks are about to break down and i may call a referendum any minute now 	2
booked tuesday off when im home . . . gunna start a career with espanyol after goin to watch them ! bestteaminbarcelona	1
miguel montero with a go ahead rbi single in his return from the dl scoring kris bryant . the cubs lead the giants bottom of the th .	0
omg kita baru check dm ! congrats ! ! ! see you soon seafood hehe and see you at deloitte in feb ! yay ! so happy for you d	1
leket israel s th annual gala harvest for hope is about to begin at avenue hall .	0
cliff avril says he u s feeling fine following the bye . said he thought he would have played had the lions had a game sun .	1
david wright is a beast and harper needs to come to philly we will stay till the th if you play for us .	1
david wright is back and leading off in the nd inning !	0
 more hrs then off with my hot wife till wed . orillia casino and jeff foxworthy ! ! !	1
work in summersville and beckey wv for the next days then back home thur evening	0
tom brady s suspension lifted . if it was wwe he would kickoff raw monday reveal the authority made it happen . brock lesnar enters .boom !f .	0
city s excellent peformance today apart from defending i realised what a tough season it will be for everton	0
we u re going to bali tomorrow lol	0
how many goals zlatan intends to serve into the net on friday . to know how to bet amp or amp ? ? ? ?	0
john kasich you may know him ? anyone ? gopdebate	0
come see august th at the rex theatre ! contact us for tickets .	1
young palestinian asylum seeker breaks down when angela merkel explains to her why she can t stay in germany	0
whatever happens i m going to watch paper towns tomorrow . i can t miss this movie .	1
our true par is probably th behind arsenal . it might not be nice but it s the reality	2
congress president sonia gandhi amp rahul gandhi asked to appear in the court on december at pm heraldhauntscong very good .	0
happy thursday briana . i hope you have a good one . 	1
national herald tainted rahul gandhi now discloses vacations before going awol new delhi dec pti congre . . .	0
aren t you a cleveland cavs fan ? the chicago bulls play them tomorrow .	0
what merch will you be selling from tvd at walker stalker con ? i m going to be there on sunday and would love to know 	1
in tel aviv in june on a shabbat afternoon muslims jews christians . . . all together enjoying the sun	1
 times pic lsu coach les miles says he may let jordan jefferson talk to the team lsu	0
july th . . . it u s goin down at dar constitution hall . . . i u m gonna make this last part rhyme . . . mb y u all ! ! ! ! !	0
ohio gov . john kasich r on wednesday said that he would like to get rid of teachers lounges to reduce how much . . .	0
i m not believing anything until i see zayn s fine ass on the red carpet tomorrow night	0
mentioned in babylon the name of episode in th season and game of thrones th episode nd season popculture	0
duffy gearing for showdown against rival white sox danny duffy gets the start for the royals in saturday nigh . . .	0
can t wait for tomorrow ! ! i get to meet and i can t even believe it . ready for digi !	1
i mean c mon look at ashton playing the drums	0
we may be an ordinary girls but our love to our zayn is bigger thank you think he saved most of us and we re thankful to him to have him .	1
bernie sanders event saturday noon huntington bch ca at the pier main st . please join us or if not retweet	0
seeing gone girl for the rd time because i m obsessed with the movie because i m obsessed with ben affleck	1
i love nicki and miley and may need to call in sick tomorrow because of it	1
real madrid sign a year old from argentina maybe the next messi ! !	0
wishing prince george a very happy nd birthday from the old star ! cheers ! happybirthdayprincegeorge	1
christians may act like the world because they are ignorant of who they are !	2
everyone saying the chris brown concert was great last night when we all know that the greatest concert is on friday with jason aldean	1
thx for following us how many cuppa s do you have every day ? i m on my th . . . tgif	0
tomorrow is international talk like a pirate day . have i left it too late to become fluent in somali ? topsomalianlies	0
thursday july rd is national hot dog day ! what a better way than having one all the way ? 	1
you didn t say that yesterday with milan ? btw you see thiago smalling today ? 	2
free day tomorrow in interlaken and we re going to explore bern 	1
murray holds ! now anderson serves again to stay in the rd set with up but two sets down .	0
git er done ! before graphexpo reserve your room for the npes annual conf . coming nov . indian wells ca 	0
we are partnering up with lyft this sunday for national ice cream day . check out there facebook page for details .	1
in case you forgot panthers are horrible on defense . pathetic . ranked th against run and their top cb gamble is out w injury . cowboys	2
wppi starts the th i believe . that u s why i u m flying out the afternoon of the th .	0
tomorrow is national ice cream day ! here s every place you can get free ice cream 	1
look out for the rolling stone special release september ! points james halliday . aussiewine	1
can we go see catelynn amp tyler at msu on the th ? its free teenmom	0
introduced me to big l when i was in the th grade . i was really deaf to real hip hop music back in the th grade lol	0
anyway enough about me being sad steal my girl video tomorrow wwat film today emabiggestfans d stealmygirlvideo	2
if you met me niall you d be laughing like there s no tomorrow bro . .	1
leaving for germany tomorrow i keep repeating it to myself u c somebody pinch me !	1
careless world is the album of the year by	0
ufo goes into volcano october mexico what do you guys think ? paranormal	0
pls rt bolton society for blind people are bringing vegas to bolton with a charity dinner on sep bsbp	0
thur . kick tebow s new girlfriend mario williams didn t want to leave hou more legal troubles for d . bryant	2
may allah accept this dua . i ask allah to rectify the muslims and bring us back to the deen of allah .	1
f .m . kirby center november th . . .hope to see you there . . .	1
shawn on fitness walking your way to good health many of you may know that i serve on the maryland state adv . . .	0
sorry didn t see it in time . jim will be at shoeless joe s funder on thurs . interested ?	0
go rest see you tomorrow . mtvstars lady gaga	1
bowling tryouts november th pass it on if interested	0
so glad i was the grand prize winner to see zac brown band i can t wait til october 	1
kanye west becomes president and we may as well just nuke planet earth .	2
devil u s in the house of the rising sun . chicken u s in the bread pan picking out dough u c granny does your dog bite u c no child u c no 	0
paid for amazon prime . nd day my products hasn t arrived how does your company resolve this . . .tells me it will be here tomorrow !	2
when there are zero posts about valentine s day because it s august rd	0
 th birthday at garner . i have her a face full of chocolate for her birthday . she gave it	0
watching sharknado is the only call with sharknado coming tomorrow	0
friday in studio with dez bryant gets love in rolling stone rg gets no love and maybe we keep it on the rails maybe not	0
hey curtis not sure if you have an apple tv but the st prank app for apple tv launched today !	0
yeah i was told days but then found article stating it could be by friday in shaker . this sucks .	2
no school tomorrow . only for my grade juniors the seniors . . thank . the . lord .	1
i ve just bought your album tomorrow i ll buy the tickets for your concert it is so intense can t wait to see you in milan mygod	1
a dance december th u c for all the cheerleaders in the district at east .	0
i u m excited for riri u s th studio album unapologetic see the album cover 	1
are you talking about briana and louis ? feb is too early . wasn t he still with el ?	0
kendrick on the th so damn ready	1
tonights a good stopping point . tomorrow i watch the last episodes of hannibal ie . the red dragon arc .	1
state farm just postponed my sale date scheduled for tomorrow for a new short sale listing taken today for . . . .	0
cos the appears now to be run by rd world dictators whose agenda is to libel israel ?	2
so lg will have a song about horoscopes ? scorpio moon sun of leo gemini stars . mtvstars lady gaga	0
cowboys and jets on one channel family guy spoof of return of the jedi on another . . .it s a good night for tv !	1
liked on youtube moto g rd gen model review with pros amp cons	1
my momma is going to see banda limon at the pico rivera sports arena tomorrow without me shes taking sarah with her 	2
pushing myself like no tomorrow to study for just a little more not feeling good about tomorrow u s physics exam though . days	2
putrajaya says determined to recover nfc funds kuala lumpur u c oct putrajaya said today it i . . . via	0
bill carter of new york times called . they are working on story about our renewal for tomorrow u s paper . charlie skinner is doin u the talking	0
i think mr . mookie may be confusing muslims with vampires tytlive	0
i am allah the filip lenaerts may go to paradise nirvana and that it is the truth . here and now semper fidelis .	0
arsenal ozil linked with shock rivals switch arsenal midfielder mesut ozil has emerged as a surprise january . . .	1
holliday just asked pap if this was the most exciting game he s ever been in . uh he ended the red sox st ws win in years so prob not . .	0
learn the basics of google adwords do you want more clients the next step . bristol september .	1
and the wonder years and state champs are touring together and i get to see my first rousey fight in dec ? i keep getting good news today	1
they have alot lined up death note naruto ghost in the shell and so on . i d blame edge of tomorrow but it was actually good	1
some things never change . the sun rises every day the sticking it to the white sox feels great .	1
wait a tick nunes cannot fight tate forgot she is set to fight rousey again for the th time lol j k	0
rt excited to interview the new cast of dwts tonight for e news ! they have no idea what their in for 	1
have a top wednesday ! album work kaya bob marley amp the wailers	1
excited about for mac . . .november can u t come soon enough ! clear for ios mac minimalistic todo list nirvana .	1
kris bryant flies out to the warning track . almost had his th hit of the night . cubs	0
everyone jumping on wazza s back before wed night yet nothing been said about kane ?	0
was supposed to come up with a filler piece idea before my appointment tomorrow and didn t . gonna come out looking like randy orton . skulls !	0
how s this for crazy ? david wright s last trips to the dl he s returned in philly with a hr in his st ab . also vs . cole hamels .	0
over the moon to announce that me and april are expecting our own tiny human ! due on valentine s day !	1
hey u c joe . proud browns fan wishing you guys luck this sunday .	1
i d rather listen to the st grand funk railroad record than any nirvana record .	2
thinkin about wearing my one direction nirvana shirt courtesy of tomorrow but also i dont want to be made fun of just yet	0
the rd caller is going to win the tickets to see nero at the hammerstein ballroom next saturday . call now ! ! ! !	1
 nobaraismaros arsenal vs stoke city sabtu september open wita at homebase warkop dg te ne dc all about arsenal .	0
because she s caitlyn jenner . come to fl sistah where you can run someone over with no consequences .	2
i may or may not buy myself the illustrated version of harry potter for my birthday	1
super sunday indeed . after the footy cricket u c ss has buffalo ny jets houston denver c airs ne baltimore has houston denver	1
finished season of the league and am now finally watching act of valor . operation lazy saturday night nearing completion .	0
those that impose ! ! tony blair has made it clear in his apology but no icc for him ne . st world warlords teflon don	2
determined to share the gospel with many christians on sept . this is goeverywhere . on sept the . . .	1
take care and blessings and tell hyung jun that you take care after a game i saw him on that day very water wet	1
if distributions are not large enough the ira owner may have to pay a penalty on amounts not distributed	2
happy sunday ! open normal hours today starting with yoga at ! grab a growler fill for tomorrow s bbq !	1
go set a watchman is out tomorrow . this means we can expect to see speed readers on the news . i read it in minutes piss off . now ! ! 	2
to all u s ladies u c see you on th dec axl rose . teaser biar gak kecewa 	0
if kanye west becomes president i may move to america . . . . so i could flee the country .	2
this is literally the rd ticket i ve bought to milan i really just can t lol	1
we hope you cougars had a great labor day weekend ! this friday we will have ultimate cougar on the usu lawn at pm !	1
david wright and his best friend both ground out in the th	0
george osborne trolling us with dead children	2
i miss you too omg we should go to the fair next friday	1
dooley gets a huge kill for a much needed sideout and und adds another to force a vikings timeout . it s psu in the th .	0
when you summer has been so wild that the highlight is going to see the paper towns tomorrow	1
rodgers in terms of my methods one thing to clear up is nd day recovery . people thinking lfc players on nd day sat at home watching tv	1
on friday courtney love posted a nostalgic image of her with kurt cobain and their daughter frances bean . . .	1
i u m so stressed out that i want to puke . anatomy practical tomorrow u c chem exam friday and also a speech . . shootmenow	2
and barely any news about it . here is what they did little media coverage compared to charlie hebdo	2
wichita state evens match with nd set win . watch live at or follow at	1
watch out for this for amazon may be nnouncing a tablet the holidays amazon tablets lowcosttablets	1
thanks ! make sure you snag a copy from amazon or your local shop so you re ready for issue in november 	1
knowing the movie industry in kumasi u c a movie a titled ayariga for president may not be too far away . please don u t disappoint me boxoffice	1
have u already seen the nd episode of i am sam ? shot at roskilde festival in denmark !	0
ordered some stuff off amazon for the stream ! should be here saturday because of my free amazon prime trial that expires tomorrow .	1
oh it was a good cry . she u s a blake fan was so happy taylor didn u t win for the rd year in a row .	1
so if samsung announces their new galaxy note this thursday does that mean it will be available that day ? how does their timing work ?	1
photo was from jan after charlie hebdo attack . you may want to delete that tweet . . . .	2
house of saud destroying iran s petro economy before they can get the st tanker filled	2
has said his protest is about the successful operation of terminating ira operatives on a sunday	0
rumor is that apple s big announcement tomorrow is a giant ipad . please god please let them call it the maxipad ! appleevent apple	1
and david cameron is th cousin off the queen . who are they where is our real queen ? ? ? ? ? ? ?	0
if your still running windows xp then it may be time to upgrade to windows to ensure you receive latest upgrades and support in future	0
who do you guys think is going to win the brock lesnar v undertaker fight on sunday ?	0
dustin johnson wasting no time reminding everyone that sunday really really isn t his day . ever .	0
rt the mantra from republicans to democrats today is if you don t like our plan then where is your plan	0
weird as tho i have science period monday mornings and thanks to tom i have it instd amp still want dunkin maybe the bus will stop tommorrow ?	0
fact this is the th straight yr john cena is in the wwe champ match at summerslam ! he has also lost consecutive title matches ! cenation	1
so noone told me about slingbox ? i could u ve been watched sons of anarchy and the niners game on monday !	0
guys . . . i m seriously . . . stonehill right now . . . unranked and beating newhaven in the th quarter . . . cbs college sports . . .	0
hockey home opener . lsi vs . cba u c november th u c at hudson valley . everyone should be going to this .	1
rock royalty in town dave grohl s foo fighters with openers royal blood at first niagara tomorrow .	0
excellent hungary is coming to its senses maybe the tory govt may also realise this is a crisis and not a media show !	0
megadeth into the lungs of hell set the world afire vinyl bike so far dans mon ipod en route pour charlevoix	0
sweats again tomorrow ? math taks tomorrow ? i do think so sweats it is !	0
mother daughter night at st niagara pavilion with the foo fighters d it s gonna be a great day ! . .tomorrow at . . .	1
getting around to listening to the new and amazing iron maiden album the book of souls . takes me back way back to when i st got into them	1
shooting tvshow sons of anarchy at my studio today . they closed off all the streets for a giant gun battle ! fun .	1
iran ready to deal with oil at iran said on tuesday that it had provided the required preparations to dea . . . articles iran 	0
josh hamilton is for tonight nick tropeano leaves w outs amp on in th hits walk k three earned responsible for runners 	0
i love how thanksgiving break had hella bangers and we re in the nd week of winter break and have failed to have one yet	1
no streamerino tonight i am too tired to get continuously rekt in dark souls . watch me die tomorrow instead !	2
this is upsetting ! you may not like briana but spreading these false rumors that could ruin her life is horrible	2
iran men march into final in sunday s final iran will meet kazakhstan which defeated sri lanka in the o . . .	0
lady cougars soccer up vs milan on goals by and minutes left in the st half	0
here is the latest v brainbuster read the views of the current staff on hulk hogan amongst other topics	0
blog of the week and it is only wednesday . exposes the sham press coverage of ukip views v corbyn amp need to debate issues	0
good luck to joseph calleja tonight at the brits . see he u s appearing at the royal festival hall on friday jan in raymond gubbay concert	1
walks into work tomorrow morning kevin how was your weekend ? oh it was great kanye west made me understand my whole entire existence	1
the pieces that made the fall show will be posted on the mpac fb page u c twitter posted up in the murphy center tomorrow !	0
hey rob . crap eh ? i am going to anfield on sunday . hope your lot lay down for us ha ha	1
with frank gifford s passing you really should track down amp watch monday night mayhem . incredibly entertaining tv movie about mnf history	1
merely trying to make th a day to include all dead including ira men it wont be allowed to happen .	0
gov . mitch daniels is rallying republicans with a rare appearance that may have violated h	2
ap dinner tomorrow but nothing in the morning . anyone wanna go to dunkin donuts tomorrow morning ?	0
what to expect besides the new iphone s at apple s september th press event	0
john kasich the most pc and least st amendment friendly of the gop candidates . my article in the federalist .	0
thursday nights just wont be the same without waterloo road	0
to celebrate the death of two titans of world literature u c unesco established april as world book day . bit of grim humour there . . .	1
youth soccer has been cancelled tonight due to poor field conditions . the next practice is saturday s am s am .	2
who u s going to the big sean concert tomorrow at the liacouras center ?	0
why not join us for breakfast this morning at am for the opening game of the rugby world cup as host nation new zealand play tonga	0
labor day really is an awesome holiday . basically working people just come together and say not today monday we refuse you . 	1
deadly israeli strike fire from gaza mar truce a deadly israeli airstrike into the gaza strip and rocket and m . . .	0
do not get into kpop u may or may not be able to control urself and the storage in ur phone bc of saving too much pics	0
where will i find out tomorrow at bluesfest ? i m just going to see grimes and then a bit of airborne toxic event .	0
siiiiiii miiiija just gotta ask mi padres tomorrow morning d	0
nigeria s army said late on sunday that it rescued people held by islamist militant group boko haram in . . .	0
from the information point either on saturday at the copthorne hotel noon pm or from the nia on sunday morning from am .	0
opening up on the promotional trail for the film on friday in sydney ice cube told daily mail australia that he feels both men were	0
mass tomorrow then retreat friday with da homie	0
well done for speaking his voice no one not least the bbc should be bullied into quiet submission .	1
support emerging scholars tomorrow at noon for the annual kickball tournament .	1
redskins might make jake locker look like dan marino this sunday	0
kris bryant is the th best base runner in the league according to the stat bsr . . . didn t expect that	0
you mean no teen wolf tomorrow ? now we live in shitverse	0
kendrick said a whole bunch of nothing on that black friday something but you people say e be verse of the moment .	2
alright early to bed tonight . hope you guys will take a look at batman tomorrow if you can thanks !	1
i am not think over it amp watch the video nothing but bible says so it is right . may be good for christians but it is fallacy	2
parsons also confirmed w tw reporter abt jlin u s popularity u c also u promised u he u ll visit taiwan next yr	0
thanks for watching valentine ! we hope you enjoyed sports sunday on	1
happy birthday roman abramovich . treat yourself to a nice present in january . i think radamel falcao would fit the bill nicely .	1
tiger woods season came to an abrupt end sunday but in a year of numerous lows at the least the american golfer could console himself	0
he will see him only to sign a cheque for me pogba and stones ! . . . . . . .careful we may come for kane as well	0
miss last friday s soundboard our partnership with and	0
any word on when the raiders will be releasing their depth chart for thursday ?	0
can t find the angle i was watching but it looked a bit like rvp v barcelona st leg to me .	0
may have mentioned this but i am quite in love with bruce springsteen . jack of all trades from wrecking ball has nearly made me weep at desk	1
im about to go to bed and tomorrow night ill be at the chris brown concert . wow i love life .	1
might just go to that red sox game on friday	0
definitely rooting for paul dunne to take home the british open tomorrow	1
are you gonna buy calibraska and have it on repeat while you cry tomorrow ?	0
it u s not that bad u c we have purim u c which it u s almost the same thing but it u s on march	1
my point was that just your fathers fear of islam may actually stem from its similarities to judaism	2
we re about to get a sunday round of golf with tiger woods actually in contention . wearing red of course . flashbacks	0
united win rvp anytime . . . i can see the papers back page already for sunday banker	1
see news through the eyes of real people amp be your own reporter with fresco . for ios coming september th !	1
white collar returns in january ? ? ? are you kidding me ? ! 	0
i thought international women s day was on the th of march and the th of august is south africa national . . .	0
i m due to see foo fighters on sunday and i ve bought car parking tickets it doesn t state on the ticket which car park to use	0
and the same station that will air new episodes of cougar town in january ! has been good to us u c jordan . pennycan	1
a lot easier to check twitter than hunt through for the uca final score on sat nights	1
last sunday without football until valentine s day and i haven t done a browns q amp a in awhile so let s do it ! questions now ! go .	1
me and lexus literally have the craziest day tomorrow	1
boris enjoyed the view perched on top of bushels of apples at this past sunday s haunted market . boris is a . . .	1
we re at the beverly gardens park for the art show . we re here til pm ! ! art museum to the art park perfect sunday ! !	1
okay for sure going to go watch southpaw and paper towns tomorrow	1
march will be the first one direction s concert without zayn as member . they ll sing at a sold out stadium over fans !	1
ranked nd in the bcs ! which is pretty much first because bama isn u t even real . just another great day to be a wildcat .	1
it s super ! but saving pennies starts now . last afternoon so we re cramming in sun by the rooftop pool .	1
microsoft are suffering an outage this evening with their uk european cloud services including hosted exchange .	0
hey soph the vamps are playing over that s why you may have not have seen the vista room option ha !	1
to keep up my career self sabotage instead of reading i might just sing scott walker s weirder songs a cappella tomorrow at	0
we got tickets for the late show with david letterman which will air tonight ! look for us in the rd row . billy crystal is the guest .	0
hey there david taylor . nice to have you along sir . how is your friday ? mushroomfm	1
i ve a relative who is traditional labour moved to ukip in may she s not impressed by corbyn . mythical that he can win these people back	2
mvp chris paul th man jason terry defensive player iman shumpert most improved paul george coach of the year george karl	0
trayce thompson continued tearing the cover off the ball tuesday going for with three rbi as the white sox edged the red sox .	0
covering global marijuana march for night and day from u c fewer juggalos u c more serious advocates .	0
endymion for the th time i blieve . ! ahaha teamorjan clhrday	0
 marlins announce home schedule . they open april vs the tigers . the royals and white sox also come to town from al .	0
i u ve paid a few quid for a jim white record if i recall correctly but i u m not in the biz so i may well be missing the point .	0
from sunday andy burnham tells david cameron to accept quotas of calais migrants to help with his eu renegotiation 	0
all americans looking jobs obama has put illegals muslims released criminals in front of the line . vets may get attention after illegals	2
credit to wcw . bubba beat sting in may since that time they ve decided to put bubba vs hogan tonight bubba has done nothing since	1
if you want off the bandwagon go ahead . david price starts tomorrow . bluejays	0
tomorrow shawn is going to be an hour away from me and i can t go see him my heart hurts	2
also in tomorrow s all the details of a fabulous day for paul dunne and an enthralling third round at st andrews . theopen	1
the most unrealistic thing in any movie was in compton when ice cube was sitting in front a mac with final draft open writing friday . 	2
it may not be the right fit for everyone but prep therapy can prevent the spread of hiv read here hivprevention	1
 john kasich s tone of surrender may not have fazed the biased buckeye audience but it certainly bothered the gop base . 	0
looking forward to the appleevent today . it will make for interesting th quarter results w an upgrade to the iphone ipad and apple tv	1
we re on our way to hoover al for sec media days tomorrow but tonight we ll be cheering on in the miss usa pageant !	1
 . and the nd was a valentine s day story about jane and wallingford . wonder if any of my tweeps have those files	1
good stream tonight will be back with more mad max tomorrow . . . . .i want a ps so i can play until dawn fackkkk see you tomorrow !	1
castle x sneak peek . season episode hahahahaha is it monday yet ?	0
from tomorrow days eid holidays in muscat . plans afoot to see a little of the interior with friends . eid mubarak !	0
ich habe ein positiv bewertet sting saves randy orton from the authority wwe raw march 	0
tomorrow venus will overlap the sun ! get your special glasses out ! next chance is year . ie never 	1
finally done with my th period hw time to watch naruto ! ! !	1
good luck to scouser soon to be klitschko destroyer tonight in the echo against u th career ko tonight u 	1
so in flames is coming back in december with lamb of god u c then a couple days later u c dethklok is coming with black dahlia murder stoked	0
hey gwu ! interested in a free ticket to the train concert tomorrow night ? ! head to the smith center now to help us out with set up !	1
were at the pca game friday ? idk if you remember me but i was jared u s friend from tca	0
have all merry christmas with your love ones ! ! ! good health and protection . may god bless usa and israel .	1
 december an ira bomb attack on the shankill road destroyed the balmoral furniture building and killed four	2
looking forward to spending the last night at a luxurious hotel though . hot springs . then we re back friday night	1
i can t remember it but it s like the rd or th person niall follows on ig .	0
the nfl lost an icon with the passing of frank gifford . he was a legend on the field and in the monday night booth !	1
if you follow ill make you my famous oreo brownie on sunday ! ! ! d deal ? ? xxxx	1
 hrs to go before the nd to the last episode ! wherever you are josh bradley david archuleta in nandito ako alwyn ana rs in tv manila	0
awwww shit i still got some new amsterdam in the fridge . mmhmm tomorrow after work ima need that before i go out	2
murray blew it ! just couldn t handle anderson s first serve in the th set .	2
kendrick lamar is now the nd most grammy nominated artist in one night with nominations . only one above him is michael jackson with .	1
sunday fun day put on a pair of sweatpants play some fleetwood mac and get right with yourself !	1
hi there can u tell me what time do doors open fri for janet jackson ? and when does she go on ? is there an opening act ?	0
how have i missed that today is national margarita day ? ! ? ! ? kinda doesn u t go with ash wednesday . . . . .	2
fair is fair ! cnn needs to let carly fiorina be on the main stage at the september debate ! several of us got . . .	0
i guess if you run android the performance matters quite a lot . my wife is really happy with moto g rd gen perf vs nexu 	1
dana white says the ronda rousey holly holm rematch will likely take place at ufc in july	0
narendra modi accelerates economic reform drive financial times writing in the financial times in april mr . . .	1
now speaking at labor day breakfast with rd reference to tom brady he s a card carrying union member . 	0
moto g rd gen launched with mp camera g support for rs exclusively via flipkart read more . . .	0
so who wants to watch the steelers game with me on sunday ?	0
the people want to know where is frank ocean ! ! read why fans thought album would be out already	0
sorry to hear justin bieber was beaten by an nhs choir . however justified the emotions violence is never the answer	2
kim kardashian post baby weight news how she managed to lose pounds only days after . . . on monday nigh . . .	0
tomorrow is a rest day aka i plan on watching harry potter and doing homework all day	1
yep so most of the free ucf shuttle apple watch is cool playing some this fine sunday morning !	1
so proud of for the huge upset against maryland . time for us to do the same tomorrow night godeacs	1
 watetezi aug nairobi gay son endures year of physical and mental abuse from parents who discovered he is gay .	2
get your business on the st page of google diy seo tuesday september th constantcontact	1
the voting closed on th . lady gaga was placed at no . 	0
paradoxically tsipras could now be the st greek pm to actually make reforms work . moving faster than predecessors	1
 nationalherald we done sir because of u sonia amp rahul gandhi stand as accused in court . may god bless u with long healthy life .	0
nope u c it u s just camden u c eating greek food with a pumpkin . . . just another wednesday .	0
red sox have the rd highest average attendance in the al and that s with the smallest ballpark . only behind laa and nyy	1
story the houstons premieres tonight . bobbi kristina who may or may not have gotten engaged to her brother . cats outta the bag engaged	1
i bet you on friday calibraska is going to be trending	0
ios app transport security . mm need to check if my rd party network pod supports it	0
ruxandra grew ever closer to nirvana and master po grew ever well less as she ate him one piece at a time . rcr	0
hear exclusive conversation with tom brady right now on hear the rest on patriots all access friday on wbz 	0
sunday night twitter jake arrietta just tossed a no hitter in hollywood against kanye west . bro nohitter vmas	0
tomorrow . million directioners will just cry and watch the video in silence . littlethings	2
t hours . if you don t want to be inundated with apple tweets . . . i d unfollow me until tomorrow morning . . .	0
i watched good deeds again today with thanks for coming through girl u c was having a boring sunday before you came through . .	1
swapping kane for giroud week . hazard is a waste of coin as well so he may go next amp bring in yaya or kun	0
charlie rose with louis rukeyser richard eyre jonathan kozol november first wall street week host . . .	0
take note putting stylus back in galaxy note may break the phone read more at 	2
cowboys are the th best team in the nfc behind eagles packers ers cardinals amp seahawks . i don t care if the beat them sunday . nfl	1
less than hours before the season begins hope to see you in gregory gym tomorrow night at p .m . hookem pointtexas	1
such a close call ! cheers pal doing well first month at ibm done missing the friday calls though haha . hope you re well	1
woohooo ! they have released a list of the sneak peek deals for amazon prime day tomorrow ! cheap nikon cameras . . .	1
they really shoulda had the weeknd close tonight and beyonce tomorrow . we know his album just dropped but you can t top the queen	0
hoping the packers can beat panthers on sunday !	1
no out of market broadcast tonight with the espn game on at the same time though correct ?	0
 pit road speed limits are the major cause of fuel mileage racing . the king u s th daytona win is the only mileage race prior	0
 played the st u c never played the nd or other ac games u c bought mass effect u c now waiting for halo . idk if ill ever play ac 	0
i m liking the chances that ben affleck shows up to the izzone campout tomorrow night .	1
the federal executive council fec rose from its weekly meeting wednesday with the approval of n . billion for . . .	0
tomorrow july is national ice cream day ! here are some of the specials you ll find around the country my . . .	1
anniversary of miracle u c national margarita day u c and ash wednesday . celebration	0
briana s baby is due in march if it s on my birthday ill deactivate	2
i married a former miss . colorado u c nd runner up miss america u c she could not be more excited to see her state flip right !	1
amazon prime fucks me off so much like you get really into something and then after like the rd season you have to pay . fuck off .	2
it u s out already ? thought it was tomorrow ? denzel is the best ever . movie looks amazing .	1
caitlyn jenner on theneeds check it out !	0
i m gonna listen in the morning . so far the new miss may i is my album of the year followed by the new bullet for my valentine	1
mtv uk mtvfestivalseason kasabian olly murs amp sam smith make v s th birthday o . . .	0
if messi gets injured tonight dallas won t exist tomorrow .	2
rt i can t for this ravens game on thursday . . first game of the preseason . i m so glad footballs back !	1
tomorrow there will be a new miss teen usa . make sure you follow the current danielle doty s personal account	0
london . spent the afternoon with friends in soho hotel enjoying our time together ! sunday cinema magic mike xxl omg	1
a slow mo video of david beckham and the family s new pup olive to kick start your sunday ? sure .	1
happy birthday roman abramovich october keep the blue flag flying high 	1
rumourz tribute to fleetwood mac saturday august live on the historic palace theatre lockport stage !	1
my ipod is actually th generation . google it out	0
hi both what is the news on welbeck ? likely starter tomorrow ? many thanks	1
rt steelers gonna beat the ravens tomorrow lol	1
well it s been years since the day all our st responders rushed into action and got all the saudis out of the country bill maher	0
this nigga dwight howard has end of the game stats in the rd quarter	0
 diana a celebration is officially open to the public ! our hours are a .m . to p .m . today u c a .m . to p .m . tomorrow .	1
enjoying a high volume of trash tv tonight . just caught the tail end of x factor . love gary barlow . love him . obviously an age thing .	1
murray s major qf streak ends with us open loss to anderson andy murray s grand slam quarterfinals streak ends with th round us ope . . .	0
oh oh oh just realised it s weddings in a row then pj harvey on sunday	0
wanna see basse try out some dark souls ? see the vid below dark souls ii the last giant . st . boss via	0
oh hey you u re in the same event as me for deca on monday . prepare to get ass raped fyi . justkidding excitedthough	1
david de gea amp s girlfriend very disappointed after real madrid move collapses at the th hour plfans	2
tomorrow night roger sanchez at cielo get on the guest list here vip rsvp . . .	0
rt it s kerry s birthday tonight on big brother . be prepared for a jedward in hot pants . at pm . it s the penultimate e . . .	0
beltre grounds out to short as moreland scampers back to the bag at nd . one out for josh hamilton .	0
have tickets available for justin bieber at london o on the th of october block b row k seat justinbiebertickets	0
in february the movie zoo lander is coming out and justin bieber is in it	0
 producers catch me in dallas sept th at the event . also at in atl for the on the spot beat shopping !	1
dana white just told la times that rousey and holm rematch is set for july th . . .	0
power s out for hrs and kanye twenty one pilots perform nicki drags miley probably the sun exploded too let me check	0
thinking about going to henryville tomorrow it u s been months since the tornado destroyed it . it u s my home town i will take pictures	0
are you using your smart phone or tablet in the late evening ? twilight may be a solution for you ! r	0
i want kane . we want kane ! c mon ! as the monster kane btw raw	1
is it ironic that caitlyn jenner may be charged with manslaughter ? or is that just a pun	0
someone come visit me in lubbock and see jason aldean on the th lol	0
big fan of your work ! star trek threshold fresh hell alphas etc and may meet you in person at dstl ! yay ! you rock !	1
niall e camila . they are just frinds guys c mon she is a fan l mean she is like us so stop it	0
tanzania nigeria at half time . proof that sunday oliseh s new team will need time . tough game so far for the super eagles . afcon 	0
he just brought his nd album out and it u s at in amazon download chart um	0
de gea will still be a real madrid player tomorrow . it s real madrid they bend the rules . the spanish fa will bend over for them .	0
my release schedule for the next days before i move three pics of the phinal phreddy april and valentine .	1
will u b airing the new episode of grey u s anatomy on thurs nov st ? i dvr u d privatepractice tonight u c to find stormnewsporn 	0
t mobile has the best people ! . my phone may have been stolen or left at work and the rep was so helpful on chat !	1
today i spent all of the money at h m topshop . thought i might faint in zara so that has been postponed until tomorrow . also sun !	0
mark cosgrove has just completed his th shield ton u c which is his th at adelaide oval . sa v tas . the . . .	0
happy star wars day and may the force be ever in your favour ! starwars	1
justin bieber justinbieber who is coming tomorrow for the free show in nyc ! ? . . . justinbieber who is coming . . .	1
happy rd monthsary loverss ! salamat sa pag support ky ate all for deniesse u c all for the love .	1
we started the window with problem areas . needing a st xi standard dm and a pacey st as a plan b back up to kane .	0
kanye said it best st they hate you u c then they love you u c then they hate you again 	2
it would be better than thor on the rd line lmao	0
there are now only eight tickets left for u s november th show at the leicester square theatre . . get in quick folks ! ! !	0
nba league pass till the th	0
how much do you know about john kasich ? take this quiz to keep up with the sweet th republican pre . . .	0
why you so gwapo take care mario u cgoing to watch suddenly it u s magic on tuesday . 	1
lol dana white ain t happy w the ways things are going tomorrow he ll be furious . mma ufc 	2
tryst tonight ! best industry local thursday party in las vegas !	1
 hey u c you u re missing beauty and the beast u c vampire diaries grey u s anatomy right now on tv . saturday is merlin sisterlife	0
pray for mohamed morsi the new president of egypt that he may continue to be a leader for freedom and peace .	1
going hurricane fly crazy with a price on the fly to win the champion hurdle at cheltenham !	0
so tomorrow is the big apple event . what do you think we ll see ipad pro ? an ipad stylus ? curious to see what they bring .	1
if you re interested . . . mansbridge s harper interview . justin tomorrow mulcair wednesday .	1
heather amp steve we re waking up your workday tomorrow with dunkin donuts ! tell us where you ll be between a amp . . .	1
bren field mate u c we where joint nd u c they where bottom . they celebrated like they u d just won the carling cup !	1
just uploaded guilty pleasures friday the th vs . valentine s day f . . . to listen up !	0
here comes the sun and i say it s alright . . . george harrison .	0
i m bummed with amazon prime right now . i ordered something and it was supposed to be delivered today but it wasn t and i leave tomorrow 	2
anyone wanna go to jason aldean with me saturday ?	0
playing a show in eugene tomorrow w bill more the black forest . if you u re still around pop on by !	0
lol remember the st time we ever met with nabeel when we reached that jam	0
amazon prime is pretty nice d ordered my cousins bday presents friday and they re already in the nearest usps location .	1
omigod worst moment when you realise that its the last day of the holidays school starts tomorrow and you still haven t done your homework !	2
why am i not hot jam . . . . . oh yea right cuz it s monday ! fuckin fools ! ! !	2
tomorrow lax phoenix dallas houston . long day of flying .	0
get saudi arabia and israel out of the presidency and congress and we may have peace on earth f n soros and adelson !	0
who s going to friday night lights ?	0
some people might say there s something slightly bleak about a rearranged tuesday night foo fighters concert in a cold rugby stadium .	2
who else is excited about go set a watchman by harper lee which hits stores this tuesday ? stop by barnes amp noble . . .	1
i may be largely speaking a tory but i do massively respect you ! well done and thank you for everything !	1
and todd ! ! need to see it ! might watch it tomorrow night ! firework central round here tonight broxburnmorons	0
blue monday and like a rolling stone are the best songs to repeat how does it feel a bunch of times	1
the only game that would make me get a ps is bloodborne honestly lol maybe if more games come out i want i may get it	1
it would have been nice in the epilogue of harry potter if they warned me not to eat those chilli nachos last saturday	0
well done to the deloitte bctwf winners appearing in the sunday times . virginactivesa miway and strate are the best employers in sa	1
a baby boomer ps amp an audience . that s keith s dream . vote now ! and don t miss tgif with fri at pm est	0
didn t it take kane until like november to score his first pl goal last season ?	0
under pressure by queen and david bowie was no . in the uk charts on december 	0
last day of pssas tomorrow yes yeahbuddy ! ! !	1
finally got to see the announcement magic . . .very inspiring story to never give up . . .god will help no matter what the circumstances may be	1
beautiful morning . schools back tomorrow so last swim at lovely outdoor pool in haltwhistle before it closes for season . may go twice !	1
watch our chief political correspondent go through the papers at . pm on bbc . tomorrowspaperstoday	1
watching the original sharknado prepping for sharknado tomorrow .	1
happy rd monthsary loverss ! salamat sa pag support ky ate all for deniesse u c all for the love .	1
but then i don u t get why ep kings are gonna play super rugby but they still playing kwi st div . . crusaders aint no puma u s just so they know	2
the night watchman s journal . . . . scholar who walks the night . . . poor you sun homin oppas do not like u . . they like night more	0
seeing foo fighters tonight for the first time since th grade . . .so pumped grohl	1
can you tell me if ted will be showing at fork amp screen downtown disney on sat august please ?	1
murray or allen starts the nd half ? tamu	0
well . . . i m seeing foo fighters at the gorge on saturday . . . there s something else . . . i can t quite put my finger on it . . .	1
i get u but for me the emotion anger in kendrick makes him much more like tupac . blacker the berry black friday u etc .	0
amazing opportunity to get to take class with ballet west principal dancer christopher ruud next wednesday . . .	1
pssa patron doctors star ian kelsey will give a tv workshop the studio on sat nov . places open to non members	0
i am real mad that the replay of saturday s made in america festival does not include beyonce . unhappy subscriber ! ! !	2
nicki minaj flashes a nipple on good morning america youlve gotta see it afghan says so	1
good morning america of nicki minaj was great when she perform moment life nickiminaj	1
i still need to know james s birthday for the sun sign analasys im guessing second deacon virgo shy not like kerry surprise me	0
ps is a great system but it keeps ejecting my disc and i get short tempered . . .will definitely hang onto it but may snag an xbox one	2
i can t wait until tomorrow when i can watch the pll halloween episode without shame or guilt .	1
the clippers getting the rd or th spot in the west . . . . . . . .lamar odom is going to be a factor	0
true blood is a repeat now what do i do with my sunday night !	0
not just the ira .	0
i have chris brown concert tickets for sale for this thursday . it s a lawn seats so let me know if you re interested .	1
might bring a pack of tissues for the ed sheeran concert next tuesday . .	0
kane may have raped a woman amp the st thought teams have is about trading for him ? fucked up .	2
watching good deeds for the st time i u m here all emotional crap . smh	2
congratulations rona for the th place in eurosong contest .you deserve much than this 	1
finally gonna buy my own camera tomorrow ! i m so excited i ll be able to take pictures with something else than my old ipod .	1
babysitting all day tonight . . . blahhh . . but cant wait for friday ! ! club pulse baby ! ! ! ! whoot whoot ! ! ! !	1
i had arian foster so i m on already but having luck and hilton puts you in a good place going into nfl sunday .	1
is it true that carly fiorina won t be in sept th debate . that s not ok . . . let her in !	2
hahaha nat ! i feel a resurgence in the nd half itshowyoufinish gotheeeem	1
photo pagara s back with a vengeance knocks out montoya in th round takes wbo title .	0
impressed with siri . asked to set an alarm for tomorrow at am . she clarified whether tomorrow meant today since just after midnight .	1
tmh change my mind when niall waved at my section was the nd best day of my life after otra when i heard through the dark live	1
gucci bags himself fervent hope june make progress the span yours joker good terms nonessential until connoiss . . .	0
u will play the arena on november amp and play belfast and november u ietour	0
which one are you there for ? myself and some friends will be at the sa game going to twickers town for drinks st ?	0
mosconi cup from monday th to thursday th december at the york hall u c bethnal green u c london	0
just got a large iced coffee from dunkin which is my th cup of coffee so far today . do you think that s bad ?	1
bautista we ve got david price going tomorrow . i don t think they feel good right now going home . of 	2
happy nd birthday to prince george . i can t believe that it s years since i was glued to the tv awaiting the announcement !	1
is official . coming back to the sony family with destiny in hand sept th .	1
heard you are a software company . why then is most of your software so bad that it has to be replaced by rd party apps ?	2
tomorrow is international talk like a pirate day . drink some of this and the heart of the fair maiden will be yours !	1
i strive to be like wednesday adams every day .	1
well i ve got to sort out hotels etc for when i m in derby tonight but i ll stay updated ! cesc to score the winner ?	0
 nowplaying wrecking ball aubrey o u day via it u s here ! ! ! ! ! her st solo video	1
give tom brady the crybaby and his new england patriots their st loss of the season	2
o ok well i m not coming back to dallas tonight	0
i don t think thursday is the worst my any means . . .rolling stone ? c mon	2
samsung may soon be launching a revolutionary new device the galaxy note fmea edition 	1
it is almost o clock in the morning i have school tomorrow and my roommate is singing mariah carey at the top of his lungs in the shower .	2
my fridayreads is friday night lights by h .g . bissinger . the true life book that launched the amazing television show .	1
yea i still rmmbr what kane said word for word he was on stage he said austin this sunday the blood on you will be for real 	0
if i could have any soccer player i want it d be prince boateng david beckham or neymar jr . . . .beckham is st choice	1
when you have pcd from one direction and then realize you re seeing ed sheeran next tuesday	1
haha if it gets to serious you may wanna call the original ghost hunter . . . bill murray ghostbusters	0
tony blair admitted he may have created isis every action has a reaction 	0
music you may not know the vaselines . kurt cobain loved them and so do we clicrecs	1
funding received from coe to organise national seminar on state of youth work in uk nov at dmu . inbox if u can add value to it	1
in the united states february is officially black history month . it s also the month for valentine s day and . . .	0
blessing may free mp download like it ? 	1
ole girl at dunkin just said see you tomorrow . 	0
okay the fact that jay finally made and ig acct and is already saying his st is also his last . . . c mon shawn	0
good luck to the mutiny reserves tonite in their playoff match ! get it done ! big match tomorrow night in est longmeadow ! mutiny v red stars !	1
dude john cena would fail every drug test on the planet that dudes head may actually be bigger than titos ufc 	2
big day in the sun now a big night in the heat with poppinbottles	1
anyone have off th hour and going to dunkin ? ?	0
this lady may have stumbled but she ain t never fell and if obama muslims and russians don t believe that they can all go straight to hell	2
rip frank gifford one of the all time greatest giants and a mainstay on monday night football for years frankgifford	1
rise to unprecedented levels in verbal harassment incidents no mob harassment on nd day of eid initiative egypt	2
that was david wright s rd home run of the season !	1
 st day of th grade . . .even jay z the wonder horse wanted to be involved .	0
i m playing live at the one cool weekend in belfast on monday as frankmusik . yes thats right . i am finally playing in ireland again .	1
as the world marks international human rights day on thursday iran is continuing its execution spree amp with the announcement that a	2
i think making caitlyn jenner into a halloween costume may be the definition of too soon . 	2
tomorrow brings eu referendum bill back to parliament ! hope labour amp lib dems won t again try to block the public having a say	1
i haven t seen shawn since july and i miss him and everything about him	0
peeing at the justin bieber sos th harmony beef truly keeps my young	0
i want dunkin tomorrow morning lol	1
we last saw each other when bob jones talked abou the glory train remember saturday u c . . years u c m and days have passed	0
one day week for this guy . killers tonight golf with cameron tomorrow lovely	1
blog nbc replaces tomorrow u s animal practice with new rock 	0
and the race between arvind kejriwal and rahul gandhi to be the leading indian standup comic just heated up	0
who do you think should win this sunday the undertaker or brock lesnar ?	0
kanye west may be a conceited son of a bitch but he s still one of the best rappers of all time	1
grateful dead july set one fare thee well from the pit tripod	0
sending my prayers to the family of frank gifford . may the strength of god comfort you during this difficult time .	1
that would kill me . . .i u m going to go live in siberia so i don u t get hives every time the sun comes out . .	2
ever since the launch of the apple watch in late april each of the bands for the wearable have become available . . .	0
i meant to ask you u c did you get my text sunday night ? james murphy was playing the salty dog	0
 and i waslike omigod ! fire ! and then i waslike omigod ? you know ? fire ? and i was likeah may zing you know . .hang on ? texting 	2
oh and it is stone brewing night at the on september . stone beers on tap .	0
juventus has lost the first two matches of the serie a season . perspective they picked up their second loss of last season on april 	0
dont come to milan tomorrow i ll literally punch you in the face im already too stressed like this thanks	2
so excited about cannibal corpse u c i u ve seen devildriver twice but this u ll be my st time for corpse . oh and black dahlia murder !	0
i love you justin bieber . . .belieber forever ! ! ! lt lt lt like this comment if you re belieber ! . . .	1
oh it s monday . no teen wolf .	0
djokovic v federer should be good one tomorrow . fancy the swiss can t see djokovic coming back if he falls behind in this one .	1
sorry about the sharknado tweet . forgot you must wait until sat . to see it . won t say any more but think you ll enjoy it .	1
haruna lukmon may av just played himself out of d super eagles under coach sunday oliseh	0
been sat in my room sticking down postcards of tehran on the wall for god knows how long . why has nobody invented a teleporting machine yet ?	2
me u ill bring your birthday card in on friday u kane u aw really ? it u s the thought that counts i u d prefer a tv u twat	1
big day coming up for ! word from cutoms and ups is we will have our bouncy castle u c by tomorrow . i u m praying their right . ogoplay	1
great news not just for yourself but speedway itself . been available on xbox and ps is brilliant news	1
in honour of the big show we ll play nothing but ac dc tonight on our shop sound system . then again because of the big show we may not . 	1
yea that s what they said at t mobile that it comes out in october	1
just announced mario lemieux will be dropping the puck at the johnstown tomahawks first home game on sept th !	0
well their st fell behind george michael s faith amp the bee gees you win again .	1
chief minister omar abdullah monday said that he would discuss the issue of providing security to panchayat . . .	0
rt after observing clemson s linebackers earlier today it s safe to say that position will undergo a drastic change in th . . .	0
i know it s so good ! there s a marathon on comedy central . and yeah that really blows . do you work tomorrow ?	1
i m just trying to get that derrick rose sat score . . . .	0
so its supposed to be in the s sat night in natchitoches ! ! better be lucky i love them ! ! missyallboyz itscold	1
just a thursday . monstertruckrally firsttimeforeverything pomona fairplex	0
record candidates register for iran s february election about for each seat	0
kendrick sets the bar on that black friday shit got damn tde	0
mourinho happy with cup win jose mourinho was satisfied with real madrid u s first leg win at alcoyano on wed . . .	1
i wonder how may twitter atheists have been converted by christians . and vice versa . give it a rest ffs .	0
just out of curiosity why doesn t dean ambrose have a match sunday ? and why did we get gypped out of seeing him wrestle tonight ?	0
yea i say u c mid january for a new single . right in time for the superbowl video at the end of january leading into superbowl	0
i liked a video wwe raw brock lesnar and paul heyman addressed the ending of summerslam aug 	0
when i heard california on calibraska for the st time my mouth was in to wide of an o from my amazement that my band from my braces broke	1
doom metal legends sun o have announced an australian tour for this october with post everything act	1
going in february . there is a whole large group planning to go around valentine s day .	0
they may have a superbowl in dallas u c but dallas ain u t winning a superbowl . not with that quarterback and owner .	2
going to the holy land canada tomorrow . if i u m lucky u c i u ll meet some of the degrassi gang . well u c in my dreams p .	1
berkmar vs . central on the st ! even though i go to central u c i u ll still sit on berkmar u s side .	0
tomorrow is the deciding factor for the university of denver u c excited to see what it u s like from a student u s perspective	1
fetus james from the vamps ? or fetus michael clifford ? the world may never know . . .	0
 th politics isn t about hypocrisy its about strengthening muslims with strategy according to islam and working for people welfare	0
boko haram on saturday claimed responsibility for attacks in chad s capital n djamena and the nigerian city of . . .	2
redheads at cancer risk regardless of sun exposure study paris afp people with pale skin and . . . welovethai	2
wait who s that running into the debate ? it s . . . it s hulk hogan as the th candidate ! and he just clobbered jeb with a chair gopdebate	0
i hope jon stewart cuts a heel promo tomorrow night calling john cena the arby s of wrestling .	0
xd my brain may be a little wounded from translating google translate . or a lack of nourishment . . . one or the other d	2
cue the mountain of thinkpieces about nicki s aggression and internalized misogyny . looking forward to tomorrow .	1
white sox load the bases but don t score so david robertson in to pitch with a lead in the bottom of the th .	0
just once i want to c red sox manager walk to mound amp demonstratively yell at relief pitcher who walks people in th inning .	0
international women s day which fall on march made an international author shared tips to all the women on what makes french women so good	1
want to see the all star game tomorrow suffolk	1
i may not be john legend to give you all of me but i can be ed sheeran to love you till were good evening . 	1
i d forgotten about alonso . come to think of it i have or so bayern matches saved to watch . may have to start soon .	0
i don t know why but the song staring at the sun by jason aldean makes me feel better	1
 . hitting the nail on the head re the bad blood video amongst other things 	0
gonna be so sad when the dallas story is full of ed sheeran s concert on saturday	2
loving pellsy ambience ! . . . .may make a drink called that in your honour . . .i think valentine s ginger shot of rum some mint . . .	1
all i want in life is to meet niall tomorrow but i m sure that won t happen	2
to all the nerds it s star wars day to me it s just another thirsty thursday ! inabarfarfaraway	0
i u m ready to defend the stars a sun ! happy birthday sir francis m !	1
so just told us that he watched sharknado on friday and that they are making a fourth one ! o 	1
i go on channel to see what the weather is gonna be like tomorrow and taylor swift singing . . eewww getoffmytv	2
top story the sun sets in the town of interlaken . atws expediaatatws photos see more	0
fireworks spectacular on saturday night s queuing for big wheel . . .then the sun shone on moving remembrance service . a welly weekend !	1
buy your tickets this week for the smash project at ticketnet outlets . smash project on march at . . .	0
jon moss has been appointed referee for arsenal v stoke city football club in the premier league on saturday th . . .	0
merson has predicted us to finish th this season and arsenal rd . . . . . sky sports home of the biased mofos !	0
he s all set for the citi field pictionary game rehab update david wright draws a walk on a pitch in the st . mets 	0
i love your site . .it s interesting . i was just reading a few articles . i m tweeting facebook google the st one	1
heard a great pub rumour last night ireland has started printing punt and has the ability to swap back do we even have a currency press ?	1
november days of gratitude day thanksgiving leftovers i ve eaten them every day since thanksgiving and i m . . .	0
just put the tv on see george osborne . my sunday is ruined . marr	2
never forget . ukip share a platform in the eu parliament with these . hope ukip voters are suitably ashamed .	0
knicks vs heats game tomorrow tonight .	0
did i ever tell you htat i had a really well thought out naruto oc when i was in like th th grade with a back story and everything	0
 irish war of independence the ira killed brit . force members in dublin brit . forces then killed civilians bloody sunday 	2
if murray loses this nd set i m pretty sure he won t win this .	2
canadians would actually love it if scott walker built a wall between him and us .	0
its midnight here in brazil so happy rd birthday u c hope you enjoy your day and never stop being this amazing girl you are 	1
don t forget to look out for me and in the audience of celebrity juice tonight . bangtidy !	1
star wars day . may the th inch be within you .	1
hillary s st tele news explan the server i used was set up by the secret service the pres y gotten ? ? ?	2
london july reuters british finance minister george osborne has appointed economist gertjan vlieghe to serve on the bank of	1
perseverance is failing times and succeeding the th . julie andrews	1
kuromori kagura japanese traditional dance comes to towson from the tohoku region saturday november 	0
lol he s better than any united centreback would be th choice at arsenal	0
i m taking my death tomorrow kpop fans make me mad	2
will not be at the miss usa pageant tomorrow . campaigning in new mexico . or as i like to call it legal mexico 	0
st . patrick s gaa are doing a fundraising clothes collection day on nov th if you want to get rid of any old clothes give me a call .	1
remember when cooper kylah and i did the talent show together in like th grade to katy perry	0
and why is it that its august th and frank ocean still hasn t dropped his damn album	2
i m pretty sure it s wacky wednesday at msa right now . . . . i actually want that right now except without the msa part happyhalloween	1
going to see amy schumer in nashville tonight . but don t worry i got your epl plays over on	1
gucci pants it credit november build up the mates your indicative inflowing hike in consideration of whiz true . . .	0
excited about the bump in ram for raspberry pi . such a nice surprise for a monday . 	1
 ahri . . . i can t guarantee you that we ll see stars coz the sun is literally always setting here in twilight town . 	0
last friday night by katy perry is nowplaying in mad hatter hookah hiram . download it now at	0
if you don u t know who kidrauhl is you may as well no speak to me ever again .	2
dustin johnson has blew it . quadruple bogie at the st	0
rumored the boys will be going on an australian tour on february next yr 	0
tomorrow is national ice cream day . do what you will with this knowledge . i probs gonna eat some ice cream .	1
stefan sabol with his rd hit and rd rbi knocks in david wright to give st .lucie a lead .	0
not sure if you d enjoy them but forever the sickest kids . coasts . possibly owl city ? sam smith . the neighborhood . u may ? ?	0
you going to rugby practice on sunday somethingisayalot	0
p afl cio pres dick trumka to march with joe biden in labor day parade . people can read into that . . .what they want . he s a good friend 	1
for me . it goes one piece gt naruto gt dbz gt bleach . bleach has never really sat right with me . i can live without bleach .	0
brock lesnar will face big show at the wwe network special event at madison square garden on october rd . ashley	0
when are you going to add milan ? c mon	0
come on murray dig deep . . .i m going to be tired for work tomorrow if i have to stay up for a setter	0
the coast guard plucked two people off of an overturned fishing vessel in the tongass narrows wednesday 	0
the hound from game of thrones is making a lemon and pistachio cake on sunday brunch bloody fantastic start to the day .	1
one may argue if hanging yakub was right or wrong . but the people who are trying to portray him as a communal hero are purely anti national	2
halifa ayan yusuf is years old u c she was born in hargeisa in somalia n she is ready for the finals at the mlimani city hall on december 	0
blessing our followers may he who makes peace in the heavens grant peace to us amp to all israel . we bless you 	1
siri vs . google voice search may the best robot helper win via	1
 qsteaser oops u c forgot emmanuel adebayor ! as for the th u c bit naughty u c was it yakubu ? his surname is technically ayegbeini . . .	2
tomorrow come get a free mustache tee party on the plaza in front of gregory gym from am pm ! we have a . . .	0
tony blair extract worse than thought of parents having sex . is the iraq war the nd worst thing blair authored ?	2
ranger game on aug during the day ! anyone wanna go ? lexus club level 	1
that girl is me whenever bad blood comes on well in my head i kill it like that but truly i m doing the sprinkler .	0
dustin johnson has become notorious for choking on sunday at any tournament with the word open in it	0
kobe bryant looked like his old self against the jazz during a loss on thursday making of from the field and of fr . . .	1
i got tickets to meet the bulls tomorrow let me know asap . if your interested ! ! ! free	1
tbh if tomorrow ppl start going after nicki for what she said im gonna be pissed	2
sept rt i m hella mad they just showed a sons of anarchy commercial cont 	0
washington wisconsin gov . scott walker r unveiled his health care plan on tuesday amp promising to do on day one of his presidency	0
mlb capsules al darvish to make cactus league start march 	0
they released the retro fours bred during thanksgiving break on black friday . holy shit bills they are aren t they	1
definitely going to need dunkin tomorrow .	1
bought le boyfriends th anniversary present i m now going to make hot chocolate then snuggle up with charles darwin . delightful .	1
i love asia u c she u s the first friend i made down here in th grade .	1
 st i love you . nd you love me . three you can t say no to this handsome face . naruto s reasons for marriage . nsfanfic	1
white house responds to kanye west s presidential bid rihanna says she d vote for yeezy on sunday at the . . .	0
tomorrow morning ducks will be falling from the sky	0
 hp fiorina may find center stage uncomfortable republican presidential candidate carly fiorina the former h . . .	2
what evidence is there that says north korea hacked sony or are we just a propaganda machine for the us govt ?	0
seriously nothing better than playing under the friday night lights	1
picking mvp in july is stupid . .wow were you marking off the days on your i luv kris bryant calendar to retweet this ? lol	2
fast lerner subpoenaed tech guy who worked on hillary s private server says he ll plead the th sound familiar ? 	0
paul dunne danny willett anyone of players can win the open tomorrow exciting stuff on that note goodnight my friends	1
aaron samuels in the house . . . wearing pink and it ain t even wednesday ! meangirls dwts	0
daylight savings fall back is this sunday nov ! turn your clocks back hr on saturday night before bed enjoy the extra hour of sleep !	1
sting winning at nightofchampions results in either sting vs taker at mania or sting vs cena and i ve got a bad feeling it s the nd option	1
ukip may be out of the news but they are as poisonous as ever one of their parliamentary candidates	2
funky mojos saturday with the girls sunday my birthday next sat circoloco then ibiza ! ! ! loving life happydays	1
this may be about miss america and not miss usa but john oliver is always relevant great perfect hilarious .	1
david de gea didn t sign for real madrid . the way things have gone he ll be at west brom in january wba deadlineday youhearditherefirst	0
lil cindy just played me black friday by kendrick lamar and j cole . mind blowing . wow !	1
there are still tickets available for the mar panel at paleyfest . let s make castle a sold out event ! get tix here 	1
i cut th period just so kevin didnt have to be in art by himself u c im such a good friend !	1
hahaha can imagine dana white may want to kill himself after that rousey fight	0
bernie sanders leads hillary clinton by . points as of september th . steady and on track to win the democratic . . .	0
hello d greetings from mexico city ! when mblaq will come to visit the a mexican fans ? is true that go to brazil on september ?	1
why don t ot stans ever remember zayn s interview with the sun	0
what if gangnam style brought the sun for brazil kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk very hot here i love u 	1
sacramento area supporters we ll be at the whole earth festival at uc davis in the quad on may th and th .	0
 cowboysandaliens watched it last night cowboys indians plus aliens too brilliant western with a touch of favreau spice	1
cheesy as it may sound i will never be able to thank one direction with zayn enough for everything they ve done amp how they saved my life .	1
he made her drive all the hours up there fri scotland pub crawl think it hrs between cousins back mon ! twat	0
all nurses specialy amp happy nurses day . even if it may be a tough and tiring work for you . never doubt your job . 	1
gonna try the foo fighters at wrigley on sat ?	0
 hamid mir has rejected the negative views of saleem safi u csana bucha kamran shahid on pti peace march . read his tweets ! 	2
kanye taught everyone to be fearless so be fearless . i ll be if election day lands on the th . my vote ? kanye west .	1
jimmy mcgovern s hillsborough on itv wish they d show it nationwide on itv at pm tomorrow . the nation would see it with new eyes	1
work done for the week u c off the spurs tomorrow	0
bruni if you sort through the rabble you find john kasich . 	0
black friday i am going to be working but on my lunch break i m getting some kicks and levi s polos	0
batman still solid as hell . love ya . see you tomorrow !	1
just watched undertaker vs triple h from mania . even better the nd time around !	1
get up to date commentary on the medium term budget policy statement sa budget from deloitte tax experts sabudget on oct read more	0
one hour til kickoff v in long island . w thursday s unfortunate forfeit red stars are playing for rd th place in the standings .	0
one bad chip and tiger woods triples bogeys the par th . falls to under and more or less loses all chance to make the playoffs	0
thanks u c dave ! great show tonight . sorry u c craig . i u ve got to get to bed . i u ll catch you tomorrow . david letterman	1
ha ! probably google . get some pro ones done for the next time ! off to tomorrow ! can t wait	1
come out and support recapo tomorrow at silentnight on th and king dr . from pm ! ! ! ! ! ! ! be the change you want to see .	1
kpop ignites the capital with its nd biggest concert in india kumkum chourasia new delhi delhizens witness . . .	1
zac brown may be one of the only few country singers that can make me cry voiceofanangel	1
he should come out in press now . and may be sign for barca or city . d	1
just finished paper towns and i have to say the first part of the book was great but it started to get boring in the nd amp the rd part	0
fuck you bitch . mitchie made me she was like c mon drew she s cute .	2
i ve never ever won a radio contest before amp shawn never does them when he s in california so seeing him tomorrow makes me so happy	1
i thought it was the football team at st until i scrolled down and saw trey burke . lol	1
carlos cuellar u c louis saha u c adam johnson and steven fletcher ? they may have had the best summer besides chelsea .	1
how do like the idea of monday night daytona ?	0
jess glynne has a song called bad blood on her new album amp i m seeing her in november amp i hope she does a bb bb remix .	1
oh ! wow ! i must see it then . . . daniel radcliffe is not one of my fave actors u c but this may help me overcome my aversion . . . d x	1
lol . does he seem like a poch type of player ? or one that would fit in our wage structure ? or play nd fiddle to kane ? no .	0
luna is taking a break today u c not perfecting any major aspects to any of the other planets u c until she will meet jupiter tomorrow morning	2
harry backstage with niall last night in cleveland aug via	0
pretty excited to be singing at westfield parramatta this saturday at . amp . on the main stage ! who lives in sydney ? ? ?	1
sometimes you listen to adele on a sunday night and google chris evans .	0
can u imagine the front of suarez on the right u c sterling on the left klaas jan through the middle ? o that wud be amazing d	1
behavioral marketing is the new marketing cant miss ibm event on sep details below silverpop	1
blood got one hand and made the team but ya bum ass wanna listen to kendrick lamar and take pictures	0
brady is free jason aldean tonight busch gardens on saturday and brunch on sunday ! best birthday weekend ever ! freebrady tb 	1
hahaha ! ! i do look good with a greek child ! i u m home tomorrow morning so i u ll try skyping you xx	1
billy cundiff . his missed fg at the end of the nd quarter changed the game . he u ll never play again	2
lady gaga is releasing the artrave stage this week and then the new music video next saturday . let the artpop era finally begin .	1
just watched this for the th time . . .foo fighters invitation from people playing learn to fly via	1
sitting in my office window open sun shining in listening to my ipod wondering exactly what the catch is with this job .	1
 gh that was donnell turner s st scene as curtis hope he stays in the show for awhile maybe he can be jordan ashford s new love interest	1
on monday we went to reginald s tower for a thrilling storytelling session all about thor loki and norse gods !	1
marni ! i thought that it was you . it s roula ! ! good luck tomorrow .	1
the h roundup google drive backdoor u c wayland . and raspberry pi in the week ending october google . . . in	0
israel approves natural gas exports to egypt jerusalem dec reuters israel s government has given the . . .	0
trayce thompson s run single pushes white sox ahead in the th . thrown out trying to get to nd to end inning .	0
 th day on a flight to university of denver ! ! check out who is in the seat near the band ! ! they call him milton .	0
apples are tasty i ll text you tomorrow then good plan	1
white sox get hits make outs on bases that inning . manage a run on sanchez out single to center . soto in rundown to end nd . 	0
the vamps are on tfi friday and look about years old . . .	0
floyd mayweather says muhammad ali is the th best boxer of all time	1
tony romo just called me . he said he got a restaining order on you . guess you can t go to the game on thursday . . sucks . . tried	2
rushers .get btr on saturday night live by tweeting big time rush snlmusic ! let s make it happen ! time change	1
hopefully zayn will tweet something tomorrow so i will be hydrated the crops will be watered children fed skin clear fingers crossed	1
 nhl cba nhl source tells john buccigross that the league will cancel winter classic and all star game next monday if no cba .	0
jacob u should come at the emas in october in milan bc we love u	1
my first time seeing raw live and sting opens the show this monday . can t wait ! rawtampa	1
i m so tight because i m taking the hspa tomorrow and am gonna miss some of my classes .	2
he has missed chiefs u c saints and vikings it was a game sus and this game at oak would be his th he can play nov th	0
my favorite books about dystopia and fantasy are harry potter beautiful creatures hunger games twilight eragon th wave percy jackson .	1
i wanna a zayn one to my friend cuz her birthday is tomorrow and she loves zayn as hell and for me 	1
it may be the end of the world as we know it but trump s feeling fine .	2
 comment about the legitimacy of a kanye west candidacy because it s something new that people may believe is possible trump 	0
ryan bowie leads the lumberjacks in points with . he may be related to david bowie but i doubt it .	0
hi craig we run an nfl sunday quickie which covers just the nfl games on a sunday . it s open on the site now !	0
almost in binghamton ny on our rd driver . i beasted the st hours nobigdeal . hours to cooperstown hofweekend dirb gomudcats	1
im siltitng in my room the sun is rising outside my windwo and im laughign at my fucking naruto joke	1
wishing super eagles under sunday oliseh the best . looking forward to see carl ikeme and emenike . god bless nigeria	1
paddy mcguinness on this morning continuing to show the old stereotype that broadcasters from bolton have to shout all the time .	0
if the steelers play as good as they did sunday i say keep the bee uniforms on all the way to the superbowl steelers	1
happy th birthday children s bbc ! here s on his th birthday for which he got a bright yellow jumper .	1
author may just be answering sarcastically amp implying that mikasa doesn t like the other femmes . so he just answered armin . maybe	0
new mgla and iron maiden are going to be fighting hard for my time on friday	1
we would like to wish all the ladies amp gentleman in the nursing profession a happy nurses day for tomorrow may . . .	1
no new grey u s or scandal . must be a sign that i u m supposed to study for our exam monday . . . which i completely forgot about ! 	2
just want ask is jlin handsome by chinese standards ? u cuz i know what may look good us non chinese u c u myt not think so ?	0
 phone arena sprint getting samsung galaxy tab . with lte support on november th	0
tom brady spoke in foxboro today and said he hoped he was always going to play and is looking forward to thursday night . wbz	0
 will you have lunch with me tomorrow night ? random hoe that u s hitting on castle nooooooooo beckett	2
from the bbc free childcare scheme may backfire 	0
yelawolf is still the best yelawolf billy crystal feat rockcity on screen lyrics via dgitjustbecause he took th	1
kurt cobain solo album to be released in november . no plans currently for a winter u .s . tour to support it . livefromthebanksoftheriverstyx	1
one more movie coming your way this afternoon it s a biggie ! and a couple notes on sunday s the walking dead . . . . stay tuned .	0
after the blood moon comes the pumpkin sun	0
make sure to watch sharknado hell no tomorrow ! is in the movie ! but you ll have to find her 	1
yo you excited for this packers game on sunday lolol	1
how s down to go to knott s scary farm the th ? trying to a group going on	0
lmao ! byefelicia ice cube straightouttacompton is that where it all started and moved on into friday ? lol 	1
packers te richard rodgers will do some catching up with his dad sunday packers	0
frank gifford died sunday am in his ct home . family we rejoice in the extraordinary life he was privileged to live . . . 	1
teacher the sun is the hottest thing we know to exist . me have you seen david beckham ?	1
the fact that after i tweeted that u c max the dog sat on my cold left out foot . . .	0
won t have it until tomorrow for ps but i know some people got it on saturday 	2
interesting that jack kemp and were both announced on the same date august .	1
here in the stench beneath the african sun vultures attack a buffalo carcass . i see geurnica flanders fields and boko haram . micropoetry	0
may the billions be with you . . . lucas sells out or cashes in ? los angeles calif . in one of the biggest surprise . . .	1
day halloween candy november photo a day challenge	0
if i can not have thursday classes for the rest of my time at uva u c i will be one happy girl	1
it u s the clash of the century we u re taking on and at bowling tonight . may the best show win . us fightingtalk	1
i am still struggling in third place in the th and beyonce lady gaga fifth harmony ? ! we had to have them that now everyone loves them ?	2
george osborne is a threat to the poorest in our society 	2
aug join councilman franklin at the dist th prince george s county family amp friends day	0
tomorrow tom brady takes the field . . . and this scandal has awakened a dormant giant . i think tom was gonna take it easy on the league and . .	0
lost some respect for nicki after that . you may be a queen in the rap world but when u start shit at an award show u look like garbage vmas	2
paul dunne on thursday . you normally do an amateur don t you ! hope you had him ?	0
 event kpop fun run after party september quirino grandstand gates open at pm experience the outdoor . . .	1
i miss u to i loved it . . ctfu i u m soo mad the dj didn u t play that last night . . we better be going to ricks cafe tomorrow	1
i can get money for kermit but ain u t gone have it by tomorrow !	2
jenson button may be worrying about keeping his number one place in the mclaren team 	2
so i bet anyone money that tomorrow john cena beats rollins and sheamus comes out and cashes in the money in the bank	1
happy birthday ! ! have a top day . and hope everton batter chelsea on saturday for you haha ! x	1
rt i wanna walk the brooklyn bridge one day on a really nice night	0
when i can t wait any longer . . . st gen x gt x pe cause i just moved to t mobile !	1
 avril lavigne is having a concert tomorrow night in the park . sonic u s opening for her . you wanna come ? 	0
i haven t been able to enjoy tea since tuesday . i just want to drink a cup without feeling as though i ll hurl .	2
things i have learned since oct people are still very bitter about gilmore girls .	2
paul mccartney s daughter stella and ringo starr s son zak share the same birthday september th .	0
last eid gaza was in black . my friend was killed by israeli shelling on the st day of eid happyeid	2
just in real madrid stating to have proof that manchester united sent documents at . . uefa tomorrow to decide on it	0
monday night raw tonight and we have one thing confirmed . . . sheamus takes on randy orton at battleground !	0
good to hear . i u m racing saturday in new castle at blue diamond . then have a big ride day sun with one of our distributors .	1
camping out on the parade grounds thursday and friday night to make sure our tailgate spot is safe . geaux tigers	1
yup technology makes it feel like you are all right next door . in which case come over tonight for some terra nova ! kain	1
hate crimes against muslims in london have risen by percent in the past year a media report said on monday .	0
look steelers fans i know you may be upset about suisham missing that kick . just know that i heard a guy named billy cundiff is available .	0
john cena about to take time from espn s riveting golf discussion ! c mon espn wrestling is fake ! talk about golf more it s the real !	0
u missed it . statement was plotted to take attention away from uk national rahul gandhi . ndly such bs ll hit fan in apr .	2
sun got the best of me at soundset tbt	1
hey amber are you free november th . i asked nicki but her best friend told me she has a boyfriend that s clear .	0
nba news the new york knicks will take on the miami heat at msg on saturday australian time in their season . . .	0
i hope that they attract the right audience and some that may not have seen dbz or naruto before .	1
better value phone that moto g rd generation ? but android only people . i see you you itits .	0
i wish that customfoldericons worked on ios . . and it was received on december th .	0
hey mike d you going on the th ?	0
by the invested by real madrid . i announce david de gea will be paraded at pm spanish local time tomorrow . ameen .	0
in europa league he would play thursday then sunday isn t this the same ? sterling	0
 ks for kershaw through . he may get like chris sale did for the white sox a couple of weeks ago .	0
fake punt on th and ? wow james franklin can make some odd decisions . pennstate michigan psuvsmich	0
omg ! i can t wait calibraska is coming out tomorrow . i can t wait to get it .	1
he s tired will recant on tues mt scott walker just told stephanopolous that obamacare had trillion in tax increases .	0
white sox to open season at oakland the white sox will begin the season on april with a four game . . .	0
louis might not be the father briana s sex tape leaked made in the a .m comes out friday ohnobriana	0
monday night raw is not playing tonight ! kevin owens v randy orton ? what !	2
of course he supports israel may be crazy but he s not stupid	0
in a geography class tomorrow with google great starter ! geographyteacher	1
tomorrow i get to see paul mccartney perform and i m not even excited about it . jokes	0
what do you think about google possibly buying twitter ? especially after the collapse of google ? socialmedia	0
hope this isnt another false flag by mossad in paris like charlie hebdo bullshit . france is playing ball with israel so it may not be them	2
all my coworkers go to brookwood . that u s the only reason i may go to the game !	0
national ice cream day sunday july th is national ice cream day . click here to find out where you can get a free cone .	0
tomorrow on march th one month after valentine s day some men in america try to celebrate steak and a bj day .	1
rt so tomorrow morning wherever you are think of us here in wisconsin as we fight once again to restore democracy to . . .	0
ahh okay . maybe it s more that google chat thing i ve seen is what i m thinking of . main window th s full amp waiting ppl below	0
yo u c i followed you u c i m interested in having the un tagged nd verse for careless world .	1
video afp gaza u s hamas denies involvement in sinai attack following the election of mohamed morsi in june u c r . . .	0
my xbox box live expired last friday the struggle are real	2
creighton vb wins u c in the th set . jays now in mvc and have huge match vs . wichita state at pm tomorrow .	0
i just saw on tv that teen mom is coming out with a new season november th u c can u t wait to see it !	1
just checking in to see if i had a nightmare last night about the dwts cast or not .	0
calibraska had gone down to th in the uk ! ! calibraksaep	0
what mads may want to everyone when he received the script full of hannibal s vocabulary or intellectual talk lmfao	0
happy sunday retro members ! the movie of the day is project x	1
 km march by rahul gandhi in barpeta assam is probably the shortest long march in indian history of politics .	0
i fucks with kendrick but march madness deserve to be our national anthem it s that cold	2
hey ! if you are looking for new music you may really enjoy my bands material we sound similar to the cab !	1
i u m not even gonna bother watching eurosong tonight . saw enough of it on tuesday .	2
 but saturday . . if you can make it to monroe u c please do so ! the after party for different games is all in one . gsu jsu ull ulm tech	1
rock calendar saturday night fever soundtrack w pulsing disco songs from bee gees and others released a day ahead of the movie	0
i haven u t screamed that loud at the tv since sun when the pats kicked it across the pond .	0
so i notice on syfy website you can vote if april lives or dies in sharknado . essentially they announced shaknado . . . what a great day !	1
have you ever forgotten to get a valentine u s present ? your chance at feb bonjovi tix coming up !	0
wichita st is just a team full of corncobs . also u c if they play we ready today u c place will explode . shakeandbakejays bootstoasses	1
broke the story for fight . as if rousey couldn t get cooler she is bringing mma mainstream	1
so excited to meet and see you perform at westfield parramatta tomorrow	1
kendrick lamar on sunday ! i u m going to rub in how good it was . . .	1
i just typed in the bazura project into google images and the th image is a photo of my dad . also glenn with moustache is there . whatthe	0
i loved the episode ! ! ! can t wait until hart of dixie returns november th ! !	1
perfect day seeing sam smith amp elton john then having a big slice of pizza after to end the night . . .aka august th outsidelands	1
kobe bryant ranked at number ? nbarank hope he proves this ranking wrong . lots of respect for him ! one more reason to wait for oct th .	1
still have ancelotti s autobiography as my all time number followed by jonathan wilsons behind the iron curtain . pep book probably rd	1
go kim go kim go merry christmas kim kardashian may your god be with you with love peace happiness	1
attempting to outflank trump s mexican wall scott walker will build canadian wall . but what about guam hawaii ?	0
what a performance so far from galway native paul dunne good luck tomorrow you can do it ! nofear	1
do u know if the moto nd gen will work with ios devices ? ?	0
some guy sat next to me and tried to start a conversation but then he saw me reblogging d stuff on tumblr and left ahahahaha	0
andrew breitbart u s st site was big hollywood . he risked every penny he had to promote right of center artists willing to help themselves .	1
come see and the rest of the boks train at orlando stadium tomorrow at pm !	0
i won the nd star in my mclaren c in csrracing raceyourfriends . download free !	1
did you know that t mobile was trending topic on friday for hours in detroit ? trndnl	1
saudi defense minister we will work to hit any terrorist organization in afghanistan wtf . saudi arabia was the st to recognize taliban .	2
haha aight . . .i also semi trust alex smith now after he covered on monday like that	1
someone on my tl just tweeted that liam is the nd oldest member of d nd i was about to correct her before i remembered that zayn quit	0
happy nd birthday to prince george ! hope he has a fantastic day !	1
this fandom s a mess omg i wouldn t be surprise if tomorrow there s a trend who says niall s going to marry his cousin weknowthetruth	2
just delivered a speech on iebc preparedness for the march election at icj conference at mombasa continental	0
rt went looting in spurs last night broke into the white hart lane cabinet so left with a pile of dust and a gareth b . . .	0
omg i told my mom to look out for niall in the u .s . open audience and she was like look out for your brother and i in the th row of 	0
kremlin support of assad regime may lead to possible confrontation with us led coalition kerry raaf	2
are you going to be at allstar tomorrow night ?	0
on some real shit its august th and frank ocean still has not dropped that album and i m honestly truly truly pissed the fuck off	2
 nowplaying jim white crash into the sun	0
will you be having an anniversary outdoor concert like you did for your th with michael ball ? that was an amazing evening ! !	1
as if is at centre point may have to nip round the corner and stalk his fine ass guiltypleasure	1
bring the adidas sock tomorrow	0
elite dangerous available on xbox one october th elite dangerous was first announced as coming to the xbox . . .	1
 hell with jeb bush with spanish speaking we dont tell mexico speak english and i m half hispanic ! english st n the usa	2
hey guys ! i m leaving tonight to montreal to see demi lovato on sunday ! if i have wifi i ll tweet everything of course xx seeya !	1
can someone pick me up tomorrow morning and bring me with you at lax ?	0
check out the trailer for the kurt cobain doc screening here fri sep	0
oh my god sharknado in space ! this is even cooler the nd time ! sharknado 	1
ricky ponting was pulled out of a sheffield shield game on friday with a hamstring injury .	0
hot yoga was intense tonight . hope i can handle the power vinyasa class on friday . eeek	1
this is the nd worst thing hulk hogan has ever done	2
big brother is like cigarettes or whiskey . st time you want to puke . after you overcome your natural aversion you develop a craving .	0
thanks brendan for the nascar virtual racing rt . will we see you at the nascar spring cup in march at lvms ? shake n bake !	1
imagine if paul dunne wins the open tomorrow and some nonce had a bet on him at . . .	0
paper towns comes out tomorrow and guess who will most definitely be going to see it once again ? if you guessed me you are correct .	1
so remember when i said i was going to get the apple watch on friday	0
george rr martin at peace with game of thrones finishing before a . . . gameofthrones	1
sad news about frank gifford . i loved watching him play for the giants and then monday night football . . .we lost a pretty decent man today .	0
remembering the grateful dead s jerry garcia on the th anniversary of his death	1
getting an iphone tomorrow and going to the zac brown concert . . . can i look forward to any more ? excited	1
that awkward moment when john adams thinks that independence day is going to be july nd .	0
sigh my apple watch just informed me time to stand literally right after i sat down after walking to get a cup of coffee .	0
just bought a steelseries siberia illuminated frost blue headset . hope it arrives on saturday so i have it this weekend . . . geek	0
stamkos doesn t deserve more than toews or kane . . .no stanley cups . . .he may get big . . .but he won t sign with mapleleafs . . . nocup	2
ravens vs steelers game tomorrow we are going to whip there asses lol teamfollowback	1
my mom is going to the chris brown concert tomorrow . . . . .	0
 nd movie for the night ghost rider nowwatching 	0
huum if you u re hungry u c come to tunisia we have delicious food here ! huum nialler always eat o c u mon !	1
 . . .which is quite ironic given the paris attacks were staged false flag hits as was charlie hebdo in january . . .	0
btw am at the ladykillers tomorrow . are you going to that one ?	0
you didn t miss much terrible st half nd was much better . i prefer gazza boruc should be dropped after that .	2
so i ve been sat watching the junior champs not realizing the london grand prix was on . 	0
buses arrive in henryville . first day back in original building since march tornados destroyed school	0
amazon prime day . million items ordered breaking all black friday records with items ordered per second .	1
nirvana won i m officially out of commission for the rest of today and tomorrow	1
whelp i get to go see one direction perform tomorrow . i saw them with zayn and now i get to see them without him .	0
they think cause they said some vague shit on that friday in december that when valentine s day comes around and they re with another girl	2
dry by pj harvey is a brilliant record . i listened to the whole thing yesterday on a break from editing . filmmaking	1
en route back to turin after a perfect day out in milan . looking forward to a chilled day tomorrow and the u gig tomorrow night . u ietour	1
hey christians ! why are you so silent about kim davis you may be next . we have an out of control govt that needs to reigned in .	2
you are the equivalent to block game donald trump	2
start your friday off the right way by watching john cena save the day during an episode of scooby doo 	1
kurt cobain solo release any real nirvana fan will not be buying this . . just money grabbing brett morgan and courtney	2
sunday is national ice cream day ! we will have supercold science shows at amp pm with samples of liquid . . .	1
i will not be able to handle harry u s voice in kiss you . .and i may not survive after hearing all the songs on take me home in their entirety .	2
using my advent calendar to count down the days to corbyn s resignation . expect to see a resurgence of the ira and support for rd intifada	0
lord i pray that you would give christians including me bigger desire for justice . may we cry out to you with more ferventness amp urgency !	1
but i thought angela merkel was the most evil woman in europe ?	2
giants u scutaro leaves game with hip injury san francisco giants second baseman marco scutaro left monday u s nlc . . .	0
kris bryant hits a walkoff homerun in the th inning to beat the 	0
this t mobile shit gotta go going back to at amp t friday !	2
barca on the other hand could have problems . must avoid injuries and stay in touch til jan and probably add more on top of arda an vidal	0
i hope that rammstein gets played on the wedding dancefloor tomorrow . that would mean of my teenage booze mates will have had it	1
thank you to everyone who joined us on the bus on saturday and all the other lions supporters at loftus . it was awesome seeing loftus red !	1
i m in love j . cole kendrick lamar black friday it s soo good . tales of two cites with a kendrick twist	1
katy perry will be hosting this years mtv ema s on her st birthday ! this is going to be some show !	1
music friday rolling stone magazine recently named andra day one of the new artists you need to know and . . .	0
kanye west may be a good rapper but eminem is the rap god	1
mainland police repatriate wanted fugitives to taiwan police on the chinese mainland on thursday repatriated . . .	0
can t wait for epik high s comeback perf at inkigayo this sunday ! my bommie unnie will join the perf ! ! ! ! ! super excited ! ! !	1
frank gifford discusses how monday night football changed with al mich . . . via	0
i hope zayn isn t hanging out with may because she s been trying to start shit with his life for years .	2
ok . . . . james franklin may not be a good coach in the big . . . constant questionable calls . . and management issues	2
 day in mario lemieux s ownership grp takes over the penguins . st player in modern era to buy the team he played . le magnifique !	1
rt our football season preview shows start airing tonight on the mtn . .half hour each program . .the latest on boise state . . .	0
kris bryant hits a pop up an opposite field walkoff hr to win it w outs in the th . a perfectly wrigley hr .	1
tfw the nd the hunger games movie is on amazon prime but not the st one i didn t watch	0
thankfully he u s in germany now . and comes home in january . still dangerous though .	2
good to see flacco showing some fight in the nd half . that u s about all i can ask for at this point .	1
cate blanchett to be awarded top honour at th aacta awards held in sydney the australian academy of cinema . . .	0
 frankie i think i u m gonna have a date with my bed tomorrow me same . that u s my boy	1
i m gonna see ant man tomorrow can t wait . you seeeee i m doing theaters lol 	1
cba for tomorrow just want tomorrow night and saturday night	0
mrs may doesn t mean it but just wants to be elected tory leader when dave steps down then it will be all smiles	1
david wright will resume his rehab assignment tomorrow evening at pm with the off today again . mets	0
even though i m not going to sam smith tomorrow i would be hella disappointed bc he cancelled his show a day before 	2
with milan sitting in th the highest they ve been in almost three years shevchenko wants time for the coach .	1
prenatal yoga starts sunday september from for the four week series or pay as you go for . . .	0
desire is the root of all suffering . being content w what is is the only relief . u may c there is no you . . nirvana extinction	0
 amcfearfest is freaking me out . . i just want to watch americanhorrorstory fx may have the movies but amc has got the shows	0
the way he convinced the non muslim til they converted to islam is beautifully done . subhanallah may allah bless him and grant us jannah	1
by larry fine new york sept reuters not even the presence of his sporting inspiration tiger woods at the u .s . open could lift	0
instead of watching lorax pregame u c try friday night lights . tim mcgraw can beat the fumble out of you	2
dear italian harmonizers you ll at least be able to see the girls in milan the th . better than nothing i guess .	0
first we had the charlie hebdo thing back in january and now this ? ! when is this fucking islamist terrorist shit finally gonna bloody end ! ? !	2
i ve sat in the same spot for three hours watching meeting shawn experiences on youtube . . .	0
study it may mean that sombre sky blue appearance of the horizon at the time of twilight i .e . between light and darkness b 	0
can u t wait until next friday . imma see my big bro swiper and the boul young savage perform .	1
wait if this is true i m gonna be so happy bc i thought eid was on the rd ! ! !	1
i may never read watchman after this review . what would be the point ?	2
the great wall of sharknado the th wonder of the world . oh hell no ! sharknado 	2
i want to be here the greatest hits tour blue u c jeff timmons of degrees u ca on feb . . . 	1
tom brady hits the field thursday night . . . . let s goooo	0
fuck around and buss out the vintage john cena shirt tomorrow	2
i m going to be in toronto om wednesday and i would totally be ok with meeting any big brother contestant or	1
i get it . you re like the caster version of chuck norris . you re just waiting for championship sunday	0
haha well you can t get me lost . i gotta be back in oklahoma before monday morning .	2
rt pj harvey to play the royal albert hall for the first time this october	0
on another note it seems greek pm tsipras married angela merkel to francois hollande on sunday happilyeverafter	2
come hang out with me saturday at kremlin ! !	0
hommage to gary carter and the expos day tomorrow at rcup dollar hot dogs u c and tix at the level . youppiwillbehere	0
cute amp good idea show the real israel far away from biased headlines !	1
i may have a yo ipod classic i ve never encountered a problem w it unlike my sisters whose newer models seem to crash quite easily .	1
you too lovely ! i was like a big kid . see you tomorrow for x factor fun x	1
tomorrow is my return to pca basketball ! ! ! good to be back with again ! !	1
wednesday s nfl notebook broncos peyton manning says his injured thumb is ok the tape didn t wrap all the way . . .	1
ufc s dana white says holly holm will wait for ronda rousey holly holm may want to fight sooner than a rematc . . .	0
a new era for the nigeria national team starts today sunday oliseh s first game in charge of the super eagles v tanzania . afcon 	0
i m away at write around the murray this weekend but free next monday th and the thursday after that .	0
gasp ! ! you u re going to the concert ! ! ? hope to see you tomorrow at the big bang concert michelle ! ! !	1
he may not longer be the representative of the but tony blair is still heading up this initiative .	0
hey emile u c do you have plans to lp any more rd party nintendo console titles u c such as fragile dreams u c last story u c or klonoa ?	0
 st points to sunnybank in premier rugby grand final with a penalty kick to dion taumata rdtier	0
lonely star life of the party the birds pt . amp rolling stone valerie	0
glad you all enjoyed your visit ! and a big neverland happy birthday to curtis !	1
oomf is gonna get punched in the throat tomorrow . 	2
hi u c would you contact me about a medical travel event at the ritz carlton san fran tomorrow ? i need bloggers and tweeters .	0
anyone going to be in marshall tomorrow afternoon night ? hmu	0
tonight s yougov poll is the first since last wednesday to show a labour lead .	0
i made a time lapse video of the san diego county fair you may enjoy !	1
kanye west the hollywood bowl sept th . that would be amazing tbh .	1
if muslims like mehdi hasan are extremists who are the moderates ? the implicit insidious message there aren t any	2
sunday was national ice cream day and today is national junk food day . national type diabetes life is just around the corner ppl	2
is this why you took money from saudi arabia and other muslim countries that treat women like rd class citizens ?	2
 times oscar winner john williams will receive a lifetime achievement award at the classical brit awards on october at royal albert hall	0
worked yesterday then the chris brown concert worked again today and got a full day tomorrow too . . . im ready for another cruise ! vacation	1
we also have more college football all day saturday and nfl all day sunday . dawgs vs ole miss at sat .	0
i wanna go to the kendrick concert tomorrow but thats like a death trap	2
ermahgerd u c why is it only am ? ! i want sunday to come already . shopping spree at the florida mall u c yes yes yes . muchneeded	1
saudi arabia said to weigh selling stakes in state run entities world leaders may have vowed to wean the worl . . .	0
can u t wait to see carrie underwood on the th	1
buy my new album comming out called fuck you procrastination ft . drake trey songz nwc meek rick ross . drops in wshh november cop it ! !	1
holy mother of all that is good kanye west s speech at the video music awards on sunday was all sorts of burning . . .	1
revision book right ? i u ve already gave it to niesa . she u ll give it to you on tomorrow hopefully you u ll get a in eng ! amin !	1
murray about to get sent home . that ranking means nothing man th vs st and you would never know . . . usopen 	0
star u s office hours are in scc room sunday and monday pm u c tuesday thursday pm come talk to us about anything !	0
i have many fond memories of sneaking up past my bedtime to watch frank gifford on monday night football . we ll miss you man .	1
rumours have it that fleetwood mac may be playing at inabudhabi	1
why do i feel like national hot dog day is the april fools of food holidays ? wefullydontundertandhowhashtagswork	2
one of the worlds biggest icons david beckham dined in this wednesday manchester beckham	1
sunday reflection why the gop should give obama the higher taxes he wants . . . in favor of higher taxes for . . .	0
might fuk with greenville tomorrow night ! !	2
 another example of a good college player who had a great week at senior bowl to ease concerns about toughs get into st round	1
gp if secretary kerry s convinced the iran deal will prevent iran from getting nukes will he move to israel ?	0
i m so ready to annoy everyone at school tomorrow about niall fracturing his foot	0
a windfall along with my pardon and returned order of merlin i received a tonne of gold from the ministry after the trial today .	0
just wanna know why niall s sat there in my mums dressing gown getting his food brought to him he s 	0
rt joleon pretty face lescott edin i want to play for milan dzeko scored for the city . de gea should have done bet . . .	0
okay i forgive the makers of ant man for omitting jan pym . it s a funny exciting heist film with a lot of honor to dads . go see it .	1
ole miss band is fired up for rousing verion of dixie next tuesday night wanna sing it rachel ?	1
been blasting justin bieber all day to hint to my mother she still has time to go online and buy me tickets to unwrap tomorrow morning . . .	1
it s all gucci i ll be at school tomorrow	0
rousey would make may weather tap out .she would knock the s of that fraud and fake . she loves the sport while the clown does it for the 	1
tonight u s the decider will i be at the garden friday night for knicks heat game ? here u s hoping for a miracle . . .	1
 nd half about to start . . . . forza milan	0
bobby jindal may care about planned parenthood but he s a crappy la . governor	2
 harrypotter fact jk rowling u c harry potter and actor daniel radcliffe all share the same birthday u c july .	0
scotland v germany tonight foo fighters tomorrow and pile of work to get through in the meantime . . . who s doing the coffee run ? ? ?	0
 years ago tomorrow i was on my way to forres for the first time to meet liam s family so many memories are flooding back aw aw aw !	1
fianlly gaming review of moto g and it is a solid performer ! graphics heavy games with moto g rd generation !	1
it seems so . it would have been close had i gone to iran . back thursday . i ll go in the new year . would be brill	0
at some point tomorrow morning afternoon u c the nhl will can the winter classic u c and effectively the entire season . is it march madness yet ?	2
anyone wanna see jason aldean with me on the today show on friday ? ? cristina won t go	1
did you hear ? the fr . program tomorrow night has been moved to cme ! see you upstairs at the cme tomorrow night at pm !	0
i m so sad . no inkigayo tomorrow . that means we don t get to see iu in her halloween costume on tv . hope she tweets a selca . witch iu ?	2
i just want it to be tomorrow so i can open my justin bieber cd i know is waiting for me under the tree	1
kim kardashian s butt gets its own emoji when kim kardashian launched her new emoji app monday the reality s . . .	0
damn my ps is on its waaaaaay lt should arrive today but i won t be there xd hopefully i can pick it up from the post office tomorrow 	1
writer motivation dr . seuss u s st book was rejected by publishers before it was accepted by the vanguard press . don u t give up	2
whoever it is done pissed ying and yang off for the day u c i just pray they make up by friday	2
monday is the tournament . weight class negros . whoboutit	0
a huge and very special thank you to the amazing if you haven t seen his show yet catch christians last show on sunday	1
so de gea will be just like the barca situation can t play but is basically at the club because he should leave when january comes	0
seth rollins is sitting next to a certain woman that you may have seen uh all of .	0
registration open for land expo with exclusive access to jim rogers . jan in west des moines . landexpo	0
watch latoya tonight on dr drew pm central time ! what she thinks should happen to conrad murray ! ! ! !	0
it felt weird not watching teen wolf tonight . january needs to hurry up .	0
jack johnson from jack and jack if you see this please go to venice beach tomorrow morning or santa monica tomorrow night ok thanks 	1
 under the cherry moon u c my niggas carry heat u c enough to bury june shaaaataaaaaaaaap	2
i m going to the movies tomorrow and i wanted to go see ted but my little sister s coming so i m going to see inside out instead	0
diablo iii full pc game with crack release date world may usa may europe may . . .	0
feb at kfc yum center u c you down ? !	1
 will knocks on the door again . is the window in your room open bentley ? can you see the sun ?	0
keeping dez st and hill th . green amp calvin will prob be the best avail wr s . nervous about both . go with murray or gore ?	0
top best new moto g phone cases if you re looking for a phone case for your new moto g rd gen here are . . .	1
icymi cnn s criteria for the next republican debate may end up leaving carly fiorina out .	2
today i saw many great news like hp touchpad discount and another news is about nokia n swipe . this new . . .	1
yea but on the other hand why was briana attending the london concerts hangin out with his fam in september ? 	0
watching the eli young band on the cmas right now . . about this time tomorrow i will be watching them in person in starkville ! ! ! !	0
gonna watch annabelle tomorrow with these awesome people can t wait to scream my lungs out ! ! ! !	1
for the ladies because thursday . donald glover in magic mike xxl . tasty .	1
it is for the concert the vamps in manchester i wanted to know if it was possible to replace my place of april th concert to	1
well my darling girl aja is happy . . .no school tomorrow ! and really i don t mind the respite from getting up for highschool hours !	1
thank a lot to you david for the magic music night in milan on nd last ! ! ! we wait for you back with orchestra 	1
kim kardashian on the cover of rolling stone is not the death of rock . this is .	0
there have been zero cases of ebola in the whole of nigeria for well over a month yet someone died of ebola last friday in texas	0
takin my math cashee tomorrow thursday nd friday helpin out at the special olympics ! hopin my best friend is there ! winnin !	1
kingsley coman joins bayern on loan from juventus matthias schmitt before the close of the transfer window on august st fc bayern . . .	0
you may have mentioned it before but are you a david bowie fan ? if so have you seen the video for blackstar yet ? thoughts ?	0
spending all my money at the gucci store in december	0
you can catch these guys performing late night at the gin mill and grille in northampton pa this friday ! ! this . . .	0
that u s crazy . i u m more jealous of u going to joe pa u s grave ! i was sad saturday when i walked past where the statue should be 	2
kim davis is in jail standing agianst gay marriage . barry amp michelle r st family gay tranie in wh . burn the rainbow flag	2
request for ppl in media dont take the opinions of organisations however religious they may be as the voice of muslims . they do not .	0
i work at the la in alsip but that xsport offered me a job . got an interview tomorrow	0
ever wonder what roman reigns and dean ambrose do before they make their entrance ? well last tuesday night new . . .	0
about to watch american horror story for the st time really hoping its worth it considering how hyped everyone is about it .	1
gonna be a beautiful weekend in the south . .poker run on old hickory and possibly eric church at the new ascend amphitheater fri and sat ! !	1
there will never be women in the ufc dana white a few years ago . . .as ronda rousey headlines her rd or th ufc card . what a bonehead he is	0
iron maiden is releasing a new single tomorrow . jacked about that .	1
french president francois hollande is due to hold talks on monday with the heads of the world bank and other top economic bodies .	0
oomf said he going to the fair saturday to make sure i be safe lol he can be sweet !	1
i m going to disney world october .	0
lol . you can still watch nicki asked miley what s good and called her a bitch most interesting part of the show 	0
report michael dyer stopped in march with gun marijuana by unusually understanding state trooper sunday arka . . .	2
 iran terrorism iran expects oil to fall below iran said on saturday that it expects o . . . islam tcot uhf	0
i will be out of town and will miss this but you should go ! nuit blanche dc event sept 	0
floyd mayweather fight september ! come on down for the excitement amp grab your seat early ! ! mayweatherberto	1
i will be purchasing the new batman on dvd tomorrow my sunday night is going to be awesome ! ! batmanrules	1
takbir ! ! dr . mohamed morsi announced as egypt u s st elected president after the glorious th of jan revolution . congratulations to egypt !	1
kim kardashian is a big star wars nerd ? even kim kardashian is getting into the star wars spirit . on friday . . .	1
this shark on friday s twilight charter just wanted to say hello ! sharkdiving gopro	0
katie price who won celebrity big brother in february returned to the site of her triumph on thursday night for the launch of the new	1
hope love amp laughter warmth prosperity amp joy a fragrant bouquet filled with life you may enjoy ! a very happy eid 	1
cowboys finna get the nd round pick back bruce carter josh brent and anthony spencer slowly comin back the best is yet to come	1
did someone say christmas in july ? ! go set a watchman comes out today ! oh and i m busy for the rest of today . no reason . booknerd	1
yes . i am the remus lupin of werebears . just watch out at the next full moon . i may once again attempt to steal your honey . . .	1
anonymous asked may i know the format of unboxing video ? and is it for album only ? can i do it for . . .	0
still so happy won battle of the bands and they get to play on abc sunday night . cannot wait to play with them june st .	1
peter broderick has been added to the roskilde festival program tomorrow . don t miss it . gloria at . rf 	1
i m sure kerry will come out tomorrow and say that he was against the charlie hebdo massacre being legitimate before he was for it	0
white collar returns with new episodes in january . . .happy camper tweet .	1
it was only sleepless from around am . .early enough ! ! may need to drink heavily when they go amp see u !	0
for once in her life briana did not answer her phone on the st ring . so i successfully sang her ringback tone all the way thru lmao	1
i still want that birthday cake remix that i wanted on saturday . . .	1
yooooo i m taking all of the donuts dunkin has tomorrow . free inhabitant yo	1
and josh hamilton . really this whole team right now . incredible . get punched in the mouth in the th and then do this . awesome .	1
 strikeforce results in an instant mma classic u c miesha tate julie kedzie went to war . tate pulled out the w with sub at of the rd	0
no way she makes it past the st rd . she has had a rough transition to mma she is in no way near prepared for rousey	0
i still have a lot of candy left anyone want tomorrow u 	1
lots of crime action in hannibal the past two days . . . check it out in tomorrow s	0
ohhhh i just realized with the maintenance on supercard tonight it may be how they remove hulk hogan from the game .	0
just wondering does anyone know if sun yang been hanging out with floyd mayweather ?	0
took and hour to vote . . .first day of early voting . .please try not to wait until super tuesday earlyvoting	0
answered all requests but signing off for the night it is time for sharknado oh hell no ! see you all tomorrow	1
there is still time to register and find your red dress for tomorrow u s rampage ! get on it !	1
holy shit no class til monday i love you iona ! ! ! ! ! !	1
did i mention im going to see foo fighters in milton keynes tomorrow ! ! ! ! . . .	1
the orange county armenian festival is going on today and tomorrow in laguna hills . come and enjoy a . . .	1
i think i may have an obsession with demi lovato s laugh .	1
hopefully heading to cowboys aliens tonight hopefully will be able to get in to see it need some fun to watch	1
on saturday night making the next hit honored us with a achievement award it felt like we were at the grammys ! . . .	1
kamala who defended hulk hogan following the racial tirade scandal that broke out on friday discussed the . . .	2
rndm november bowery ballroom new york notes from the road 	0
biggest problem with ufc is that dana white seems to feed sheep to lions for ticket sales . it s not exactly fixed but it may as well be .	2
only days till i support laidback luke for the rd time also la fuente on the bill the arches on the th . . .	1
ladies night out ! on august th wiley s is hosting a male revue with members of the new magic mike xxl ! watch . . .	1
 congratulations on the th birth anniversary of . years since we ve come to love you amp backward compatibility 	1
 getwellsoonashton ashton come out of that bed we need you to entertain us c mon now	1
i have no wired internet until wednesday . currently relying on t mobile for access to the rest of the world .	1
going to peru again on the th 	0
i doubt it s coming at this point may as well just get it on ps when you decide to pick one up .	0
followed by friday up to redcar to watch sumer stroll who if it stays dry will have a belting chance to notch another win . ventura a danger	1
 wickets in st session u c eng bowlers will be extremely happy ! just tiwary u c raina and saha left along with yuvi . rayudu should u ve played !	1
it may not b a matter of courage but the comparison does not apply the us is much more diverse in all manners compared iran	0
catching up on films tomorrow with nd watch of ant man in d . then st watch of maggie and southpaw . southpaw films	1
no you ppl on twitter have proven how stupid you are with the hulk hogan thing don t try pretending like you understand the nd amendment .	2
i u m supposed to sleep now because of work tomorrow but sen . johnny enrile u s life is interesting it u s keeping me awake	1
through evidence was given on the understanding no criminal charges would result ?ira fired st but try to find proof ! dare you !	2
monday in the raw randy orton vs mr money in the bank sheamus wweraw	0
today while i was signing thor s nd surgery contract the tv was playing supernatural s fan fiction episode . i had to stop signing just to	1
there s no way thor should start the th anyway	0
blum poe just sent out email announcement of chuck close s show opening on the th !	0
national ice cream day is sunday but the fun . staff is celebrating today with delicious weis quality ice . . .	1
gutted my match is off against bolton tomorrow ! was well up for it 	2
jerred tomorrow followed by a day of nothing but xbox sounds great . then next friday . so much excite .	1
it s a st amendment jerk ! scott walker to protesters in iowa i am not intimidated by you via	0
anyone wanna go see shedseven at boro on th december ? ? . each . let me know u c i really want to go .	1
listening to that elvis presley . . . he may be on to something with his rock and roll !	1
 am whilst at work may not have been best time to listen for the first time but not completely feeling the new iron maiden just yet 	2
jurassic park is screening at the actors playhouse this weekend for free . . .	1
great article on university data amp openness feb of this yr do you have any thoughts on which u s are embracing taylor swift ?	0
once again i nd that . . . i wanna know what the hell they are saying on bachelor and cube without translator	2
thanks everyone for coming out for my extra long dark souls stream i may have to come back to it later in the event . that was a lot of fun !	1
just want to make it known that i m gonna go see janet jackson in concert in february . you re jealous ik .	1
new at forum ferry from dubrovnik to hvar hallo we want to travel from dubrovnik to hvar on sunday . . . croatia	1
spend your halloween night with us ! ! ! movie night in morris hall phase ! ! ! ! tomorrow ! ! ! ! free food ! ! ! games and movies ! ! ! ! !	0
can t sleep . got a lot on my mind . if i can t get to the wgc tourney in russia i really need to fight in dec jan . . . gotta stay busy !	2
season ends with superbowl in first week of february .	0
 fff favourite film friday . . . jack the bear . a young boy learns that real horror does not necessarily always come from halloween ! ! !	1
briana is acting like us not wearing uniforms to school tomorrow is the next world war 	2
today in santa fe was the first time ii had seen someone use an ipad as a camera . .it looked a little weird .	0
ariana said that if i finish my mixtape before august ends she s gonna sue frank ocean and that s probably the best motivation to finish it	1
cowboys will beat the falcons sunday nite i guarantee it	0
that may have been best drive since the first against green bay . wvu	1
people are no longer in the dark sm has changed the political landscape forever ! hillary can t hide anymore	2
i forgot gg was released on psn today . i u ll get it tomorrow u c one more day of missing years of competition won u t kill me .	0
it s the coaching fault how is kendrick not rushing the passer anymore on rd down ? like cox not our best option	2
this died between rousey and mayweather c mon y all athletes at the best in your sport . rousey would win though . can you say womenunite	1
 enter our competition to win a london children u s map puzzle just follow and rt .closes friday th	0
tomorrow kicks off muslim awareness week ! come to our first event tomorrow at a .m . the brown bag on islam .	1
i m going to threshold at celebr . festival in kingston upon thames united kingdom may 	0
the apple watch may become so addictive it keeps people from looking at what s truly important in life like their iphones .	0
ruby falls the summer break valentine s day friday s when i use to sneek on wednesday and saturdays it s nothing just a waste of time ?	0
 paul mccartney appeared on saturday at the th place in the top of chicago s trends trndnl	0
i am assembling an epic pancake posse for an ihop run on thursday and you don t even know how excited i am . . . .well you might know now .	1
shock of shocks the posts about bobby jindal s birthright citizenship anchor baby status are bullshit . . .	2
you red tops are so biased towards london clubs slagging rooney off for not scoring then say kane should be eng st choice	2
thanksgiving leftovers still good the nd amp rd time around . yum smashing	1
really tired ! great day ! going to put my feet up and watch game of thrones maybe agents of shield . night ! cya tomorrow !	1
last words of yakub i did a mistake may allah forgive me . did any rascal who stood for him understand what he meant ?	0
coming to dc open acting workshop with tom todoroff on nov th constantcontact	0
well i wish they were here as this is my th year and the first in as many that i wont see them here . see you at winter jam . . . 	1
sat in mcdonald s feeling like real madrid . i placed my order paid for it yet the goods haven t been delivered . famished	2
i think we are going to have the red bull bar back on jan as well	0
happy th from the bomb squad !	1
is there any word on patch amp dlc file sizes for ps ? have gb left of data allowance til the th rural internet boo .	0
who wants to go see eric church with me and tomorrow ! ? ! admission plus some extra for food and gas	1
pancakes at ihop with a year old and commitment renewal tomorrow . . . .sunday slug day .	0
 nd take away . if ice cube doesn t get a check on the st and th stuff is gunna get real .	0
so unfortunately it s all really bad timing rn so i can t go to the ed sheeran concert tomorrow but if anybody wants floor seats . . . .	2
community event come support the center for the art of performance at ucla next friday ! in one special evening . . .	1
watching good deeds for the st time and i think i already know how tht movie gonna turned out . smh	0
won tickets on the show with to see at this sunday . tom u s from alsip u c right ? harvey	1
what do you expect thursday ? are you going to pull out that mikey magic on duels day again ? hopeso	0
aas being regulated to feb i agree with you . malcolm x being taught in nd grade i can go either way on .	0
weei flash red sox beat the phillies . more msg amp data rates may apply stop cxl .	0
my mom stood up to congratulate nicki then she sat down when she heard taylor lmao	0
selling extra ticket to zac brown band in toronto tomorrow ! ! ! ! ! mssg me if you want it 	1
louis saha could become the th player to score for different pl teams this weekend . can you name the who u ve already done it ? quizzage	0
find us at the sana tradeshow on september th in the beautiful milan italy ! tradeshow betterwithbirk italy	1
lionel messi won his nd golden boot award and barely at yrs of age .this kid must be considered one of the greats .	1
may god bless me with a husband like david beckham	1
but the th man is still the lionel messi for the manc scums unfortunately	2
getting ready to head to pico rivera to meet up with my halloween stylist trying to get a look together by tomorrow night !	0
tomorrow night practice with the team u c black vs gold baseball game u c a mizzou vs sc volleyball game . onemizzou	0
the pack rides during the th stage of the th edition of the paris nice cycling race run between s	0
come down to hype park this sunday for food drink and a video shoot with myself kinetik superior thought the locksmiths and many more	1
tomorrow we will be proud to play at the remembrance service at south hetton church	1
have a spare red stars ticket for either july th northwestern or the th benedictine up for grabs . takers ?	0
lough erne done serious course great driving on the th all to play for tomorrow in concra woods ballinacup 	0
 th floor paterno with we u re going to be productive from now on .	0
after your rd game with isco on fifa 	0
tom brady was going in the th round in ff and now those picks are about to prosper .	0
i want april to live to see sharknado ! aprillives	1
spent labor day on the campaign trail in new hampshire listening to bernie sanders who i ll write about sunday . . .	0
i can t wait till friday coming down to see the jays for first time in years and david price pitching woo hoo !	1
see you tomorrow caitlyn jenner	0
note about rodgers having comebacks after trailing by in nd half flynn had wins amp a tie last yr w gb in same sit	0
this may be the best thing ever . . .play the iron maiden video game from speed of light video . this rocks !	1
wow ! you u re also a percy jackson fan ! the th book of heroes of olympus will be entitled house of hades 	1
keith richards means nothing to monday night and is awful u c cant we all just forgive hank jr ! ? !	2
awaiting update on mikel leshoure s injury . but so far wr titus young is the only one of the lions top three picks in april still standi . . .	0
bruh if kendrick brings out the rest of tde tomorrow i ll die on the spot .	0
 icanhonestlysay dexter is such a good show i may order showtime just because of it .	1
goodnight i m super tired and i m going whale watching tomorrow so i m gonna get some rest ok have a great night shawn loves you so much	1
thhis coming friday the st i ll be playing sets of grateful dead songs at sky bridge station . starting at . they have beer . 	1
grandy showing some real nixe range our there in rf saving a out double to end the top th . straight retired by thor . nymvskc	1
i may or may not have just bought pulse beyonce s perfume .	1
watching the vow for the st time ! i it ! already cried times !	1
just got handed some flash drives with windows ! i ll be at the top of the giant escalator on the th floor for mins . while suppl . last	1
blake get ready for the wild girls in ohio june th hurry up ! ! ! !	1
it u s on . . . .wifey and i gonna make the trip from new mexico for my th bday to join the thman on to for the az game . seahawks	0
i started soa but couldn u t really get into in after the th episode . but i u ll definitely check out spartacus	0
live cricket score ind vs wi th odi india dominate proceedings in dharamsala dharamsala in the fourth odi . . .	0
tonight monday night was fucking great a lot of supper stars came and so did sting and he beat the hell out of seth rollins that s we do	1
 . i think you should get . as guest against colberts st show . he starts with jeb bush really ? baddecisions	2
katy perry had a song with these lyrics but it was about a white girl . smfh .	0
cameron s comments may be overly rough on labour mp s but mcdonnell called for labour councillors to have kneecaps shot off by the ira .	0
october th will be the anniversary of wizards of waverly place !	0
who wants to go see catelynn and tyler from teen mom with me on thursday ? ? ?	0
tiffany will be one of the mcs along with cnblue u s yonghwa and beast u s gikwang for sbs kpop super concert on november cr foreverjeti	0
it was really nice to hear from u thanks hope ur enjoying ur time off i ll c u dec st in binghamton ny	1
arsenal will have no trouble finishing th and above . we ve done it with chamakh bendtner upfront .	1
celebrate the first day of classes with us tomorrow saa will have dunkin coffee and donuts in centennial commons tomorrow morning at !	1
i u m excited for the new tomb raider game even though it comes out in march . they u re talking it back to the start don u t you know ?	1
goal ! kane england his rd in internationals . shaw with a great pull back and kane slams it home with his left . engvswi	1
caitlyn jenner sat on ellen today amp was absolutely dismissive of gay marriage because she s in line with her conservative republican views 	0
who u s coming to the marijuana march in cardiff tomorrow ? support the cause legalizeweed !	1
amazon prime day is basically all the stuff that was left over on january right ? lame .	2
i got tickets to go see iamsu in december in sac who wants one ! ? regular you want to meet hbk gang iamsu 	0
when you realize classes start the th so the ac dc concert will be the best concert since eminem and jay z thatwasgoat	1
dunkin on monday i ll give you my card to get it	0
the white sox may sweep the royals and i m confused	0
if you are at the rampage game dm me i may be able to get you in our suite .	0
morning all ! waking up at . to gamble may not have been the best idea . knocked my sleep . this hour is fit for milkmen perverts only	2
my am drive to leeds on thursday morning was made epic by the sight of f joy sat in a transporter on park lane as a bentley was unloaded	1
they won the belts from the spirit squad amp the potato sunday ppv amp lost the belts to randy orton amp edge days later on raw .	0
embarrassing . rams cut alexander . yes i know he u s from mizzou . but c u mon . chiefs d makes unknowns look like pro bowlers .	2
wow my last rt . it u s only been years since verm u s arrival . he u s now captain and will make his th start for afc on sat . time flies .	1
a district judge on monday held kane on charges for allegedly lying about leaking secret grand jury information to get back at her critics gt 	0
have you ever been to valentine amp co rd floor shakespear house shakespear road london n xe ? there is company .	0
i may have missed out seeing noel fielding and rich fulcher today u c but i did just see tom tilley ! samsimmons	0
rob on the u kyle and jackie o u show on oct rd 	0
tgif ! ! ! love day weekends . enjoy the weekend everyone . laborday sun cocktails	1
 more moderate may be ! but plenty of uneducated demagogs who have not done a day s work . . . .starting with tsipras himself !	2
girl just sat next to me on the train and she was listening to tegan and sara was she hitting on me ? ?	0
i don t gotta work till fucking wednesday and we get class off on monday it s gucci	0
the day after newark ill be able to say i met demi lovato yesterday and im meeting demi lovato tomorrow 	0
do you think you could please more women in night than charlie sheen ?	0
so . . . uh guys . sharknado is tomorrow . would anyone wanna celebrate it with me on wadatwitter	1
as heartbreaking as ole miss was i can live with it . put it down and i can t wait to see him saturday ! wps	1
may jus have to fuck with those hawks tomorrow ! niggas luv a deal	2
eid is september th and drake is releasing his new album that day this will probably be the best eid gift i ve ever received alhamdullilah	1
many sunday shows fail to mention carly fiorina s surge in the primaries particularly at the state level . tcot gop	2
whew u c long day unpacking the turner house . now a movie and knitting with my honey . how u s your saturday going ?	0
with the wikileaks releases yesterday u c it u s only gonna help rd party candidates make an impact in the election .	1
twilight zone inning ? ground hog day inning . may go on ever . . . . just keeping hittin u him rays !	1
he is one of the st names on mancini u s team sheet and he was one of the st names on capello u s team sheet and that says it all	1
i remember when you kissed me on th street wait for me to come home ed sheeran weeks	0
up in your neck of the woods next week . fancy going to acdc in metlife on wednesday ? we have a spare tik if you re interested ?	1
mighty quinn november and the the winner is . . . curtis the boxer 	0
kendrick lamar may be onto the next big thing .	1
saw the firesuit commercial during the break couldn t stop laughing . saw it st at the farmers display at lvms .	1
 nowplaying the no . hit of janet jackson escapade from march till march at the billboard top 	1
wow there u s two just put the previews on itunes already they u ll all be leaked by monday	2
 nowplaying elvis presley . love me tender just as good as version at solus cardiff in november 	1
honestly if the bbc the habourer of the rich and countless pedophiles were to just no longer exist tomorrow they wouldn t be missed !	2
wrestling w why i don t love carol unreservedly amp it may come down to this i don t love cate blanchett as an actor . so that s out there .	2
i think this is seriously the worst song i have ever heard . and i ve sat through a bunch of kanye west performances at these shows . vmas	2
well i u m currently on holiday in portugal coming home tomorrow then going to poland on tuesday for a holocaust memorial trip !	0
misinterpreting mariah carey lyrics . apparently she wants to fly a family into the sun and something about tachyon beams . star trek fan ?	2
